<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1411906_0001144204-16-132259_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4302675</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78930</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>233845</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1061686</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1998308</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>849754</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132259.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108080636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132259
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001411906
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				260179592
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35182
		FILM NUMBER:		161980015

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		373 INVERNESS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-437-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		373 INVERNESS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chay Enterprises, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070910

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132259.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 v451088_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended: September
30, 2016   

or  

For the transition period from                   
to                      

  Commission File No. 001-35182  

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Delaware   
       26-0179592    

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   
     
          (IRS Employer  
          Identification No.)    

373 Inverness Parkway, Suite 200   

  Englewood, Colorado 80112   

  (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code)   

(720) 437-6500   

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 accelerated filer ,  large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12B-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x   

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller Reporting Company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No  
 x  

As of November
1, 2016, there were 57,179,686 shares outstanding of Common Stock, par value $0.0001, of the registrant.  

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

  FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

INDEX   

Page  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
 
      Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   

Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   

Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 (unaudited)   

Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) (unaudited)   

Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and the nine months ended September 30, 2015 (unaudited)   

Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited)   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       18    

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       23    

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
       23    

PART II OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
       23    

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
       24    

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       24    

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       24    

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       24    

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
       24    

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
       24    

SIGNATURES    
       25    

2   

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
contains statements reflecting assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events that are intended
as  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements included or incorporated by reference in this report, other than statements of historical fact, that address activities,
events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These
statements appear in a number of places, including  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations.  These statements represent our reasonable judgment of the future based on various factors and
using numerous assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual
results and financial position to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. You can identify these statements
by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, and use words such as  anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate,   expect,   forecast,   may,   should,   plan, 
 project  and other words of similar meaning. In particular, these include, but are not limited to, statements
relating to the following:  

projected operating or financial results, including anticipated cash flows used in operations;    

expectations regarding clinical trials for our product candidates, capital expenditures, research and development expense
and other payments;                                       

our beliefs and assumptions relating to our liquidity position, including our ability to obtain additional financing;    

our ability to obtain regulatory approvals for our pharmaceutical drugs and diagnostics;     

our future dependence on third party manufacturers or strategic partners to manufacture any of our pharmaceutical drugs
and diagnostics that receive regulatory approval, and our ability to identify strategic partners and enter into beneficial license,
co-development, collaboration or similar arrangements; and     

progress of our manufacturing facility/clean room.     

Any or all of our forward-looking statements
may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors including, among others:  

the loss of key management personnel or sponsored research partners on whom we depend;     

the progress and results of clinical trials for our product candidates;     

our ability to navigate the regulatory approval process in the U.S. and other countries, and our success in obtaining required
regulatory approvals for our product candidates;     

commercial developments for products that compete with our product candidates;     

the actual and perceived effectiveness of our product candidates, and how those product candidates compare to competitive
products;     

the strength of our intellectual property protection, and our success in avoiding infringing the intellectual property rights
of others;     

adverse developments in our research and development activities;     

potential liability if our product candidates cause illness, injury or death, or adverse publicity from any such events;

our ability to operate
                                         our business efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs (including general and
                                         administrative expenses), obtain financing when required and the dilutive effects that
                                         raising additional capital could have on our current shareholders; and  

our expectations with respect to our acquisition activity.     

In addition, there may be other factors
that could cause our actual results to be materially different from the results referenced in the forward-looking statements, some
of which are included elsewhere in this report, including  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations.  Many of these factors will be important in determining our actual future results. Consequently,
no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Our actual future results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in
any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements contained in this report are qualified in their entirety by this
cautionary statement. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we disclaim any obligation to update
any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report, except as otherwise required by
applicable law.   

3   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
trademarks, such as Ampion and Optina, which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are our property. Solely
for convenience, our trademarks and trade names referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may appear without the    
or  TM  symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate in any way that we will not assert, to the fullest extent
under applicable law, our rights to these trademarks and trade names.   

4   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial
Statements   

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

    Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

5   

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

    Statements of Operations   

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

6   

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

    Statements of Stockholders  Equity
(Deficit)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

7   

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

    Statements of Cash Flows   

  (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

8   

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

    Notes to Financial Statements   

  (unaudited)  

Note 1 Basis of Presentation   

These unaudited financial statements represent
the financial statements of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( Ampio  or  the Company ). These unaudited financial
statements should be read in conjunction with Ampio s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which
included all disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). In the opinion of management,
these unaudited financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position of Ampio for the
balance sheet and the results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the
period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of expected operating results for the full year. The information
presented throughout this report as of and for the period ended September 30, 2016 is unaudited. 

Ampio is a biopharmaceutical company focused
primarily on developing compounds that decrease inflammation by (i) inhibiting specific pro-inflammatory compounds by affecting
specific pathways at the protein expression and at the transcription level; (ii) activating specific phosphatase or depleting
available phosphate needed for the inflammation process; and (iii) decreasing vascular permeability. 

Ampio s activities have been primarily
related to research and development and raising capital and have not generated revenue to date. 

On January 4, 2016, Ampio completed
the spin-off of Aytu BioScience, Inc. ( Aytu ) by distributing a majority of its shares of common stock of Aytu to
the Ampio shareholders on a pro rata basis (see Note 9   Discontinued Operations). This transaction changed Ampio s
ownership from 81.5% to 8.6% of Aytu s outstanding shares on that date. As of September 30, 2016, Ampio s ownership
has been reduced to 2.0% (see Note 3   Investment in Aytu BioScience, Inc.). Ampio reclassified its remaining investment
in Aytu as a trading security, recorded at fair value on the balance sheet with the change in fair value recorded as an unrealized
gain on the statement of operations. 

Adoption of Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) 2016-15  Statement of Cash Flows - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ,
which provides guidance on the presentation of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows in order
to reduce diversity in existing practice. ASU 2016-15 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15,
2017. Early adoption is permitted. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company early adopted this standard with no
impact on the nine months ended September 30, 2016 cash flow categorization. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements, Not Adopted as
of September 30, 2016   

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation  Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements
to Employee Share Based Payment Accounting . The standard includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects
of the accounting for share based payments. The amendments are expected to significantly impact net income, earnings per share,
and the statement of cash flows. Implementation and administration may present challenges to companies with significant share based
payment activities. The amendments are effective for public entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period, with any adjustments
reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on
its financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842) . The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to
record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will
be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered
into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients
available. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
 Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ,
which requires that all equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income
(other than those accounted for under equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee). The amendments
in this update also require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the
fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure
the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. In addition, the amendments in
this update eliminate the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities
that are not public business entities and the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate
the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet for public
business entities. The amendment is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its financial statements. 

9   

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern . The standard is intended to define management s responsibility to evaluate whether there
is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its financial statements. 

Note 2 Fixed Assets   

Fixed assets are recorded at cost and,
once placed in service, are depreciated on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives. Fixed assets consist of the
following: 

Note 3 Investment in Aytu BioScience, Inc.   

On January 4, 2016, Ampio completed
the spin-off of Aytu by distributing a majority of its shares of common stock of Aytu to the Ampio shareholders on a pro rata
basis (see Note 9   Discontinued Operations). This transaction changed Ampio s ownership from 81.5% to 8.6% of Aytu s
outstanding shares on that date. As of March 31 and June 30, 2016, Ampio had significant influence over Aytu subsequent to
the spin-off due to the fact that Ampio s Chief Executive Officer was one of the three and one of four Aytu Board members,
respectively. 

In May 2016, Aytu completed an offering
which was dilutive to the Aytu shares held by Ampio. In July 2016, Aytu added a fifth Board member. In July 2016, the Company determined that Ampio s influence is no longer significant
over Aytu s Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2016, Ampio s ownership in Aytu s outstanding shares
was 2.0%. Ampio reclassified its remaining investment in Aytu as a trading security. The Aytu security is recorded at fair value
on the balance sheet with the change in fair value recorded as an unrealized gain on the statement of operations. 

Note 4 Fair Value Considerations   

Ampio s financial instruments include
cash and cash equivalents, trading security, accounts payable and accrued liabilities and warrant derivative liability. The carrying
amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair value due to their short
maturities. The valuation policies are determined by the Chief Financial Officer and approved by the Company s Board of
Directors. 

Authoritative guidance defines fair value
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. The guidance establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value
that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable
inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of Ampio. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect Ampio s
assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available
in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on reliability of the inputs as follows: 

10   

Level 1:  
      Inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible to Ampio for identical assets or liabilities;   

Level 2:  
      Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active or inactive markets or that are observable for the asset or liability either directly or indirectly; and   

Level 3:  
      Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity.   

Ampio s assets and liabilities which
are measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to their fair
value measurement. Ampio s policy is to recognize transfers in and/or out of fair value hierarchy as of the date in which
the event or change in circumstances caused the transfer. Ampio has consistently applied the valuation techniques discussed below
in all periods presented. 

The following table presents Ampio s
financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016, by level
within the fair value hierarchy: 

The trading security in Aytu BioScience,
Inc. is recorded at fair value which represents Ampio s ownership shares in Aytu of 102,201 multiplied by the Aytu s
closing stock price on September 30, 2016. The difference in value is recorded as an unrealized gain on the statement of operations. 

The warrant derivative liability for the
warrants was valued using the Monte Carlo valuation methodology because this model embodies all of the relevant assumptions to
address the features underlying these instruments. Significant assumptions in valuing the warrant derivative liability are based
on estimates of the value of Ampio s common stock and various factors regarding the warrants. These assumptions were as
follows as of September 30, 2016 and at issuance: 

11   

The following table sets forth a reconciliation
of changes in the fair value of financial liabilities classified as Level 3 in the fair valued hierarchy: 

Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies   

Commitments and contingencies are described
below and summarized by the following table as of September 30, 2016: 

Ampion Supply Agreement    

In October 2013, Ampio entered into an
agreement to purchase human serum albumin, the starting raw material for the Company s Ampion product. Under this agreement,
the Company still has a remaining commitment of $7,650,000. Per an amendment to the original agreement, Ampio is not committed
to purchase any human serum albumin during 2016 and has extended the agreement to 2019. 

Facility Lease    

On December 13, 2013, Ampio entered
into a 125-month non-cancellable operating lease for new office space and the manufacturing facility effective May 1, 2014.
The new lease has initial base rent of $23,000 per month, with the total base rent over the remaining term of the lease of approximately
$2.7 million and includes rent abatements and leasehold incentives. The Company recognizes rental expense of the facility
on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Differences between the straight-line net expenses on rent payments are classified
as liabilities between current deferred rent and long-term deferred rent. 

12   

Rent expense for the respective periods
is as follows: 

Sponsored Research Agreement with Related Party    

Ampio entered into a Sponsored Research
Agreement with Trauma Research LLC ( TRLLC ), a related party, in September 2009. Under the terms of the Sponsored
Research Agreement, Ampio is to provide personnel and pay for leased equipment. The Sponsored Research Agreement may be terminated
without cause by either party on 180 days  notice. As further noted in Note 8 Related Party Transactions, in March
2014, the Sponsored Research Agreement was extended through March 2019, including a  no termination  period through
March 2017. In a subsequent addendum, the parties also agreed to increase the equivalent value of the personnel provided by Ampio
from $264,000 to $325,000 per year. 

Clinical Research and Trial Obligations    

In connection with current and recent clinical
trials, as of September 30, 2016, Ampio has a remaining commitment of $453,000 on contracts related to the completion of these
Ampion clinical trials. 

Note 6 Common Stock   

Capital Stock    

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, Ampio had 57,179,686 and 51,998,306 common shares outstanding, respectively. As of these same dates, Ampio had no preferred
shares outstanding. Ampio has 100.0 million shares of common stock authorized with a par value of $0.0001 per share and 10.0 million
shares of preferred stock authorized with a par value of $0.0001 per share. 

Shelf Registration    

In December 2013, Ampio filed a shelf
registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) to register Ampio common
stock and warrants in an aggregate amount of up to $100.0 million for offering from time to time in the future, as well as 1.5 million
shares of common stock available for sale by selling shareholders. The shelf registration was declared effective in January 2014
by the SEC. As a result of prior equity raises, approximately $82.4 million remains available under the Form S-3 as of September 30,
2016. 

Registered Direct Offering   

On September 1, 2016, the Company completed
a registered direct offering. In this offering, the Company issued directly to an institutional investor 5.0 million shares of
its common stock and warrants to purchase up to 5.0 million shares of common stock. The common stock and warrants were sold in
units, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock. Each unit was
sold to the investor in this offering at a negotiated price of $0.75 per unit generating gross proceeds of $3.75 million. The shares
and the warrants were offered and sold pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 which was
declared effective by the SEC in January 2014. 

The investor warrants have an exercise
price of $1.00 per share and are immediately exercisable with a term of five years from issuance. In addition, the investor warrants
include provisions for the adjustment to the exercise price upon subsequent issuances of common stock by the Company at a price
less than the warrant exercise price and the investor is entitled to purchase additional shares, such that the aggregate purchase
price of $5.0 million for the warrant shares remains unchanged. The investor warrants also include a provision for redemption at
the Black-Scholes value upon the request of the holder upon a change of control. Based on these additional derivative features
of the investor warrants, they must be accounted for as a liability at fair value under ASC 480. On the date of issuance, these
warrants were valued at $4.1 million. 

In connection with the offering the placement agent received a 6% commission totaling $225,000 and 150,000
warrants with an exercise price of $0.9375 and a termination date of September 1, 2021. These warrants had a value of $89,000 when
they were issued and are accounted for as equity based warrants. The Company also incurred expenses related to legal, accounting,
and other registration cost of $113,000. 

The Company s net cash proceeds for the registered direct offering were $3.4 million. When the additional
non-cash charges of $4.2 million related to the 5.0 million investor warrants and the 150,000 placement agent warrants were offset
against the net cash transaction proceeds this exceeded 100% of the proceeds so the Company was required to take the additional
cost above the transaction proceeds and recognize them as a loss on the day it entered the transaction. The loss on the transaction
was $804,000 and is included in derivative expense on the statement of operations. 

Controlled Equity Offering    

In February 2016, Ampio entered into a
Controlled Equity Offering  SM  Sales Agreement (the  Agreement ) with a placement agent to implement an  at-the-market 
equity program under which Ampio, from time to time may offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering
price of up to $25.0 million through the placement agent. The Company has no obligation to sell any of the shares and may
at any time suspend sales under the Agreement or terminate the Agreement in accordance with its terms. The Company has provided
the placement agent with customary indemnification rights. The placement agent will be entitled to a fixed commission of 3.0% of
the gross proceeds from shares sold. 

13   

The following table summarizes Ampio s
total sales under the Agreement for the period indicated: 

Common Stock Issued for Services    

Ampio issued 18,126 and 7,998 shares valued
at $60,000 and $30,000, respectively, for non-employee directors as part of their director fees for fiscal years 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Note 7 Equity Instruments  

Options   

In 2010, Ampio shareholders approved the
adoption of a stock and option award plan (the  2010 Plan ), under which shares were reserved for future issuance under
restricted stock awards, options, and other equity awards. The 2010 Plan permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors
and consultants. The shareholders have approved a total of 11.7 million shares reserved for issuance under the 2010 plan.
Ampio has computed the fair value of all options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. In order to calculate the
fair value of the options, certain assumptions are made regarding components of the model, including the estimated fair value of
the underlying common stock, risk-free interest rate, volatility, expected dividend yield and expected option life. Changes to
the assumptions could cause significant adjustments to valuation. Ampio calculates its volatility assumption using the actual changes
in the market value of its stock. Ampio has estimated a forfeiture rate of 5.2% based upon historical experience; this is an estimate
of options granted that are expected to be forfeited or cancelled before becoming fully vested. Ampio estimates the expected term
based on the average of the vesting term and the contractual term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S.
Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant for treasury securities of similar maturity. Ampio has computed the fair value
of all options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 using the following assumptions: 

Ampio stock option activity is as follows: 

14   

Stock options outstanding
and exercisable at September 30, 2016 are summarized in the table below:   

Stock-based compensation expense related
to the fair value of stock options was included in the statements of operations as research and development expenses and general
and administrative expenses as set forth in the table below. Ampio determined the fair value as of the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model and expenses the fair value ratably over the vesting period. The following table summarizes
stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Warrants    

Ampio has issued warrants in conjunction
with private and public offerings. A summary of all Ampio warrants is as follows: 

In connection with our September 2016 registered
direct offering, we issued to an investor warrants to purchase an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $1.00 and a term of five years. These warrants due to certain derivative features are accounted for under liability accounting
and are fair valued at each reporting period (see Note 6). At September 30, 2016, these warrants had a fair value of $4,039,000
(see Note 4). 

15   

Also in connection with our September
2016 registered direct offering, we issued to the placement agent warrants to purchase an aggregate of 150,000 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of $0.9375 with a term of five years. These warrants are accounted for as equity based awards (see
Note 6). The 150,000 placement agent warrants issued in connection with the registered direct offering were valued using the Black-Scholes
valuation methodology. Significant assumptions were as follows: 

Note 8 Related Party Transactions   

Ampio entered into a sponsored research
agreement with TRLLC, an entity controlled by Ampio s director and Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. Bar-Or, in September 2009,
which has been amended six times with the last amendment occurring in January 2015. Under the amended terms of the research agreement,
Ampio will provide personnel with an equivalent value of $325,000 per year. With the fifth amendment, Ampio also paid $725,000
in 2014 which is being amortized over the contractual term of 60.5 months and is divided between current and long-term on the balance
sheet. In return, TRLLC will assign any intellectual property rights it develops on Ampio s behalf under the research agreement
and undertake additional activities to support Ampio s commercial activities and business plan. This agreement is set to
expire in March 2019 and cannot be terminated prior to March 2017. 

The Company has advances to one former
executive and three employees that were used to purchase stock in the Company when it was formed during 2010. These advances are
non-interest bearing and due on demand and are classified as a reduction to stockholders  equity. As of September 30, 2016,
advances of $51,000 to stockholders remained outstanding. 

Note 9 Discontinued Operations   

On January, 4, 2016, the Company completed
the spin-off of Aytu by distributing a majority of its shares of common stock of Aytu to the Ampio shareholders on a pro rata basis.
The Aytu business has been included in Ampio s financial results as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Please
refer to Note 1   Basis of Presentation for additional information concerning discontinued operations. 

For all periods presented, the operating
results associated with the Aytu business have been reclassified into loss from discontinued operations in the statement of operations.
Due to the limited operations during the first four days of January 2016, the Company deemed the operating results associated with
Aytu to be immaterial for disclosure purposes. The following table provides a summary of Aytu amounts included in discontinued
operations: 

16   

Assets and liabilities of discontinued
operations consisted of the following at December 31, 2015: 

Note 10 Litigation   

As previously disclosed, on May 8, 2015
and May 14, 2015, purported stockholders of the Company brought two putative class action lawsuits in the United States District
Court in the Central District of California, Napoli v. Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., Case No. 2:15-cv-03474-TJH and Stein
v. Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., Case No. 2:15-cv-03640-TJH (the  Securities Class Actions ), alleging that
Ampio and certain of its current and former officers violated federal securities laws by misrepresenting and/or omitting information
regarding the STEP study. The cases were consolidated, and on February 8, 2016, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint
alleging claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ) and Sections 11 and 15 under the Securities Act of 1933 on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of common stock
from January 13, 2014 through August 21, 2014, including purchasers in the Company s offering on February 28, 2014. On April
8, 2016, Ampio and the other defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. The Court granted the motion to dismiss,
with leave to amend, on August 4, 2016. On September 27, 2016, plaintiffs filed their second amended complaint, alleging the same
claims set forth in the consolidated amended complaint during the same class period. The lawsuits seek unspecified damages, pre-judgment
and post-judgment interest, and attorneys  fees and costs. 

On August 6, 2015 and September 25, 2015,
purported stockholders of the Company brought derivative actions in the United States District Court in the Central District of
California, Oglina v. Macaluso et al., Case No. 2:15-cv-05970-TJH-PJW ( Oglina action ) and the Colorado state court
in Denver, Loyd v. Giles et al., Case No. 2015CV33429 ( Loyd action ), alleging primarily that the directors and officers
of Ampio breached their fiduciary duties because of their alleged misstatements and/or omissions regarding the STEP study. Pursuant
to the parties  stipulation, the United States District Court in the Central District of California has stayed the proceedings
in the Oglina action at the present time in accordance with the terms of the parties  stipulation. Pursuant to the parties 
stipulation, the Colorado state court in Denver has stayed the Loyd action at the present time in accordance with the terms of
the parties  stipulation. 

17   

The Company believes these claims are without
merit and intends to defend these lawsuits vigorously. The Company currently believes the likelihood of a loss contingency related
to these matters is remote and, therefore, no provision for a loss contingency is required. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

This discussion should be read in conjunction with our historical
consolidated financial statements. The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. For additional
information regarding these risks and uncertainties, please see Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q,  Risk Factors, 
and the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26,
2016.   

Overview   

We maintain an Internet website at  www.ampiopharma.com .
Information on or linked to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Filings with
the SEC can also be obtained at the SEC s website,  www.sec.gov . 

We are a biopharmaceutical company focused
primarily on developing compounds that decrease inflammation by (i) inhibiting specific pro-inflammatory compounds by affecting
specific pathways at the protein expression and at the transcription level; (ii) activating specific phosphatase or depleting
available phosphate needed for the inflammation process; and (iii) decreasing vascular permeability. 

Product Update   

AMPION   

Ampion is the   5 kDa ultrafiltrate
of 5% Human Serum Albumin, or HSA, an approved biologic product. Ampion is produced by ultrafiltration, and is provided as a sterile
solution for dose administration as an injection directly into the osteoarthritic knee joint. Ampion is proposed for the treatment
of pain due to osteoarthritis of the knee. We have completed multiple clinical trials in the development of Ampion. Clinical trial
development began in 2011 with a PHASE I/II study. In 2013, we announced the results of the single injection PHASE III Spring
study, which met its primary endpoint, and was deemed by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, as one of
the two pivotal trials required to support a Biologics License Application, or BLA. Results of the Spring study have been published.
Multiple injection clinical investigations were evaluated in the first and second quarter of 2015. The multiple injection PHASE
II Strut study demonstrated a 64% reduction in pain over baseline at 20 weeks. The PHASE III multiple injection Stride study did
not reach its primary endpoint, though it did demonstrate a significant reduction in pain over baseline at 20 weeks. In July 2015,
we met with the FDA where a single injection clinical trial and a Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, was recommended by the
FDA as the second pivotal trial for the BLA. A SPA is a process by which the FDA provides written agreement on the design and
size of a clinical protocol for the purpose of BLA filing. A SPA can significantly de-risk the path to market due to insufficient
data or unexpected safety concerns. In September of 2015, the FDA awarded us a SPA for the second PHASE III pivotal trial of Ampion
(PIVOT study). The PIVOT study, which included 480 patients, was a randomized, double-blind, saline-controlled, PHASE III clinical
study conducted at 20 sites across the US to examine the safety and efficacy of Ampion intra-articular injection in patients with
pain due to osteoarthritis of the knee. The clinical stage of osteoarthritis of knee severity is defined by the Kellgren Lawrence
scale, or KL. In March 2016, we announced that enrollment in the PIVOT study was complete. The results stating the PIVOT study
did not meet its primary endpoint were announced in June 2016. The primary endpoint was the change in WOMAC A pain score at week
12 as compared to saline. Although the PIVOT study did not meet its primary endpoint, it did show a large reduction in pain from
Baseline over 12 weeks. Ampion improved (reduced) WOMAC A pain scores significantly over baseline in all KL grades (reductions
in pain: KL 2: 52%, KL 3: 36%, and KL 4: 33%). Additional analyses included adverse events, Patient Global Assessment, and responder
status defined as 20% improvement in pain at week 12. Ampion was demonstrated to be safe and well-tolerated with no drug-related
serious adverse events and an overall adverse event rate that was similar in both the Ampion and saline groups. We observed the
largest differentiation between Ampion and saline in the most severe osteoarthritis of the knee patients (KL 4), where no available
non-surgical therapy exists. KL 4 patients have been historically excluded from osteoarthritis of the knee trials because of the
advanced stage of their condition. We are pleased with the consistent clinical effect Ampion has demonstrated in all of our clinical
trials. In September 2016, we met with the CBER Division of the FDA to seek guidance on the best path forward to obtain a Biological
License for Ampion  to treat patients suffering from pain caused by severe osteoarthritis of the knee. As a result of this
meeting, we are continuing our discussions with the FDA while analyzing the best way to proceed towards filling our BLA for Ampion.
If another Ampion trial is needed prior to filing our BLA we believe that this trial could be smaller, with fewer patients, than
our PIVOT study and could be completed in the first half of 2017. If we are successful in moving our plan forward, we believe
that we could potentially file the Ampion BLA in the second half of 2017. 

18   

In May of 2016, we announced that patient
dosing had begun in the exploratory, PHASE I clinical trial evaluating the safety of a single intra-articular injection of Ampion
in adults with pain due to osteoarthritis of the hand, specifically of the first carpo-metacarpal joint of the thumb (basal thumb
joint). This trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, single-center study in one of the largest hand surgery clinics
in the US. In September 2016, we announced completion of enrollment. We expect to release the results once all patients have completed
the trial. 

We also intend to study Ampion for therapeutic
applications outside of osteoarthritis of the knee and hand. We may engage development partners to study Ampion in various conditions
including: (i) acute and chronic inflammatory conditions; (ii) degenerative joint diseases; and (iii) respiratory
disorders. Based on the continuing evaluation, we are also studying Ampion s effects on cellular behavior to indicate potential
effects on disease modification across multiple conditions. If successful, we believe these additional formulations and potential
therapeutic indications will supplement the Ampion clinical portfolio, and will enable clinical applications in large therapeutic
markets where there are significant unmet needs. 

OPTINA   

Optina is a low-dose formulation of danazol,
an FDA approved therapeutic when used at 100 to 800 mg per day. Danazol is a synthetic derivative of modified testosterone ethisterone.
At low doses, danazol decreases vascular permeability by increasing the barrier function of endothelial cells. The lipophilic
low-molecular-weight weak androgen has the potential to treat multiple angiopathies. Optina is proposed for the treatment of DME. 

During 2014 and 2015, we conducted
the OptimEyes multicenter, placebo-controlled, randomized, dose ranging trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of oral
Optina, which included 355 patients. The trial showed Optina was safe and well tolerated with no drug related adverse events
and no differences in side effect rates between placebo and Optina groups. The trial did not meet its primary endpoint for
all patients, however we believe we have successfully identified an optimal dose for a body mass index subgroup of patients
who are refractory to currently available therapies and also utilize RAS inhibitors as a medication. As more than 70% of
all DME patients are utilizing RAS inhibitors to control their blood pressure, we believe this combination of drugs shows
promise as a painless, safe and efficacious oral treatment for DME, and a rescue medication following anti-vascular
endothelial growth factor therapy failure. These patients showed a +6.2 letter improvement in visual acuity at three months.
We presented these results at the World Ophthalmology Congress in February 2016, The Association for Research in Vision and
Ophthalmology Conference in May 2016, and the 49 th  Annual RETINA Society Meeting in September 2016. 

19   

AMPION MANUFACTURING FACILITY   

In December 2013, we entered into
a ten-year lease of a multi-purpose facility containing approximately 19,000 square feet. This facility includes an FDA compliant
clean room to manufacture Ampion, research laboratories and our corporate offices. 

We moved into our new manufacturing facility
in the summer of 2014. Since that time we have implemented a quality system, validated the facility for human-use products and
produced the product used in the PIVOT study clinical trial. We presented on single use technology in manufacturing at the 24th
Annual Aseptic Processing Technology Conference for the International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineers in February of 2015.
We are now in the process of producing the FDA required registration batches. We believe that these steps could shorten our regulatory
timelines and significantly reduce our time to commercialize Ampion. The facility was placed in service during the first quarter
of 2016. We manufactured the Ampion drug and placebo (saline) for the second PHASE III Ampion trial in our facility. 

KNOWN TRENDS OR FUTURE EVENTS   

We are a development stage company that
has not generated revenues and have therefore incurred significant net losses totaling $150.0 million since our inception in December
2008. We expect to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future, but intend to try to limit the extent of these losses
by entering into co-development or collaboration agreements with one or more strategic partners. On January 4, 2016, we distributed
to our shareholders the majority of our shares in Aytu, and since we no longer own a majority of Aytu s stock, our focus
will be solely on the Ampio products, Ampion and Optina, in fiscal 2016. 

Although we have raised capital in the
past with net proceeds of over $100 million in the past five years through the sale of common stock and warrants, we cannot assure
you that we will be able to secure such additional financing, if needed, or that it will be adequate to execute our business strategy.
Even if we obtain additional financing, it may be costly and may require us to agree to covenants or other provisions that will
favor new investors over existing shareholders. On September 1, 2016, we completed a registered direct offering. In the offering,
we issued directly to an institutional investor 5.0 million shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase up to 5.0 million
shares of our common stock. The common stock and warrants were sold in units, with each unit consisting of one share of common
stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock. Each unit was sold to the investor in this offering at a negotiated
price of $0.75 per unit generating gross proceeds of $3.75 million. The shares and the warrants were offered and sold pursuant
to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 which was declared effective by the SEC in January 2014. 

The investor warrants have an exercise
price of $1.00 per share and are immediately exercisable with a term of five years from issuance. In addition, the investor warrants
include provisions for the adjustment to the exercise price upon subsequent issuances of common stock at a price less than the
warrant exercise price and the investor is entitled to purchase additional shares, such that the aggregate purchase price of $5.0
million for the warrant shares remains unchanged. The investor warrants also include a provision for redemption at the Black-Scholes
value upon the request of the holder upon a change of control. Based on these additional divertive features of the investor warrants
they must be accounted for as a liability at fair value under ASC 480. On the date of issuance of these warrants they were valued
at $4.1 million and $4.0 million at September 30, 2016. The fair value adjustment of $88,000 is included in derivative expense
on the statement of operations. 

In connection with the offering the placement
agent received a 6% commission totaling $225,000 and 150,000 warrants with an exercise price of $0.9375 and a termination date
of September 1, 2021. We also incurred expenses related to legal, accounting, and other registration cost of $113,000. 

Our net cash proceeds for the registered
direct offering were $3.4 million. When the additional non-cash charges of $4.2 million related to the 5.0 million investor warrants
and the 150,000 placement agent warrants were offset against the net cash transaction proceeds this exceeded 100% of the proceeds
so we were required to take the additional cost above the transaction proceeds and recognize them as a loss on the day we entered
the transaction. The loss on the transaction was $804,000 and is included in derivative expense on the statement of operations. 

The Board of Directors determined that
this transaction that generated net cash proceeds of $3.4 million was in the best interest of the Company as we had less than six
months of cash based on our current burn rate when the transaction was completed, that raising money would give us time to advance
our clinical trial efforts and the absence of more favorable alternative sources of financing. 

We also have access to a $25.0 million
controlled equity offering which we used to generate $153,000 of gross proceeds by selling 163,254 common shares in the month of
August 2016. The placement agent received a fixed commission of 3.0% of the gross proceeds from the shares sold. We could use the
controlled equity offering to generate additional funding in the near future. 

ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Significant Accounting Policies and
Estimates   

Our financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of the financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates
its estimates and judgments, including those related to recoverability of long-lived assets, valuation analysis, useful lives
of assets, stock compensation and the valuation of the Aytu BioScience investment. Management bases its estimates and judgments
on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The methods, estimates,
and judgments used by us in applying these most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report
in our financial statements. Our significant accounting policies and estimates are included in our 2015 Annual Report reported
on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2016. 

Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

Information regarding the recently issued
accounting standards is in Note 1 of the Financial Statements. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Results of Operations September 30, 2016
Compared to September 30, 2015   

Results of operations for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 or the  2016 quarter  and the three months ended September 30, 2015 or the  2015
quarter  reflected net losses from continuing operations of approximately $4.0 million and $5.3 million, respectively. These
losses include in part non-cash charges related to stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, amortization of prepaid
research and development - related party, and derivative expense offset by the unrealized gain on trading securities collectively
in the amount of $1.5 million in the 2016 quarter and $1.1 million in the 2015 quarter. The non-cash charges increased in the
2016 quarter primarily due to the increase in derivative expense partially offset by the decrease in stock-based compensation
and warrant modification expense. 

20   

Results of operations for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 or the  2016 period  and the nine months ended September 30, 2015 or the  2015
period  reflected net losses from continuing operations of approximately $15.8 million and $16.8 million, respectively.
These losses include in part non-cash charges related to losses in our stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization,
amortization of prepaid research and development - related party, common stock issued for services, derivative expense, losses
in equity investment and unrealized gain on the trading security collectively in the amount of $4.1 million in the 2016 period
and $4.4 million in the 2015 period. The non-cash charges decreased in the 2016 period primarily due to the decrease in stock-based
compensation which were partially offset by the increase in depreciation and amortization, the unrealized gain on the trading
security, losses on the equity investment and derivative expense. 

On January 4, 2016, we completed the
spin-off of Aytu by distributing a majority of our shares of common stock of Aytu to our shareholders on a pro rata basis (see
Note 9   Discontinued Operations). This transaction changed our ownership from 81.5% to 8.6% of Aytu s outstanding
shares on that date. As of March 31 and June 30, 2016, we had significant influence over Aytu subsequent to the spin-off due
to the fact that our Chief Executive Officer was one of the three and one of four Aytu Board members, respectively. 

In May 2016, Aytu completed an offering
which was dilutive to the Aytu shares held by us. In July 2016, Aytu added a fifth Board member. In July 2016, we determined that our influence is no longer significant over Aytu s Board
of Direcors As of September 30, 2016, our ownership in Aytu s outstanding shares was 2.0%. We reclassified our remaining
investment in Aytu as a trading security, recorded at fair value on the balance sheet with the change in fair value recorded as
an unrealized gain on the statement of operations. 

Operating Expenses   

Research and Development   

Research and development costs are summarized
as follows: 

Costs of research and development expense
decreased $1.9 million, or 51.1%, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same quarter in 2015 and decreased
$1.8 million, or 16.7%, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease
in the 2016 quarter is primarily due to the decrease in clinical trials and sponsored research expenses as our Ampion PHASE III
PIVOT study was substantially completed on June 30, 2016. The decrease in the 2016 nine-month period is primarily due to a decrease
in clinical trials and sponsored research expenses and a decrease in stock-based compensation offset by an increase in consultants
and other. During the last quarter of 2016, we expect our clinical trials and sponsored research expense to continue to decline
as we concluded the Ampion PHASE III PIVOT study and we are evaluating future Ampion and Optina studies, as well as initial
pilot evaluations of Ampion in additional indications. 

21   

General and Administrative   

General and administrative costs are summarized
as follows: 

General and administrative costs decreased
$91,000, or 5.5%, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same quarter in 2015 and decreased $957,000, or
15.5%, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in the 2016 quarter
is primarily due to a decrease in stock-based compensation and patent costs partially offset by the increase in professional fees.
The decrease in the 2016 nine-month period is due to a decrease in stock-based compensation. We expect that our general and administrative
expense will remain fairly consistent during the last quarter of 2016. 

Loss from Continuing Operations

The loss from continuing operations for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of $4.0 million is less than the loss from continuing operations of $5.3 million for the
same quarter in 2015. The loss from continuing operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $15.8 million
is less than the loss from continuing operations of $16.8 million for the same period in 2015. As stated previously, we expect
our clinical trial expense to decline in the last quarter of 2016 as we concluded the Ampion PHASE III PIVOT study and evaluate
future Ampion and Optina studies, as well as initial pilot evaluations of Ampion in additional indications. We believe this could
make our loss from continuing operations slightly decline in the last quarter of 2016 compared to the September 30, 2016 quarter. 

Net Cash Used in Operating
Activities   

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, our operating activities used approximately $12.0 million in cash which was less than the net loss of $15.8 million
primarily as a result of the non-cash items such as stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, unrealized loss on
the trading security and derivative expense partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable. 

In the 2015 period, the use of cash was
$20.0 million which was less than the net loss of $23.1 million principally as a result of non-cash stock-based compensation partially
offset by the decrease in accounts payable. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities   

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2015, cash was used to acquire $109,000 of manufacturing machinery and equipment. 

Net Cash from Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by financing activities
in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 reflects gross proceeds from the registered direct offering and controlled equity
offering of $3.9 million with net proceeds of $3.5 million. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

We have not generated revenue as
our primary activities are focused on research and development, advancing our primary product candidates, and raising
capital. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $7.4 million available to fund our
operations and $2.4 million in accounts payable and accrued compensation (which includes approximately $996,000 of accrued
bonuses, payment of which is subject to FDA approval of Ampion and final Compensation Committee approval). Based upon our
current plans, we believe our capital resources at September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to fund our currently planned
operations into mid-2017. If we decide to complete another smaller Ampion trial in the first half of 2017 prior to filing our
BLA, we would need to generate approximately $10.0 million of additional funding to continue operations through 2017 and into
2018. This projection is based on a number of assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available cash
and cash equivalents earlier than presently anticipated. We will need additional capital within the next few months to fund
future operations, which may include funding for a new clinical trial for Ampion, and to maintain minimum cash balances that
we deem reasonable and prudent. We intend to evaluate the capital markets from time to time to determine when and how to
raise additional capital. 

We have prepared a budget for 2016 and
2017 which reflects cash requirements for fixed, on-going expenses such as payroll, legal and accounting, patents and overhead
at an average cash burn rate of approximately $800,000 per month. Additional funds are planned for regulatory approvals, clinical
trials, outsourced research and development and commercialization consulting. Accordingly, it will be necessary to raise additional
capital and/or enter into licensing or collaboration agreements in the near term. At this time, we expect to satisfy our future
cash needs through our Controlled Equity Offering TM  Sales Agreement that we entered into in February 2016, private or
public sales of our equity securities or convertible or straight debt financings. We cannot be certain that financing will be available
to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If obtained, such financing may result in substantial dilution to our stockholders or the
imposition of covenants and other terms or restrictions that may adversely affect our business or the manner in which we have operated
our company. Over the last three years, volatility in the financial markets has adversely affected the market capitalizations of
many pharmaceutical companies and generally made equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain, particularly for small biotechnology
companies, such as Ampio. This volatility, coupled with other factors, may limit our access to additional financing. 

22   

If we cannot raise adequate additional
capital in the future when we require it, we will be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our research
or development programs or our future commercialization efforts. We also may be required to relinquish greater or all rights to
product candidates at an earlier stage of development or on less favorable terms than we would otherwise choose. This may lead
to impairment or other charges, which could materially affect our balance sheet and operating results. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We do not have off-balance sheet arrangements,
financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as  variable interest entities . 

Item 3.  Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   

We are not currently exposed to material
market risk arising from financial instruments, changes in interest rates or commodity prices, or fluctuations in foreign currencies.
We have no need to hedge against any of the foregoing risks and therefore currently engage in no hedging activities. 

Item 4. Controls and
Procedures.   

As of the end of the period covered by
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we
file or furnish under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and regulations, and are operating in an effective manner. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There were no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.

As previously disclosed, on May 8, 2015
and May 14, 2015, purported stockholders of the Company brought two putative class action lawsuits in the United States District
Court in the Central District of California, Napoli v. Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., Case No. 2:15-cv-03474-TJH and Stein
v. Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., Case No. 2:15-cv-03640-TJH (the  Securities Class Actions ), alleging that
Ampio and certain of its current and former officers violated federal securities laws by misrepresenting and/or omitting information
regarding the STEP study. The cases were consolidated, and on February 8, 2016, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint
alleging claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ) and Sections 11 and 15 under the Securities Act of 1933 on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of common stock
from January 13, 2014 through August 21, 2014, including purchasers in the Company s offering on February 28, 2014. On April
8, 2016, Ampio and the other defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint. The Court granted the motion to dismiss,
with leave to amend, on August 4, 2016. On September 27, 2016, plaintiffs filed their second amended complaint, alleging the same
claims set forth in the consolidated amended complaint during the same class period. The lawsuits seek unspecified damages, pre-judgment
and post-judgment interest, and attorneys  fees and costs. 

23   

On August 6, 2015 and September 25, 2015,
purported stockholders of the Company brought derivative actions in the United States District Court in the Central District of
California, Oglina v. Macaluso et al., Case No. 2:15-cv-05970-TJH-PJW ( Oglina action ) and the Colorado state court
in Denver, Loyd v. Giles et al., Case No. 2015CV33429 ( Loyd action ), alleging primarily that the directors and officers
of Ampio breached their fiduciary duties because of their alleged misstatements and/or omissions regarding the STEP study. Pursuant
to the parties  stipulation, the United States District Court in the Central District of California has stayed the proceedings
in the Oglina action at the present time in accordance with the terms of the parties  stipulation. Pursuant to the parties 
stipulation, the Colorado state court in Denver has stayed the Loyd action at the present time in accordance with the terms of
the parties  stipulation. 

The Company believes these claims are without
merit and intends to defend these lawsuits vigorously. The Company currently believes the likelihood of a loss contingency related
to these matters is remote and, therefore, no provision for a loss contingency is required. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.

We operate in a rapidly changing environment
that involves a number of risks that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results, some of which
are beyond our control. In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully
consider the factors in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015, as filed with the SEC, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. During the period
covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there were no material changes to the risk factors described in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

None. 

Item 3.  Defaults
Upon Senior Securities.   

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures.   

None. 

Item 5. Other Information.

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.

Exhibit  
          Number  

Description  

4.1  
       
      Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock. (1)   
 
          4.2  
       
      Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock. (1)   
 
        10.1  
       
      Purchase Agreement between Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the investor named therein, dated August 29, 2016. (1)   

31.1  
       
      Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
       
      Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1  
       
      Certificate of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*.   

101  
       
      XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language). The following materials from Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in XBRL: (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of Operations, (iii) the Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit), (iv) the Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Financial Statements.   

*  The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompanying
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, shall not be deemed  filed  by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

24   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

By:  
      /s/ Michael Macaluso   

Michael Macaluso    

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer      

Date: November 8, 2016      

By:  
      /s/ Gregory A. Gould   

Gregory A. Gould      

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and    

Secretary      

Date: November 8, 2016    

25   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451088_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

  Certification by Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Michael Macaluso certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Michael Macaluso 

By:  
       Michael Macaluso    

Title:    
               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer             

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451088_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

  Certification by Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Gregory A Gould, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 8, 2016  

/s/ Gregory A. Gould 

By:  
       Gregory A. Gould    

Title:    
               Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary         

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451088_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as Adopted   

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002   

In connection with the filing of the quarterly report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) by Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ),
each of the undersigned hereby certifies that: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated: November 8, 2016  
      /s/ Michael Macaluso   

Michael Macaluso    

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer    

Dated: November 8, 2016  
      /s/ Gregory A. Gould   

Gregory A. Gould    

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ampe-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ampe-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ampe-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ampe-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ampe-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ampe-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

