<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1622353_0001144204-16-132428_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8139702</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>188211</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>413105</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2110141</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3841094</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1426249</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>87</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132428.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108161624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132428
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jernigan Capital, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001622353
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				471978772
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36892
		FILM NUMBER:		161981472

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6410 POPLAR AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 650
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		901.567.9522

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6410 POPLAR AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 650
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132428.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 v451477_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from                               
 to                                  

001-36892  

  (Commission file number)   

JERNIGAN CAPITAL, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Maryland 
       
     47-1978772  
 
       State or other jurisdiction  
          of incorporation or organization   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

(901) 567-9510 

  Registrant s telephone number,
including area code  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such report(s), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 Yes     x    No        

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes     x     No        

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check
one): 

Large accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer      
 
      Non-accelerated filer   x  
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
     Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes          No     x  

As of November 8, 2016, Jernigan Capital, Inc. had 5,960,043
shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

Page   

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
       
     3  

Item 1. Financial Statements  
       
     3  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
     31  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       
     44  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
       
     44  

PART II.  Other information  
       
     45  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
       
     45  

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
       
     45  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       
     45  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       
     46  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
     46  

Item 5. Other Information  
       
     46  

Item 6. Exhibits  
       
     46  

In this quarterly report on Form 10-Q ( report ),
unless the context indicates otherwise, references to  Jernigan Capital,   we,   the Company, 
 our  and  us  refer to the activities of and the assets and liabilities of the business and operations
of Jernigan Capital, Inc.;  Operating Company  refers to Jernigan Capital Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company; and  our Manager  refers to JCap Advisors, LLC, a Florida limited liability company.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

JERNIGAN CAPITAL, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (in thousands, except share data)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements.  

JERNIGAN CAPITAL, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

  (in thousands, except per share data)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements.  

JERNIGAN CAPITAL, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY  

  (Unaudited)  

  (in thousands, except share data)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

JERNIGAN CAPITAL, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

  (Dollars in thousands)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements.  

JERNIGAN CAPITAL, INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

  (in thousands, except share and per
share data, percentages and as otherwise indicated)  

1. ORGANIZATION AND FORMATION OF THE COMPANY  

Jernigan Capital, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries,
the  Company ) makes debt and equity investments in newly-constructed and existing self-storage facilities. The Company
is a Maryland corporation that was organized on October 1, 2014. The Company closed its initial public offering of its common
stock (the  IPO ) on April 1, 2015, and has used proceeds of the IPO primarily to fund real estate loans to private
developers, owners and operators of self-storage facilities. The Company is structured as an Umbrella Partnership REIT ( UPREIT )
and conducts its investment activities through its operating company, Jernigan Capital Operating Company, LLC (the  Operating
Company ). The Company is externally managed by JCAP Advisors, LLC (the  Manager ). 

The Company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment
trust ( REIT ) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the  Code ), as amended. As a REIT, the Company
generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction
for dividends paid and excluded capital gains, to the extent that it annually distributes all of its REIT taxable income to stockholders
and complies with various other requirements for qualification as a REIT set forth in the Code. 

2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation  

The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The accompanying
interim consolidated financial statements include all normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary
for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods included therein. Substantially all operations are conducted through
the Operating Company and all significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Reclassification  

In the Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet $1.5 million of prepaid
expenses and other assets, which included $1.2 million of other loan assets recorded at cost. In this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, we have reported the $1.2 million of other loans recorded at cost separately from prepaid expenses and other assets on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Variable Interest Entities  

The Company invests in entities that may qualify as variable
interest entities ( VIEs ). A VIE is a legal entity that lacks one or more of the characteristics of a voting interest
entity. A VIE is defined as an entity in which equity investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest
or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support
from other parties. The determination of whether an entity is a VIE includes both a qualitative and quantitative analysis. Management
bases the qualitative analysis on its review of the design of the entity, its organizational structure including allocation of
decision-making authority and relevant financial agreements and the quantitative analysis on the forecasted cash flow of the entity.
Management reassesses the initial evaluation of an entity as a VIE upon the occurrence of certain reconsideration events. 

A VIE must be consolidated only by its primary beneficiary,
which is defined as the party that, along with its affiliates and agents, has both the: (i) power to direct the activities
that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (ii) obligation to absorb the losses of the VIE or
the right to receive the benefits from the VIE, which could be significant to the VIE. Management determines whether the Company
is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by considering qualitative and quantitative factors, including, but not limited to: which
activities most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and which party controls such activities; the amount
and characteristics of its investment; the obligation or likelihood for the Company or other interests to provide financial support;
consideration of the VIE s purpose and design, including the risks the VIE was designed to create and pass through to its
variable interest holders and the similarity with and significance to the Company s business activities and the other interests.
Management reassesses the determination of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE each reporting period. 

Equity Investments  

Investments in real estate ventures and entities over which
the Company exercises significant influence but not control are accounted for using the equity method. In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 825,  Financial Instruments  ( ASC 825-10 ), issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), the Company has elected the fair value option of accounting for its development
property investments, which would otherwise be required to be accounted for under the equity method. The Company also holds an
investment in a real estate venture that is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 

Loan Investments and Election of Fair Value Option of Accounting
for Certain Loan Investments  

The Company has elected the fair value option of accounting
for all of its investment portfolio loan investments, including those that are required under GAAP to be accounted for under the
equity method, in order to provide stockholders and others who rely on the Company s financial statements with a more complete
and accurate understanding of the Company s economic performance including its revenues and value inherent in the Company s
equity participation in development projects. Changes in the fair value of these investments are recorded in change in fair value
of investments within other income. All direct loan costs are charged to expense as incurred. 

Each loan investment, including those recorded at cost and presented
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as other loans, is evaluated for impairment on a periodic basis.  The
Company also periodically evaluates the extent and impact of any credit deterioration associated with the performance and/or value
of the underlying collateral property as well as the financial and operating capability of the borrower on a loan by loan basis.
The Company also evaluates the financial wherewithal of any loan guarantors as well as the borrower s competency in managing
and operating the property. In addition, the Company considers the overall economic environment, real estate sector and geographic
sub-market in which the borrower operates.  A loan will be considered impaired when, based on current information and events,
it is probable that the loan will not be collected according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors to be considered
by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal
and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified
as impaired. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no loans in default. 

Fair Value Measurement  

The Company carries certain financial instruments at fair value
because it has elected to apply the fair value option on an instrument by instrument basis under ASC 825-10. The Company s
financial instruments consist of cash, development property investments (which are typically comprised of a first mortgage loan,
a mezzanine loan, and a 49.9% profits interest in the development project), operating property loans (loans secured by operating
properties), the investment in real estate venture, other loans, receivables, senior loan participations, and payables. 

The following table presents the financial instruments measured
at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016: 

The following table presents the financial instruments measured
at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2015: 

Estimating fair value requires the use of judgment. The types
of judgments involved depend upon the availability of observable market information. Management s judgments include determining
the appropriate valuation model to use, estimating unobservable inputs and applying valuation adjustments. See Note 4,  Fair
Value of Financial Instruments , for additional disclosure on the valuation methodology and significant assumptions, as well
as the election of the fair value option for certain financial instruments. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash, investments in money market accounts and certificates
of deposit with original maturities of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. The Company places its cash
and cash equivalents primarily with two financial institutions and, at times, cash held may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation insurance limit.  

Other Loans  

The Company s other loans balance at September 30, 2016
includes principal balances for five revolving loan agreements and four mortgage loans. The Company s other loans balance
at December 31, 2015 includes principal balances for three revolving loan agreements and one mortgage loan. Because these loans
are not part of the Company s core investment portfolio, these loans are accounted for under the cost method. 

Fixed Assets  

Fixed assets are recorded at cost and consist of furniture,
office and computer equipment, and software. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
of the related assets, which range from three to seven years. Fixed assets are generally purchased by the Manager and the cost
reimbursed by the Company. Maintenance and repair costs are charged to expense as incurred. Upon sale or retirement, the asset
cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the respective accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included
in income. 

Revenue recognition  

Interest income is recognized as earned on a simple interest
basis and is reported in interest income from investments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Accrual of interest will
be discontinued on a loan when management believes, after considering economic and business conditions and collection efforts,
that the borrower s financial condition is such that collection of interest is doubtful. The Company will recognize income
on impaired loans when they are placed into non-accrual status on a cash basis when the loans are both current and the collateral
on the loan is sufficient to cover the outstanding obligation to the Company. If these factors do not exist, the Company will not
recognize income on such loans. Accrued interest generally is reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status.  

The Company s loan origination fees are accreted into
interest income over the term of the investment using the effective yield method. 

Transaction and other expenses  

Transaction and other expenses consist of non-capitalizable
advisory fees and other unreimbursed expenses incurred in connection with various financing and investment transactions and are
expensed as incurred. During the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred $2 thousand and $2.1
million, respectively, of transaction and other expenses. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company
incurred $0.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively. 

Offering and Registration Costs  

Underwriting commissions and offering costs incurred in connection
with the Company s stock offerings are reflected as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. Costs to prepare and file
a registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission and costs incurred related to the Series A Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement (defined in Note 9,  Stockholders  Equity ) are included in deferred offering costs on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet and will be reclassified to additional paid-in capital or to reduce the carrying value of debt upon
the issuance of such securities. These costs will be charged to expense in the event such registration statement or purchase agreement
is withdrawn or not used. Offering and registration costs represent professional fees, fees paid to various regulatory agencies,
and other costs incurred in connection with the registration and sale of the Company s securities. 

Organization Costs  

Costs incurred to organize the Company were expensed as incurred. 

Restructuring Costs  

Restructuring costs consist of severance and benefits costs,
lease termination costs, and other costs incurred by the Company in conjunction with consolidating its offices and moving its
corporate headquarters. The Company recognizes these severance and other charges when the requirements of ASC 420,  Exit or
Disposal Cost Obligations  ( ASC 420 ), have been met regarding a plan of termination and when communication has
been made to employees. All restructuring activities were completed during the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

Income Taxes  

The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT and to comply
with the related provisions of the Code. Accordingly, the Company will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax to
the extent of its distributions to stockholders and as long as certain asset, income and share ownership tests are met. The Company
had no taxable income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. To qualify as a REIT, the Company must
annually distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income to its stockholders and meet certain other requirements. 

Earnings per Share ( EPS )  

Basic EPS includes only the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS includes the weighted average number of common shares and the dilutive effect
of restricted stock and redeemable Operating Company units when such instruments are dilutive. 

All outstanding unvested share-based payment awards that contain
rights to nonforfeitable dividends are treated as participating in undistributed earnings with common shareholders. Awards of
this nature are considered participating securities and the two-class method of computing basic and diluted EPS must be applied. 

Comprehensive Income  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, comprehensive income equaled net income; therefore, separate Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income are not included
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Segment Reporting  

The Company does not evaluate performance on a relationship
specific or transactional basis and does not distinguish its principal business or group its operations on a geographical basis
for purposes of measuring performance. Accordingly, the Company believes it has a single operating segment for reporting purposes
in accordance with GAAP. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the FASB
issued  Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )  2016-15 , Statement of Cash
Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . This ASU provides guidance on
the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows, including distributions received from
equity method investees.  This guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years and for interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption being allowed .
 The Company is currently assessing the impact this new accounting guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements .  

In June 2016, the FASB
 issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments . This ASU significantly changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and
certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. This guidance is effective for public business
entities for fiscal years and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption
being allowed as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 .  The Company
is currently assessing the impact this new accounting guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements .  

In March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvement to Employee Share-based
Payment Accounting.  This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including
the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash
flows.  This guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years and for interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption being allowed .  The Company
is currently assessing the impact this new accounting guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements .  

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest-Imputation
of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . This guidance simplifies the presentation
of debt issuance costs by requiring that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a deduction from the carrying
amount of the related debt liability, consistent with debt discount or premiums. The recognition guidance for debt issuance costs
is not affected by amendments in this update. This guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years and for
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption being allowed. The adoption of
this ASU did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Amendments
to the Consolidation Analysis . This ASU amends the assessment of whether a limited partnership or limited liability company
is a variable interest entity; the effect that fees paid to a decision maker have on the consolidation analysis; how variable interests
held by a reporting entity s related parties or de facto agents affect its consolidation conclusion; and for entities other
than limited partnerships and limited liability companies, clarifies how to determine whether the equity holders as a group have
power over an entity. This guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years and for interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption being allowed. The Company early adopted the provisions of
this ASU in 2015, and there was no impact on its consolidated financial statements as a result of the adoption. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation
of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern . This ASU requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued
(or available to be issued when applicable) and, if so, disclose that fact. This ASU is effective for annual periods ending after
December 15, 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for
annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been issued. The adoption of this guidance
is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning
on or after December 15, 2016. In August 2015, the FASB extended the effective date by one year to years beginning on and after
December 15, 2017. The standard may be adopted as early as the original effective date but early adoption prior to that date is
not permitted. This ASU outlines a new, single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts
with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry specific guidance. In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, 
as an amendment to ASU 2014-09. This amendment clarifies how to identify the unit of accounting for the principal versus agent
evaluation, how to apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements, such as service transactions, and reframed the
indicators in the guidance to focus on evidence that an entity is acting as a principal rather than as an agent. In April 2016
and May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing,  and ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical
Expedients,  respectively. ASU 2016-10 clarifies the existing guidance on identifying performance obligations and licensing
implementation. ASU 2016-12 adds practical expedients related to the transition for contract modifications and further defines
a completed contract, clarifies the objective of the collectability assessment and how revenue is recognized if collectability
is not probable, and when non-cash considerations should be measured. The Company is currently assessing the impact these standards
will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

3. INVESTMENTS  

The Company s self-storage investments at September 30,
2016 consisted of the following: 

Development
                                         Property Investments  - The Company had 12 investments totaling an aggregate committed
                                         principal amount of approximately $89.4 million to finance the ground-up construction
                                         of, or conversion of existing buildings into, self-storage facilities. Each development
                                         property investment is funded over time as the developer constructs the project. Each
                                         development property investment is typically comprised of a first mortgage loan, a mezzanine
                                         loan, and a 49.9% interest in the positive cash flows (including the sale and refinancing
                                         proceeds after debt repayment) of the project. The loans are secured by the first mortgages
                                         on the projects and first priority security interests in the membership interests of
                                         the owners of the projects. Loans comprising development property investments are non-recourse
                                         with customary carve-outs and subject to completion guaranties, are interest-only with
                                         a fixed interest rate of 6.9% per annum and have a term of 72 months.   

The Company also had four construction loan investments
totaling an aggregate committed principal amount of approximately $36.8 million, each of which has a term of 18 months. Each construction
loan is interest-only at a fixed interest rate of 6.9% per annum, has no equity participation and is secured by a first priority
mortgage or deed of trust on the project. Each of these construction loans is subject to a purchase and sale agreement between
the developer and a third-party purchaser, containing certain conditions, pursuant to which the financed project is anticipated
to be sold and our loan repaid on or about the time a certificate of occupancy is issued for the financed self-storage facility. 

Operating property loans  - The Company had five term loans totaling $15.0 million of aggregate committed principal amount,
the proceeds of which were used by borrowers to finance the acquisition of, refinance existing indebtedness on, or recapitalize
operating self-storage facilities. These loans are secured by first mortgages on the projects financed, are interest-only with
fixed interest rates ranging from 5.85% to 6.9% per annum, and generally have a term of 72 months.   

The Company s development property investments and operating
property loans are collectively referred to herein as the Company s investment portfolio. 

As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate committed principal
amount of the Company s investment portfolio was approximately $141.2 million and outstanding principal was $86.2 million,
as described in more detail in the table below:   

(1)    Represents principal balance of loan gross of origination
fees 

(2)    Facility had received certificate of occupancy as of September
30, 2016. See Note 4,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments , for information regarding recognition of entrepreneurial profit. 

(3)    Facility had achieved at least 40% construction completion
but had not received certificate of occupancy as of September 30, 2016. See Note 4,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments ,
for information regarding recognition of entrepreneurial profit. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the funded
principal to the fair market value of investments at September 30, 2016: 

As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate committed principal
amount of the Company s investment portfolio was approximately $175.7 million and outstanding principal was $60.7 million,
as described in more detail in the table below:  

(1)    Represents principal balance of loan gross of origination
fees 

(2)    These development property investments (having approximately
$8.1 million of outstanding principal balances as of the time of contribution on March 31, 2016) were contributed to the SL1 Venture
(defined in Note 5,  Investment in Real Estate Venture ) in partial satisfaction of the Company s required $12.2 million
capital commitment to the SL1 Venture. See Note 5,  Investment in Real Estate Venture.  

The following table provides a reconciliation of the funded
principal to the fair market value of investments at December 31, 2015: 

The Company has elected the fair value option of accounting
for all of its investment portfolio investments in order to provide stockholders and others who rely on the Company s financial
statements with a more complete and accurate understanding of the Company s economic performance, including its revenues
and value inherent in its equity participation in development projects. See Note 4,  Fair Value of Financial Instruments ,
for additional disclosure on the valuation methodology and significant assumptions. 

On May 9, 2016, the Company received $5.6 million (including
a prepayment penalty of $0.1 million recognized in interest income from investments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations)
for the early payoff of an operating property loan in the Sacramento, California MSA. 

No loans were in non-accrual status as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

All of the Company s development property investments
with a profits interest would have been accounted for under the equity method had the Company not elected the fair value option.
For the development property investments with a profits interest, the assets and liabilities of the equity method investees approximated
$61.9 million and $52.1 million, respectively, at September 30, 2016 and approximated $44.4 million and $31.2 million, respectively,
at December 31, 2015. These investees had revenues of approximately $0.3 million and a net operating loss of approximately $0.6
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These investees had no significant revenues or expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 since the development properties were under construction during this period. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the total income (interest income and change in fair value) from each of two development property investments
with a profits interest exceeded 20% of the Company s net income. The Company recorded total income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 of $2.8 million from the Atlanta 1 MSA development property investment with a profits interest and $3.3 million
from the Atlanta 2 MSA development property investment with a profits interest. 

For one of the Company s development property investments
with a profits interest, an investor has an option to put its interest to the Company upon the event of default of the underlying
property loans. The put, if exercised, requires the Company to purchase the member s interest at the original purchase price
plus a yield of 4.5% on such purchase price. The Company concluded that the likelihood of loss is remote and assigned no value
to this put provision at September 30, 2016. 

4. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

The fair value option under ASC 825-10 allows companies to
elect to report selected financial assets and liabilities at fair value. The Company has elected the fair value option of accounting
for its development property investments and operating property loan investments in order to provide stockholders and others who
rely on the Company s financial statements with a more complete and accurate understanding of the Company s economic
performance, including its revenues and value inherent in its equity participation in self-storage development projects. 

The Company applies ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ), which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance
with GAAP and expands disclosure of fair value measurements. ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received for
an investment in a current sale, which assumes an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC
820 requires the Company to assume that the investment is sold in its principal market to market participants or, in the absence
of a principal market, the most advantageous market, which may be a hypothetical market. Market participants are defined as buyers
and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact.
In accordance with ASC 820, the Company has considered its principal market as the market for the purchase and sale of self-storage
properties, which the Company believes would be the most likely market for the Company s loan investments given the nature
of the collateral securing such loans and the types of borrowers. ASC 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based
on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. In accordance with ASC 820, these inputs are
summarized in the three broad levels listed below:   

Level 1 - 
     Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market.  

Level 2 - 
      Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on the following: (i) Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; (ii) Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets; (iii) Pricing models whose inputs are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 - 
     Prices or valuation techniques based on inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.  

The carrying values of cash, other loans, receivables, senior
loan participations and payables approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature or due to a variable interest rate.
These instruments are categorized as Level 1 instruments in the measurement of fair value. The below table summarizes the valuation
techniques and inputs used to measure the fair value of items categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Instrument  
       
      Valuation technique and assumptions  
       
      Hierarchy classification   

Development property investments 
       
     Valuations are based using an Income Approach analysis, using the discounted cash flow method model, capturing the prepayment
    penalty / call price schedule as applicable.  The valuation models are calibrated to the total investment net drawn amount
    as of the issuance date. 
       
     Level 3  

Development property investments with a profits interest    (a)   
       
     Valuations are based using an Income Approach analysis, using the discounted cash flow method model, capturing the prepayment
    penalty / call price schedule as applicable. The valuation models are calibrated to the total investment net drawn amount
    as of the issuance date factoring in the value of the profits interests. 
       
     Level 3  

An option-pricing method (OPM) framework is utilized to calculate the value of the profits interests. 

Operating property loans 
       
     Valuations are based using an Income Approach analysis, using the discounted cash flow method model, capturing the prepayment
    penalty / call price schedule as applicable.  
       
     Level 3  

(a)    Certain of the Company's development property investments
include profits interests. 

The Company s development property investments and operating
property loan investments are valued using two different valuation techniques. The first valuation technique is an income approach
analysis of the debt instrument components of the Company s investments. The second valuation technique is an option pricing
model that is used to determine the fair value of any profits interests associated with an investment. The valuation models are
calibrated to the total investment net drawn amount as of the issuance date factoring in the value of the profits interests. At
the issuance date of each development property investment, generally the value of the property underlying such investment approximates
the sum of the net investment drawn amount plus the developer s equity investment. 

For development property investments with a profits interest,
at a certain stage of construction, the option pricing method incorporates an adjustment to measure entrepreneurial profit. Entrepreneurial
profit is a monetary return above total construction costs that provides compensation for the risk of a development project. Under
this method, the value of each property is estimated based on the cost incurred to date, plus an estimated earned entrepreneurial
profit.  Total entrepreneurial profit is estimated as the difference between the projected value of a property at stabilization
and the total development costs, including land, building improvements, and lease-up costs.  Utilizing information obtained
from the market coupled with the Company s own experience, the Company has estimated that in most cases, approximately one-third
of the entrepreneurial profit is earned during the construction period beginning when construction is approximately 40% complete
and ending when construction is 100% complete, and approximately two-thirds of the entrepreneurial profit is earned from construction
completion through stabilization. For properties between 40% and 100% complete, the Company has estimated the entrepreneurial
profit adjustment to the enterprise value input used in the option pricing model to be equal to one-third of the estimated entrepreneurial
profit, allocated on a straight-line basis. Six properties have reached construction completion at September 30, 2016. For the
Company s development property investments at or around completion of construction, a discounted cash flow model, based
on periodically updated estimates of rental rates, occupancy and operating expenses, is the primary method for projecting value
of a project. The Company also will consider inputs such as appraisals which differ from the developer s equity investment,
bona fide third-party offers to purchase development projects, sales of development projects, or sales of comparable properties
in its markets. 

Level 3 Fair Value Measurements  

The following tables summarize the significant unobservable
inputs the Company used to value its investments categorized within Level 3 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.
These tables are not intended to be all-inclusive, but instead to capture the significant unobservable inputs relevant to the
Company s determination of fair values. 

(a)   The valuation technique for the development property investments
with a profits interest does not differ from the development property investments without a profits interest. The development
property investments with a profits interest only require incremental valuation techniques to determine the value of the profits
interest. Therefore this line only focuses on the profits interest valuation. 

(b)   Ten properties were 40% - 100% complete, thus requiring
a capitalization rate to derive entrepreneurial profit. Capitalization rates are estimated based on current data derived from
independent sources in the markets in which the Company holds investments. 

(c)   The exit dates for the operating property loans are the
contractual maturity dates. 

(a)   The valuation technique for the development property investments
with a profits interest does not differ from the development property investments without a profits interest. The development
property investments with a profits interest only require incremental valuation techniques to determine the value of the profits
interest. Therefore this line only focuses on the profits interest valuation. 

(b)   Four properties were 40% - 100% complete, thus requiring
a capitalization rate to derive entrepreneurial profit. Capitalization rates are estimated based on current data derived from
independent sources in the markets in which the Company holds investments. 

(c)   The exit dates for the operating property loans are the
contractual maturity dates. 

The fair value measurements are sensitive to changes in unobservable
inputs. A change in those inputs to a different amount might result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement.
The following provides a discussion of the impact of changes in each of the unobservable inputs on the fair value measurement.  

Market yields - changes in market yields and discount rates,
each in isolation, may change the fair value of certain of the Company s investments. Generally, an increase in market yields
or discount rates may result in a decrease in the fair value of certain of the Company s investments. The following fluctuations
in the market yields/discount rates would have had the following impact on the fair value of our investments:  

Capitalization rate - changes in capitalization rate, in isolation
and all else equal, may change the fair value of certain of the Company s development investments containing profits interests.
Generally an increase in the capitalization rate assumption may result in a decrease in the fair value of the entrepreneurial
profit associated with certain of the Company s investments. The following fluctuations in the capitalization rates would
have had the following impact on the fair value of our investments: 

Exit date - changes in exit date, in isolation and all else
equal, may change the fair value of certain of the Company s investments that have profits interests. Generally, an acceleration
in the exit date assumption may result in an increase in the fair value of the profits interests in certain of the Company s
investments. 

Volatility - changes in volatility, in isolation and all else
equal, may change the fair value of certain of the Company s investments that have profits interests. Generally, an increase
in volatility may result in an increase in the fair value of the profits interests in certain of the Company s investments. 

Operating cash flow projections   changes in the operating
cash flow projections of the underlying self-storage facilities, in isolation and all else equal, may change the fair value of
certain of the Company s investments that have profits interests. Generally, an increase in operating cash flow projections
may result in an increase in the fair value of the profits interests in certain of the Company s investments. 

The Company also evaluates the impact of changes in instrument-specific
credit risk in determining the fair value of investments. There were no gains or losses attributable to changes in instrument-specific
credit risk in the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value
of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may fluctuate
from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of the Company s investments may differ significantly from the values
that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that the Company
may ultimately realize. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise
are less liquid than publicly traded securities. If the Company was required to liquidate an investment in a forced or liquidation
sale, it could realize significantly less than the value at which the Company has recorded it. In addition, changes in the market
environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized
on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected in the valuations currently assigned. 

The following table presents changes in investments that use
Level 3 inputs for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total net
unrealized appreciation on the investments that use Level 3 inputs was $15.1 million and $0.9 million, respectively. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, all of the change in fair value of investments in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations was attributable
to unrealized gains relating to the Company s Level 3 assets still held as of the respective balance sheet date. 

Transfers between levels, if any, are recognized at the beginning
of the quarter in which the transfers occur. 

5. INVESTMENT IN REAL ESTATE VENTURE  

On March 7, 2016, the Company, through its Operating Company,
entered into the Limited Liability Company Agreement (the  JV Agreement ) of Storage Lenders LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, to form a real estate venture (the  SL1 Venture ) with HVP III Storage Lenders Investor, LLC ( HVP
III ), an investment vehicle managed by Heitman Capital Management LLC ( Heitman ). The SL1 Venture was formed
for the purpose of providing capital to developers of self-storage facilities identified and underwritten by the Company. HVP
III committed $110.0 million for a 90% interest in the SL1 Venture, and the Company committed $12.2 million for a 10% interest. 

On March 31, 2016, the Company contributed to the SL1 Venture
three of its existing development property investments with a profits interest located in Miami and Fort Lauderdale, Florida that
were not yet under construction. These investments had an aggregate committed principal amount of approximately $41.9 million
and an aggregate drawn balance of $8.1 million. In exchange, the Company s funding commitment of $12.2 million was reduced
by $8.1 million, representing the Company s initial  Net Invested Capital  balance as defined in the JV Agreement.
The Company accounted for this contribution in accordance with ASC 845,  Nonmonetary Transactions , and recorded an investment
in the SL1 Venture based on the fair value of the contributed development property investments, which is the same as carryover
basis. The fair value of the contributed development property investments as of March 31, 2016 was $7.7 million. Pursuant to the
JV Agreement, Heitman, in fulfilling its $110.0 million commitment, provides capital to the SL1 Venture as cash is required, including
funding draws on the three contributed development property investments. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, HVP III
and the Company agreed to true up the balances in the respective members  capital accounts to be in accordance with the
90% commitment and 10% commitment made by HVP III and the Company, respectively. Accordingly, during the three months ended September
30, 2016, HVP III contributed cash of $7.3 million to the SL1 Venture, and the Company received a $7.3 million cash distribution
as a return of its capital. 

Under the JV Agreement, the Company will receive a priority
distribution (after debt service and any reserve but before any other distributions) out of operating cash flow and residual distributions
based upon 1% of the committed principal amount of loans made by the SL1 Venture, exclusive of the loans contributed to the SL1
Venture by the Company. Operating cash flow of the SL1 Venture (after debt service, reserves and the foregoing priority distributions)
will be distributed in accordance with capital commitments. Residual cash flow from capital and other events (after debt service,
reserves and priority distributions) will be distributed (i) pro rata in accordance with capital commitments (its  Percentage
Interest ) until each member has received a return of all capital contributed; (ii) pro rata in accordance with each member s
Percentage Interest until Heitman has achieved a 14% internal rate of return; (iii) to Heitman in an amount equal to its Percentage
Interest less 10% and to the Company in an amount equal to the Company s Percentage Interest plus 10% until Heitman has
achieved a 17% internal rate of return; (iv) to Heitman in an amount equal to its Percentage Interest less 20% and to the Company
in an amount equal to the Company s Percentage Interest plus 20% until Heitman has achieved a 20% internal rate of return;
and (v) any excess to Heitman in an amount equal to its Percentage Interest less 30% and to the Company in an amount equal to
the Company s Percentage Interest plus 30%. However, the Company will not be entitled to any such promoted interest prior
to the earlier to occur of the third anniversary of the JV Agreement and Heitman receiving distributions to the extent necessary
to provide Heitman with a 1.48 multiple on its contributed capital. 

Since the allocation of cash distributions and liquidating
distributions are determined as described in the preceding paragraph, the Company has applied the hypothetical-liquidation-at-book-value
( HLBV ) method to allocate the earnings of SL1 Venture. Under the HLBV approach, the Company s share of the
investee s earnings or loss is calculated by: 

The Company s
                                         capital account at the end of the period assuming that the investee was liquidated or
                                         sold at book value, plus   

Cash distributions
                                         received by the Company during the period, minus   

Cash contributions
                                         made by the Company during the period, minus   

The Company s
                                         capital account at the beginning of the period assuming that the investee were liquidated
                                         or sold at book value.   

SL1 Venture has elected the fair value option of accounting
for its development property investments with a profits interest, which are equity method investments of SL1 Venture. The assumptions
used to value SL1 Venture s investments are materially consistent with those used to value the Company s investments.
As of September 30, 2016, SL1 Venture had ten development property investments with a profits interest as described in more detail
in the table below: 

(1)    Represents principal balance of loan gross of origination
fees 

(2)    These development property investments (having approximately
$8.1 million of outstanding principal at contribution) were contributed to the SL1 Venture on March 31, 2016 by the Company. 

As of September 30, 2016, the SL1 Venture had total assets
of $22.2 million and total liabilities of $0.1 million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the SL1 Venture
had net income of $0.4 million and $0.8 million, respectively, all of which was allocated to the Company under the HLBV method.
At September 30, 2016, $0.2 million of transaction expenses were included in the carrying amount of the Company s investment
in the SL1 Venture. Additionally, the Company may from time to time make advances to the SL1 Venture. At September 30, 2016, the
Company did not have any outstanding advances to the SL1 Venture. 

In accordance with the JV Agreement, for each development property
investment, the borrower must deliver to the SL1 Venture a completion guarantee whereby the borrower agrees to cover all costs
in excess of the agreed-upon budget amount. Additionally, the Company is required to deliver to the SL1 Venture a backstop completion
guarantee for each development property investment to guarantee completion in the event the borrower does not satisfy its obligations.
The Company concluded that the likelihood of loss is remote and assigned no value to this guarantee as of September 30, 2016. 

Under the JV Agreement, Heitman and the Company will seek to
obtain and, if obtained, will share joint rights of first refusal to acquire self-storage facilities that are the subject of development
property investments made by the SL1 Venture. Additionally, so long as the Company, through its operating subsidiary, is a member
of the SL1 Venture and the SL1 Venture holds any assets, the Company will not make any investment of debt or equity or otherwise,
directly or indirectly, in one or more new joint ventures or similar programs for the purposes of funding or providing development
loans or financing, directly or indirectly, for the development, construction or conversion of self-storage facilities, in each
case without first offering such opportunity to Heitman to participate on substantially the same terms as those set forth in the
JV Agreement, either through the SL1 Venture or a newly formed real estate venture. 

The JV Agreement permits Heitman to cause the Company to repurchase
from Heitman its Developer Equity Interests (as defined in the JV Agreement) in certain limited circumstances. Under the JV Agreement,
if a developer causes to be refinanced a self-storage facility with respect to which the SL1 Venture has made a development property
investment and such refinancing does not coincide with a sale of the underlying self-storage facility, then at any time after
the fourth anniversary of the commencement of the SL1 Venture, Heitman may either put to the Company its share of the Developer
Equity Interests in respect of each such development property investment, or sell Heitman s Developer Equity Interests to
a third party. The Company concluded that the likelihood of loss is remote and assigned no value to the put. 

The Company is the managing member of the SL1 Venture and will
manage and administer (i) the day-to-day business and affairs of the SL1 Venture and any of its acquired properties and (ii) loan
servicing and other administration of the approved development property investments. The Company will be paid a monthly expense
reimbursement amount by the SL1 Venture in connection with its role as managing member, as set forth in the JV Agreement. Heitman
may remove the Company as the managing member of the SL1 Venture if it commits an event of default (as defined in the JV Agreement),
if it undergoes a change of control (as defined in the JV Agreement), if it becomes insolvent or if, during the Investment Period,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer ceases to have an active role in the finding and underwriting of potential development
loans for the SL1 Venture, and, as a result of such cessation, the Company is not capable of fulfilling its duties and obligations
under the JV Agreement, as reasonably determined by Heitman in good faith. 

Heitman has the right to approve all  Major Decisions 
of the SL1 Venture, as defined in the JV Agreement, including, but not limited to, each investment of capital, the incurrence
of any indebtedness, the sale or other disposition of assets of the SL1 Venture, the replacement of the managing member, the acceptance
of new members into the SL1 Venture and the liquidation of the SL1 Venture. 

For four of the SL1 Venture development property investments
with a profits interest, an investor has an option to put its interest to the Company upon the event of default of the underlying
property loans. The put, if exercised, requires the Company to purchase the member s interest at the original purchase price
plus a yield of 4.5% on such purchase price. The Company concluded that the likelihood of loss is remote and assigned no value
to these put provisions at September 30, 2016. 

6. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES  

Development Property Investments  

The Company holds variable interests in its development property
investments. The Company has determined that these investees qualify as VIEs because the entities do not have enough equity to
finance their activities without additional subordinated financial support. In determining whether the Company is the primary
beneficiary of the VIEs, the Company identified the activities that most significantly impact the VIEs  economic performance.
Such activities are (1) managing the construction and operations of the project, (2) selecting the property manager, (3) financing
decisions, (4) authorizing capital expenditures and (5) disposition of the property. Although the Company has certain participating
and protective rights, it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIEs  economic
performance and is not the primary beneficiary; therefore, the Company does not consolidate the VIEs. 

The Company has recorded assets of $85.0 million and $40.2
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, for its variable interest in the VIEs which is included in
the development property investments at fair value line item in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s maximum exposure
to loss as a result of its involvement with the VIEs is as follows: 

The Company has a construction completion guaranty from the
managing members of the VIEs or individual affiliates/owners of such managing members. 

Investment in Real Estate Venture  

The Company determined that the SL1 Venture qualifies as a
VIE because it does not have enough equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. In determining
whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the entity, the Company identified the activities that most significantly impact
the entity s economic performance. Such activities are (1) approving self-storage development investments and acquiring
self-storage properties, (2) managing directly-owned properties, (3) obtaining debt financing, and (4) disposing of investments.
Although the Company has certain rights, it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the
entity s economic performance and thus is not the primary beneficiary. As such, the Company does not consolidate the entity
and accounts for its unconsolidated interest in the SL1 Venture using the equity method of accounting. The Company s investment
in the SL1 Venture is included in the investment in real estate venture balance in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and earnings
from the SL1 Venture are included in equity in earnings from unconsolidated real estate venture in the Company s Consolidated
Statements of Operations. The Company s maximum contribution to the SL1 Venture is $12.2 million. 

7. OTHER LOANS  

The Company had executed five revolving loan agreements with
an aggregate outstanding principal amount of $1.4 million at September 30, 2016. Four of the agreements are with individuals who
are owners of limited liability companies, and the fifth agreement is with a limited liability company and is personally guaranteed.
Four of the borrowers are either directly or indirectly owners of certain of the Company s development property investments,
and one is a prospective developer. Two of the agreements provide for borrowings of up to $0.5 million, one provides for borrowings
of up to $0.25 million, one provides for borrowings of up to $0.65 million, and one agreement provides for borrowings of up to
$1.0 million (total of $2.9 million) to fund expenses for pursuit costs to contract for and perform diligence on additional self-storage
sites. The loan to the limited liability company is secured by a first priority security interest and assignment of its 100% interest
in a limited liability company which owns one of the Company s development investment properties. The loans bear interest
at 6.9-7.0% per annum and are due in full in three years. During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company received
repayments on these revolving loan agreements of $0.6 million. At December 31, 2015, the Company had executed three revolving loan
agreements with an aggregate outstanding principal amount of $0.5 million. These loans are accounted for under the cost method,
and fair value approximates cost at September 30, 2016. None of these loans are in non-accrual status and no allowance for loan
loss was recorded by the Company as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company also had an aggregate
balance of $4.9 million related to four loans extended to four limited liability companies that are under common control with borrowers
in certain of the Company s development property investments. These loans are secured by first mortgages on real and personal
property, are personally guaranteed, and are interest-only with a fixed interest rate of 6.9% per annum, and mature in three to
nine months. The maturities are based upon the estimated time needed to prepare the sites for closing into a development loan.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received aggregate repayments of $3.4 million related to two loans
and entered into five new loans with an aggregate balance of $7.6 million. At December 31, 2015, the Company had executed one loan
agreement of $0.7 million to a limited liability company that was under common control with a borrower in a development property
investment. These loans are accounted for under the cost method, and fair value approximates cost at September 30, 2016. None of
these loans are in non-accrual status and no allowance for loan loss was recorded by the Company as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

8. SENIOR PARTICIPATIONS  

On April 29, 2016, the Company sold senior participations (the
 Operating Property A Notes ) in two separate operating property loans in the Nashville, Tennessee and New Orleans,
Louisiana MSAs, having an aggregate outstanding principal balance of $7.8 million, to a regional commercial bank in exchange for
cash consideration of $5.0 million. The sale of Operating Property A Notes was effected pursuant to participation agreements between
the bank and the Company (the  Participation Agreements ). Under the Participation Agreements, the Company will continue
to service the underlying loans so long as it is not in default under the Participation Agreements. The bank has the option to
 put  either of the senior participations to the Company in the event the underlying borrower defaults on the underlying
loan or if the Company defaults under the applicable Participation Agreement. The Company will pay to the bank interest on the
outstanding balance of the Operating Property A Notes at the rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 3.85%, or 4.37% at September 30, 2016.
The Operating Property A Notes mature on April 1, 2019, at which time the Company is obligated to repurchase the Operating Property
A Notes at the then outstanding principal balances thereof. As part of the Participation Agreements, the Company will maintain
a minimum aggregate balance of $0.5 million in depository or money market accounts at the bank. The outstanding balance for
the Operating Property A Notes at September 30, 2016 was $5.0 million. 

On May 27, 2016, the Company sold a third senior participation
in a construction loan on a facility in the Miami, Florida MSA ( the Miami A Note ), having a commitment amount of
$17.7 million, to the same commercial bank that purchased the Operating Property A Notes in exchange for a commitment by the bank
to provide net proceeds of $10.0 million to fund construction draws under the construction loan (the  Miami A Note Sale )
once the total outstanding principal balance exceeds $7.7 million. The Miami A Note Sale was effected pursuant to a participation
agreement between the bank and the Company (the  Miami Participation Agreement ). Under the Miami Participation Agreement,
the Company will continue to service the underlying loan so long as it is not in default under the Miami Participation Agreement.
The bank has the option to  put  the senior participation to the Company in the event the underlying borrower defaults
on the underlying loan or if the Company defaults under the Miami Participation Agreement. The Company will pay to the bank interest
on the outstanding balance of the Miami A Note at the rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 3.10%, or 3.62% at September 30, 2016. The Company
also paid a loan fee of 100 basis points, or $0.1 million upon closing of the loan. The Miami A Note matures on July 1, 2017,
at which time the Company is obligated to repurchase the Miami A Note at the then outstanding principal balance thereof. No proceeds
have been received as of September 30, 2016 from the Miami A Note. 

On July 26, 2016, the Company sold to a national commercial
bank operating in the Company s markets senior participations in the construction loans of four separate development property
investments with a profits interest (the  July 2016 A Notes ) (one in the Orlando, Florida MSA, two in the Atlanta,
Georgia MSA, and one in the Tampa, Florida MSA) having an aggregate committed principal balance of approximately $21.8 million
and earning interest at a rate of 6.9% per annum, in exchange for a commitment by the bank to provide net proceeds of $14.2 million
( the  July 2016 A Note Sales ). Construction has been completed and certificates of occupancy have been issued for
these properties. At closing, the bank paid to the Company approximately $12.5 million for senior participations in the construction
loans and will fund up to a total of $14.2 million as future draws are made on the construction loans. The Company will pay interest
to the bank on its senior participations at the annual rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 3.50%, or 4.02% at September 30, 2016. The July
2016 A Notes mature on August 1, 2019, at which time the Company is obligated to repurchase the July 2016 A Notes at the then
outstanding principal balance thereof. The outstanding balance for the July 2016 A Notes at September 30, 2016 was $12.5 million. 

The table below details the bank commitments and outstanding
balances of our various senior participations at September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

9. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

The Company was organized in Maryland on October 1, 2014, and
under the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, the Company is authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 shares of
common stock and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The sole stockholder of the Company prior to the closing of its IPO was
the founder and chief executive officer, who is an affiliate of the Company. The founder s initial capital contribution
to the Company was $1.0 thousand made on October 2, 2014, in exchange for 1,000 shares of common stock. These shares were retired
effective with the IPO. 

Common Stock Offering  

On April 1, 2015, the Company closed its IPO and received $93.0
million in proceeds, net of underwriter s discount. Simultaneously, the Company received $5.0 million in proceeds from the
concurrent private placement with an affiliate of its founder. In connection with these transactions, the Company issued 5,000,000
and 250,000 shares of common stock, respectively and the initial 1,000 shares of common stock issued on October 2, 2014 were retired. 

On April 9, 2015, the Company completed the sale of shares
of common stock to the underwriters of its IPO pursuant to the underwriters  over-allotment option. The Company issued 750,000
shares of common stock and received $14.0 million, net of underwriters  discount. 

Stock Repurchase Plan  

On May 20, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized
a share repurchase program for the repurchase of up to $10.0 million of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company had repurchased and retired a total of 213,078 shares of its common stock at an aggregate
cost of approximately $3.2 million. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has $6.8 million remaining under the Board s authorization
to repurchase shares of its common stock. 

Equity Incentive Plan  

In connection with the IPO, the Company established the 2015
Equity Incentive Plan for the purpose of attracting and retaining directors, executive officers, investment professionals and
other key personnel and service providers, including officers and employees of the Manager and other affiliates, and to stimulate
their efforts toward the Company s continued success, long-term growth and profitability. The 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
provides for the grant of stock options, share awards (including restricted common stock and restricted stock units), stock appreciation
rights, dividend equivalent rights, performance awards, annual incentive cash awards and other equity-based awards, including
Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ) units, which are convertible on a one-for-one basis into Operating Company Units
( OC Units ).  A total of 200,000 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2015 Equity
Incentive Plan, subject to certain adjustments set forth in the plan. On April 1, 2015, each non-employee director of the Company
received an award of 2,500 shares of restricted common stock (total of 10,000 shares) which vest ratably over a three-year period.
On June 15, 2015, in connection with the appointment of the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer (an employee
of the Manager), 100,000 shares of restricted common stock were granted, which shares vest ratably over a five-year period. During
the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the Company granted 52,500 shares of restricted common stock to an executive officer (an
employee of the Manager) and key employees of the Manager, which shares vest ratably over a three-year period. The Manager provides
services to the Company. On May 20, 2016, each non-employee director of the Company received an award of 3,585 shares of common
stock (total of 14,340 shares) which immediately vested on the grant date. 

Restricted Stock Awards  

The 2015 Equity Incentive Plan permits the issuance of restricted
stock awards to employees and non-employee directors. Granted stock awards at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 aggregated
176,840 and 162,500 service-based stock awards, respectively, of which 17,500 and 55,172 vested during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, 40,832 will vest in 2017, 40,836 will vest in 2018, and 20,000 will vest in 2019 and 2020,
respectively. Non-vested shares are earned over the respective vesting period based on a service condition only. Expenses related
to restricted stock awards are charged to compensation expense and are recognized over the respective vesting period (primarily
three to five years) of the awards. For restricted stock issued to non-employee directors of the Company, compensation expense
is based on the market value of the shares at the grant date. For restricted stock awards issued to employees of the Manager,
compensation expense is remeasured at each reporting date based on the then current value of the Company s common stock. 

The Company recognized approximately $0.3 million and $0.1
million of stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.8 million
and $0.2 million of stock-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to the Company s restricted shares
was approximately $2.1 million and $2.2 million, respectively, based on the grant date market value for awards issued to non-employee
directors of the Company and based on the measurement of awards using the Company s stock price of $19.17 and $14.95 as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, for awards issued to employees of the Manager. This cost is expected
to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of 3.1 years. The Company presents stock-based compensation expense
in general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

A summary of changes in the Company s restricted shares
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

Nonvested restricted shares receive dividends which are nonforfeitable. 

Series A Preferred Stock Private Placement  

On July 27, 2016 (the  Effective Date ), the Company
entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with accounts managed by NexPoint Advisors, L.P.,
an affiliate of Highland Capital Management, L.P. (collectively, the  Buyers ) relating to the issuance and sale,
from time to time until the second anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, the  Commitment Period ), of up
to $100 million in shares of the Company s newly designated Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the  Series
A Preferred Stock ), at a price of $1,000 per share (the  Liquidation Value ) (subject to a minimum amount
of $50 million of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued and sold by the Company on or prior to the expiration of the Commitment
Period), which may be increased at the request of the Company up to $125 million. The sale of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement may occur from time to time, in minimum monthly increments of $5 million, maximum monthly increments
of $15 million and maximum increments of $35 million over any rolling three month period, all to be completed during the Commitment
Period. 

The Company expects to contribute the net proceeds from issuances
and sales of the Series A Preferred Stock to the Operating Company in exchange for newly designated Series A Preferred membership
units in the Operating Company having economic terms and designations, powers, preferences, rights and restrictions that are substantially
similar to the Series A Preferred Stock. 

The Series A Preferred Stock will rank senior to the shares
of the Company s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the  Common Stock ), with respect to distribution
rights and rights upon liquidation, winding up and dissolution of the Company, on parity with any class or series of capital stock
of the Company expressly designated as ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights
and rights upon liquidation, winding up and dissolution of the Company, junior to any class or series of capital stock of
the Company expressly designated as ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights and rights
upon liquidation, winding up and dissolution of the Company and junior in right of payment to the Company s existing and
future indebtedness. 

Holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to a cumulative
cash distribution ( Cash Distribution ) equal to (A) 7.0% per annum on the Liquidation Value for the period beginning
on the respective date of issuance until the sixth anniversary of the Effective Date, payable quarterly in arrears, (B) 8.5% per
annum on the Liquidation Value for the period beginning the day after the sixth anniversary of the Effective Date and for each
year thereafter so long as the Series A Preferred Stock remains issued and outstanding, payable quarterly in arrears, and (C)
an amount in addition to the amounts in (A) and (B) equal to 5.0% per annum on the Liquidation Value upon the occurrence of certain
triggering events (a  Cash Premium ). In addition, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to
a cumulative dividend payable in-kind in shares of Common Stock or additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock, at the election
of the holders (the  Stock Dividend ), equal in the aggregate to the lesser of (Y) 25% of the incremental increase
in the Company s book value (as adjusted for equity capital issuances, share repurchases and certain non-cash expenses)
plus, to the extent the Company owns equity interests in income-producing real property, the incremental increase in net asset
value (provided, however, that no interest in the same real estate asset will be double counted) and (Z) an amount that would,
together with the Cash Distribution, result in a 14.0% internal rate of return for the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
from the date of issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, as set forth in the Articles Supplementary classifying the Series A
Preferred Stock (the  Articles Supplementary ). Triggering events that will trigger the payment of a Cash Premium
with respect to a Cash Distribution include: (i) the occurrence of certain change of control events affecting the Company after
the third anniversary of the Effective Date, (ii) the Company s ceasing to be subject to the reporting requirements of Section
13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, (iii) the Company s failure to remain qualified as a real estate investment
trust, (iv) an event of default under the Purchase Agreement (as described below), (v) the failure by the Company to register
for resale shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (a  Registration Default ), (vi) the
Company s failure to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock as required by the Purchase Agreement, or (vii) the filing of a
complaint, a settlement with, or a judgment entered by the Securities and Exchange Commission against the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or a director or executive officer of the Company relating to the violation of the securities laws, rules or regulations
with respect to the business of the Company. Accrued but unpaid Cash Distributions and Stock Dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock will accumulate and will earn additional Cash Distributions and Stock Dividends as calculated above, compounded quarterly. 

The holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to purchase
their pro rata share of any qualified offering of Common Stock, which consists of any offering by the Company of Common Stock
except any shares of Common Stock issued (i) in connection with a merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar business combination,
(ii) in connection with a joint venture, strategic alliance or similar corporate partnering arrangement, (iii) in connection with
any acquisition of assets by the Company, (iv) at market prices pursuant to a registered at-the-market program and/or (v) as part
of a compensatory or employment arrangement. 

So long as shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding,
the Company is required to maintain a ratio of debt to total tangible assets determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles of no more than 0.4:1, measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. 

The Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the Company s
option (i) after five years from the Effective Date at a price equal to 105% of the Liquidation Value per share plus the value
of all accumulated and unpaid Cash Distributions and Stock Dividends, and (ii) after six years from the Effective Date at a price
equal to 100% of the Liquidation Value per share plus the value of all accumulated and unpaid Cash Distributions and Stock Dividends.
In the event of certain change of control events affecting the Company prior to the third anniversary of the Effective Date, the
Company must redeem all shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a price equal to (a) the Liquidation Value, plus (b) accumulated
and unpaid Cash Distributions and Stock Dividends, plus (c) a make-whole premium designed to provide the holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock with a return on the redeemed shares equal to a 14.0% internal rate of return through the third anniversary
of the Effective Date. 

Holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to a separate
class vote with respect to (i) any amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the  Charter ),
as supplemented by the Articles Supplementary, or bylaws that would alter or change the rights, preferences, privileges or restrictions
of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to materially and adversely affect such Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) by reclassification
or otherwise, any issuances by the Company of securities that are senior to, or equal in priority with, the Series A Preferred
Stock. 

In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the greater of (i)
the Liquidation Value, plus all accumulated but unpaid Cash Distributions and Stock Dividends thereon to, but not including, the
date of any liquidation, but excluding any Cash Premium and (ii) the amount that would be paid on such date in the event of a
redemption following a change of control. 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and the Articles Supplementary,
the Company increased the size of its Board by one director and elected James Dondero as preferred representative of the Buyers,
to the Board for a term expiring at the Company s 2017 annual meeting of stockholders. Thereafter, so long as any shares
of the Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company will nominate one person to be designated by the holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock as a designee for election by the Company s stockholders to the Board. If the Company has not paid the
full amount of the Cash Distribution or the Stock Dividend on the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for six or more quarterly
dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), the Company will increase the size of the Board by two directors and will nominate
two additional persons to be designated by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock as designees for election to the Board
by the Company s stockholders at the next annual or special meeting of stockholders to serve until the Company pays in full
all accumulated and unpaid Cash Distributions and Stock Dividends. 

Further, at any time that the Series A Preferred Stock remains
outstanding, if Dean Jernigan, the Company s current Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, voluntarily leaves
the position of Chief Executive Officer, and is not serving as the Executive Chairman of the Board (a  Key Man Event ),
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right to accept or reject the service of any person as Chief Executive
Officer (or such person serving as the principal executive officer) of the Company. 

The Purchase Agreement requires that the Company and its subsidiaries
conduct their business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and use reasonable best efforts to (i)
preserve substantially intact the business organization and (ii) avoid becoming subject to the requirements of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended. Additionally, the Company and its subsidiaries may not change or alter materially its method
of accounting or the manner in which it keeps its accounting books and records unless required by the Securities and Exchange
Commission to reflect changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or, in the business judgment of the Board, such
change would be in the best interests of the Company or stockholders. 

Future issuances of shares of Series A Preferred Stock at any
one or more closings after the Effective Date are contingent upon the satisfaction of certain conditions at the time of such proposed
purchase, including that (i) the representations and warranties of the Purchase Agreement remain true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has complied with all covenants and conditions under the Purchase Agreement, the Articles Supplementary,
the Registration Rights Agreement and the documents related thereto, (ii) no material adverse effect (as such term is defined
in the Purchase Agreement) has occurred, (iii) there is no suspension of trading of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange
or such other market or exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or traded (the  Principal Market ), (iv)
a Key Man Event shall not have occurred, as described above, and (v) the Company has delivered certain customary closing deliverables. 

An event of default under the Purchase Agreement terminates
the obligation of the Buyers to acquire shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Company and also triggers the Cash Premium
described above. Such events of default under the Purchase Agreement include (i) a Registration Default, (ii) the suspension of
trading or delisting of the Common Stock on the Principal Market, (iii) the failure by the transfer agent of the Company to issue
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to the Buyers (subject to an applicable cure period), (iv) the Company s breach of
a representation or warranty, covenant or other term or condition under the Purchase Agreement, Articles Supplementary, the Registration
Rights Agreement or the documents related thereto that has a material adverse effect (subject to an applicable cure period), (v)
the failure of the Company to sell $50 million of shares of Series A Preferred Stock on or prior to the tenth business day after
the expiration of the Commitment Period, (vi) an event of default under any secured indebtedness of the Company, or (vii) certain
bankruptcy proceedings. 

The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have certain
customary registration rights with respect to the Common Stock issued as Stock Dividends pursuant to the terms of a Registration
Rights Agreement. 

The issuance and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock, and
the issuance of shares of common stock and/or additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock issuable as Stock Dividends, will
be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) pursuant to Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder. The Buyers represented to the Company that they are  accredited
investors  as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act and that the Series A Preferred Stock is being acquired for investment
purposes and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends will be affixed
to any certificates evidencing the shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not issued any shares
of Series A Preferred Stock. 

10. EARNINGS PER SHARE  

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income
by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period.  All outstanding unvested restricted share awards
contain rights to non-forfeitable dividends and participate in undistributed earnings with common shareholders and, accordingly,
are considered participating securities that are included in the two-class method of computing basic earnings per share. Both
the unvested restricted shares, and the related impact to earnings, are considered when calculating earnings per share on a diluted
basis with our diluted earnings per share being the more dilutive of the treasury stock or two-class methods.  Redeemable
Operating Company Units are included in dilutive earnings per share calculations when they are dilutive to earnings per share.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s basic earnings per share is
computed using the two-class method, and our diluted earnings per share is computed using the more dilutive of the treasury stock
method or two-class method:   

(1)   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, potentially
                                                                                dilutive securities are not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation as they are not dilutive. 

11. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The Company s founder was reimbursed for $0.1 million
of organizational costs and $0.1 million of offering costs in April 2015 following the closing of the Company s IPO. 

Equity Method Investments  

Certain of the Company s development property investments
are equity method investments for which the Company has elected the fair value option of accounting. The fair value of these equity
method investments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $66.0 million and $31.3 million, respectively. The interest
income realized and the change in fair value from these equity method investments was $5.7 million and $0.5 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $15.7 million and $1.2 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company s investment in the real estate venture,
the SL1 Venture, has a carrying amount of $2.9 million at September 30, 2016 and the earnings from this venture were $0.4 million
and $0.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

Management Agreement  

On April 1, 2015, the Company entered into a management agreement
with its Manager (the  Management Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, the Manager will
be responsible for (a) the Company s day-to-day operations, (b) determining investment criteria and strategy in conjunction
with the Company s Board of Directors, (c) sourcing, analyzing, originating, underwriting, structuring, and acquiring the
Company s portfolio investments, and (d) performing portfolio management duties. The Manager has an Investment Committee
that approves investments in accordance with the Company s investment guidelines, investment strategy, and financing strategy. 

On May 23, 2016, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated
Management Agreement (the  Amended and Restated Management Agreement ) by and among the Company, the Operating Company
and the Manager that amends and restates the original Management Agreement dated April 1, 2015. The Amended and Restated Management
Agreement was approved on behalf of the Company and the Operating Company by a unanimous vote of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, which consists solely of independent directors. 

The Amended and Restated Management Agreement modifies certain
procedures with respect to the future internalization of the Manager (as described in the Amended and Restated Management Agreement,
an  Internalization Transaction ). Prior to entry into the Amended and Restated Management Agreement, if no Internalization
Transaction had occurred prior to the end of the last renewal term, the Manager would have been entitled to the Termination Fee
(as defined in the Amended and Restated Management Agreement) and the Company would not have acquired the assets of the Manager. 
The Amended and Restated Management Agreement, however, requires an Internalization Transaction at the end of the last renewal
term (if an Internalization Transaction or termination of the Amended and Restated Management Agreement has not occurred prior
to that date).  The Internalization Price in such event would equal the Termination Fee amount and the Company would receive
the Manager s assets.  Accordingly, the amount the Manager would receive has not changed, but the Company now would
receive the assets of the Manager, which it would not have received prior to the Amended and Restated Management Agreement.  

Under the Amended and Restated Management Agreement, if an
Internalization Transaction has not occurred prior to March 31, 2023, the last day of the last renewal term, then the Manager
and the Company shall consummate an Internalization Transaction to be effective as of that date and all assets of the Manager
(or, alternatively, all of the equity interests in the Manager) shall be conveyed to and acquired by the Operating Company in
exchange for the Internalization Price (as described herein). At such time, all employees of the Manager shall become employees
of the Operating Company and the Manager shall discontinue all business activities. Unlike an Internalization Transaction that
occurs prior to the end of the final renewal term of the Amended and Restated Management Agreement, an Internalization Transaction
that occurs at the end of the final renewal term shall not require a fairness opinion, the approval of a special committee of
the Company s Board of Directors or the approval of the Company s stockholders. 

The  Internalization Price  payable in the event
of an Internalization Transaction at the end of the last renewal term shall be equal to the Termination Fee and the Board of Directors
of the Company has no discretion to change such Internalization Price or the conditions applicable to its payment. 

The Internalization Price paid to the Manager in any Internalization
Transaction will be payable by the Operating Company in the number of units of limited liability company interests ( OC
Units ) of the Operating Company equal to the Internalization Price, divided by the volume-weighted average of the closing
market price of the common stock of the Company for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date with respect
to which value must be determined. However, if the common stock of the Company is not traded on a national securities exchange
at the time of closing of any Internalization Transaction, then the number of OC Units shall be determined by agreement between
the Board of Directors of the Company and the Manager or, in the absence of such agreement, the Internalization Price shall be
paid in cash. 

Prior to entry into the Amended and Restated Management Agreement,
any Termination Fee would have been payable by the Operating Company in OC Units equal to the Termination Fee divided by the average
of the daily market price of the Common Stock for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of termination
within 90 days after occurrence of the event requiring the payment of the Termination Fee. In accordance with ASC 505-50,  Equity
- Equity-based Payments to Non-Employees,  since the number of OC Units to be issued was dependent upon different possible
outcomes, the Company recognized the lowest aggregate amount within the range of outcomes. Accordingly, the Company estimated
the deferred termination fee payable and accrued the expense over the term of the Management Agreement. Upon entry into the Amended
and Restated Management Agreement, the Company ceased recognizing the deferred termination fee expense and reclassified the Non-Controlling
Interests to Additional Paid-In-Capital since the Termination Fee is no longer certain of being paid other than in exchange for
either the assets or equity of the Manager. Accordingly, the Company recorded no expense and $0.2 million of expense for the deferred
termination fee for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.2 million and $0.3 million of expense
for the deferred termination fee for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The initial term of the Management Agreement will be five years,
with up to a maximum of three, one-year extensions that end on the applicable anniversary of the completion of the Company s
offering. The Company s independent directors will review the Manager s performance annually. Following the initial
term, the Management Agreement may be terminated annually upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the Company s
independent directors based upon: (a) the Manager s unsatisfactory performance that is materially detrimental to the Company;
or (b) the Company s determination that the management fees payable to the Manager are not fair, subject to the Manager s
right to prevent termination based on unfair fees by accepting a reduction of management fees agreed to by at least two-thirds
of the independent directors. The Company will provide its Manager with 180 days  prior notice of such a termination. Upon
such a termination, the Company will pay the Manager a Termination Fee except as provided below. 

No later than 180 days prior to the end of the initial term
of the Management Agreement, the Manager will offer to contribute to the Company s Operating Company at the end of the initial
term all of the assets or equity interests in the Manager at the internalization price and on such terms and conditions included
in a written offer provided by the Manager. 

Upon receipt of the Manager s initial internalization
offer, a special committee consisting solely of the Company s independent directors may accept the Manager s proposal
or submit a counter offer to the Manager. If the Manager and the special committee are unable to agree, the Manager and the special
committee will repeat this process annually during the term of any extension of the Management Agreement. Acquisition of the Manager
pursuant to this process requires a fairness opinion from a nationally recognized investment banking firm and stockholder approval,
in addition to approval by the special committee. As described above, if an Internalization Transaction has not occurred prior
to March 31, 2023, the last day of the last renewal term, then the Manager and the Company shall consummate an Internalization
Transaction to be effective as of that date, and such Internalization Transaction shall not require a fairness opinion, the approval
of a special committee of the Company s Board of Directors or the approval of the Company s stockholders. 

If the Management Agreement terminates other than for Cause,
voluntary non-renewal by the Manager or the Company being required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, then the Company shall pay to the Manager, on the date on which such termination is effective, a Termination Fee
equal to the greater of (i) three times the sum of the average annual Base Management Fee and Incentive Fee earned by the Manager
during the 24-month period prior to such termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior
to the date of termination, or (ii) the offer price, which will be based on the lesser of (a) the Manager s earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (adjusted for unusual, extraordinary and non-recurring charges and expenses), or
 EBITDA  annualized based on the most recent quarter ended, multiplied by a specific multiple, or EBITDA Multiple,
depending on the Company s achieved total annual return, and (b) the Company s equity market capitalization multiplied
by a specific percentage, or Capitalization Percentage, depending on the Company s achieved total return (the Internalization
Price). Any Termination Fee will be payable by the Operating Company in cash. 

The Company also may terminate the Amended and Restated Management
Agreement at any time, including during the initial term, without the payment of any Termination Fee, with 30 days  prior
written notice from the Board of Directors, for cause.  Cause  is defined as: (i) the Manager s continued breach
of any material provision of the Amended and Restated Management Agreement following a prescribed period; (ii) the occurrence
of certain events with respect to the bankruptcy or insolvency of the Manager; (iii) a change of control of the Manager that a
majority of the Company s independent directors determines is materially detrimental to the Company; (iv) the Manager committing
fraud against the Company, misappropriating or embezzling the Company s funds, or acting grossly negligent in the performance
of its duties under the Amended and Restated Management Agreement; (v) the dissolution of the Manager; (vi) the Manager fails
to provide adequate or appropriate personnel that are reasonably necessary for the Manager to identify investment opportunities
for the Company and to manage and develop the Company s investment portfolio if such default continues uncured for a period
of 60 days after written notice thereof, which notice must contain a request that the same be remedied; (vii) the Manager is convicted
(including a plea of nolo contendere) of a felony; or (viii) both the current Chief Executive Officer and the current President
and Chief Operating Officer are no longer senior executive officers of the Manager or the Company during the term of the Amended
and Restated Management Agreement other than by reason of death or disability. 

The Manager may terminate the Amended and Restated Management
Agreement if the Company becomes required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act, with such termination deemed
to occur immediately before such event, in which case the Company would not be required to pay the Manager a Termination Fee.
The Manager may also decline to renew the Amended and Restated Management Agreement by providing the Company with 180 days 
written notice, in which case the Company would not be required to pay a Termination Fee. 

The Amended and Restated Management Agreement provides for
the Manager to earn a base management fee and an incentive fee. In addition, the Company will reimburse certain expenses of the
Manager, excluding the salaries and cash bonuses of the Manager s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, a
portion of the salary of the president and chief operating officer, and certain other costs as determined by the Manager in accordance
with the Amended and Restated Management Agreement. Certain prepaid expenses and fixed assets are also purchased through the Manager
and reimbursed by the Company. In the event that the Company terminates the Amended and Restated Management Agreement per the
terms of the agreement, other than for cause or the Company being required to register as an investment company, there will be
a Termination Fee due to the Manager. Amounts reimbursable to the Manager for expenses are included in general and administrative
expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and totaled $0.8 million for both the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, and $2.4 million and $1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Management Fees  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company did not have any personnel.
As a result, the Company is relying on the properties, resources and personnel of the Manager to conduct operations. The Company
has agreed to pay the Manager a base management fee in an amount equal to 0.375% of the Company s stockholders  equity
(a 1.5% annual rate) calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in cash. For purposes of calculating the base management fee,
the Company s stockholder s equity means: (a) the sum of (i) the net proceeds from all issuances of the Company s
equity securities since inception (allocated on a pro rata daily basis for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any such
issuance), plus (ii) the Company s retained earnings at the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter (without taking
into account any non-cash equity compensation expense incurred in current or prior periods); less (b) any amount that the Company
pays to repurchase the Company s common stock since inception, provided that if the Company s retained earnings are
in a net deficit position (following any required adjustments set forth below), then retained earnings shall not be included in
stockholders  equity. It also excludes (x) any unrealized gains and losses and other non-cash items that have impacted stockholders 
equity as reported in the Company s financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States, or GAAP, and (y) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP (such as a cumulative change to the Company s
operating results as a result of a codification change pursuant to GAAP), and certain non-cash items not otherwise described above
(such as depreciation and amortization), in each case after discussions between the Company s Manager and the Company s
independent directors and approval by a majority of the Company s independent directors. As a result, the Company s
stockholders  equity, for purposes of calculating the base management fee, could be greater or less than the amount of stockholders 
equity shown on the Company s financial statements. The base management fee is payable independent of the performance of
the Company s portfolio. The Manager computes the base management fee within 30 days after the end of the fiscal quarter
with respect to which such installment is payable and promptly delivers such calculation to the Company s Board of Directors.
The amount of the installment shown in the calculation is due and payable no later than the date which is five business days after
the date of delivery of such computation to the Board of Directors. The calculation generally will be reviewed by the Board of
Directors at their regularly scheduled quarterly board meeting. The base management fee was $0.4 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $1.2 million and $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had outstanding Due to Manager of $0.6 million
and $0.7 million, respectively, consisting of the management fees payable and certain general and administrative fees payable. 

Incentive Fee  

The Manager is entitled to an incentive fee with respect to
each fiscal quarter (or part thereof that the Amended and Restated Management Agreement is in effect) in arrears in cash. The
incentive fee will be an amount, not less than zero, determined pursuant to the following formula: 

IF = .20 times (A minus (B times .08)) minus C 

In the foregoing formula: 

A equals the Company s Core Earnings (as defined below) for the previous 12-month period; 

B equals (i) the weighted average of the issue price per share of the Company s common stock of all of its public offerings
of common stock, multiplied by (ii) the weighted average number of all shares of common stock outstanding (including (i) any restricted
stock units and any restricted shares of common stock in the previous 12-month period and (ii) shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of outstanding OC Units); and 

C equals the sum of any incentive fees earned by the Manager with respect to the first three fiscal quarters of such previous
12-month period. 

Notwithstanding application of the incentive fee formula, no
incentive fee shall be paid with respect to any fiscal quarter unless cumulative annual stockholder total return for the four
most recently completed fiscal quarters is greater than 8%. Any computed incentive fee earned but not paid because of the foregoing
hurdle will accrue until such 8% cumulative annual stockholder total return is achieved. The total return is calculated by adding
stock price appreciation (based on the volume-weighted average of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the
NYSE (or other applicable trading market) for the last ten consecutive trading days of the applicable computation period minus
the volume-weighted average of the closing market price of the Company s common stock for the last ten consecutive trading
days of the period immediately preceding the applicable computation period) plus dividends per share paid during such computation
period, divided by the volume-weighted average of the closing market price of the Company s common stock for the last ten
consecutive trading days of the period immediately preceding the applicable computation period. For purposes of computing the
Incentive Fee,  Core Earnings  is defined as net income (loss) determined under GAAP, plus non-cash equity compensation
expense, the incentive fee, depreciation and amortization (to the extent that the Company forecloses on any facilities underlying
the Company s target investments), any unrealized losses or other non-cash expense items reflected in GAAP net income (loss),
less any unrealized gains reflected in GAAP net income. The amount will be adjusted to exclude one-time events pursuant to changes
in GAAP and certain other non-cash charges after discussions between the Manager and the Company s independent directors
and after approval by a majority of the independent directors. 

The Manager computes each quarterly installment of the incentive
fee within 45 days after the end of the fiscal quarter with respect to which such installment is payable and promptly delivers
such calculation to the Company s Board of Directors. The amount of the installment shown in the calculation is due and
payable no later than the date which is five business days after the date of delivery of such computation to the Board of Directors.
The calculation generally will be reviewed by the Board of Directors at their regularly scheduled quarterly board meeting. The
Manager has not earned an incentive fee for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

12. RESTRUCTURING COSTS  

On August 11, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors
approved consolidating its offices and moving the corporate headquarters to Memphis, Tennessee. In connection with the consolidation
and moving of the Company s headquarters, the Company added legal, accounting, loan administration and business development
personnel in Memphis and closed its offices in Miami, Florida and Cleveland, Ohio. The consolidation was completed by the end
of the third quarter of 2015. 

Restructuring costs reflected in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Operations relate primarily to one-time termination benefits and lease termination costs. The Company recognizes
these severance and other charges when the requirements of ASC 420 have been met regarding a plan of termination and when communication
has been made to employees. The Company incurred no restructuring costs in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $54.0
thousand in restructuring costs in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company incurred $0.2 million in restructuring
costs during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015. 

13. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company s management has evaluated subsequent events
through the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements included herein. Other than those disclosed below, there
have been no subsequent events that occurred during such period that require disclosure or recognition in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

Series A Preferred Stock  

On October 4, 2016, the Company issued 10,000 restricted shares
of the Series A Preferred Stock to the Buyers and received $10.0 million in proceeds pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

Senior Participations  

On October 11, 2016, the Company received $0.7 million of additional
funds from existing senior participations in the construction loans on four of its development property investments with a profits
interest. 

On October 18, 2016, the Company sold to a local Memphis, Tennessee-based
community bank a senior participation in the construction loan of one of the Company s development property investments with
a profits interest in Charlotte, North Carolina. The construction loan has a committed principal balance of approximately $6.8
million and earns interest at a rate of 6.9% per annum. Construction has been completed and a certificate of occupancy has been
issued for this property. At closing, the bank paid to the Company approximately $3.4 million for the senior participation in the
construction loan and will fund up to a total of $4.4 million as future draws are made on the construction loan. The Company will
pay interest to the bank on its senior participation at the annual rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 3.50%, which translates to a current
rate of approximately 4.02%. 

Dividend Declaration  

On November 3, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.35 per share of common stock for the quarter ending December 31, 2016. The dividend is
payable on January 13, 2017 to stockholders of record on January 3, 2017. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

We make statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that
are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )). These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements
about our estimates, expectations, predictions and forecasts of our future business plans and financial and operating performance
and/or results, as well as statements of management s goals and objectives and other similar expressions concerning matters
that are not historical facts. When we use the words  may,   should,   could,   would, 
 predicts,   potential,   continue,   expects,   anticipates,   future, 
 intends,   plans,   believes,   estimates  or similar expressions or their negatives,
as well as statements in future tense, we intend to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, beliefs and expectations, such forward-looking
statements are not predictions of future events or guarantees of future performance and our actual financial and operating results
could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Some factors that might cause such differences
are described in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in this report and in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
on April 5, 2016, which factors include, without limitation, the following: 

our ability to successfully source, structure, negotiate and close investments in self-storage facilities  

changes in our business strategy and the market s acceptance of our investment terms  

our ability to fund our outstanding and future loan commitments  

availability, terms and our rate of deployment of equity and debt capital  

our manager s ability to hire and retain qualified personnel  

changes in the self-storage industry, interest rates or the general economy  

the degree and nature of our competition  

volatility in the value of our assets carried at fair market value  

general volatility of the capital markets and the market price of our common stock.  

Given these uncertainties, undue reliance should not be placed
on our forward-looking statements. We assume no duty or responsibility to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement
that may be made to reflect future events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. We urge you to
review the disclosures concerning risks in the sections entitled  Risk Factors,   Forward-Looking Statements, 
and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in the 2015 Form
10-K. 

Overview  

We are a commercial real estate company incorporated in Maryland
that provides capital to private developers, owners and operators of self-storage facilities. Our principal business objective
is to deliver attractive long-term risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders by investing primarily in newly-constructed self-storage
facilities, which we refer to as development property investments. We expect to generate attractive long-term returns on development
property investments through interest payments (typically at a fixed rate) on our invested capital together with a 49.9% interest
in the positive cash flows from operations, sales and/or refinancings of the self-storage facility, which we refer to herein as
 Profits Interests.  We also generate cash flows from construction loans and operating property loans in the form
of interest payments, origination fees, and occasional prepayment fees. In addition, in connection with many of our development
property investments, we obtain a right of first refusal to acquire the subject property. In the future, we expect to acquire
self-storage properties by exercising our rights of first refusal. 

We account for our development property investments and operating
property loans at fair value. Under fair value accounting, each of our development property investments and operating property
loans is re-valued each quarter, and any unrealized appreciation and depreciation from those financial instruments is reflected
in the carrying values of those investments in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
We believe reflecting our investments at fair value provides our stockholders and others who rely on our financial statements
with a more complete and accurate understanding of our economic performance, including our revenues and the intrinsic value inherent
in our Profits Interests as newly-developed self-storage facilities we finance are occupied, leased-up and become stabilized. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had 21 investments, for an aggregate
committed principal amount of $141.2 million, including 12 development property investments totaling approximately $89.4 million
of aggregate committed principal amount, each of which provides us with a Profits Interest, four construction loans totaling approximately
$36.8 million of aggregate committed principal amount and five operating property loans totaling approximately $15.0 million of
aggregate committed principal amount. Each of the development property investments is in a primary or secondary market with demographics
that management believes will support successful lease-up and value creation in the property. Each construction loan has an 18-month
term, and each self-storage facility for which we have provided construction financing is subject to a binding purchase and sale
agreement between the developer and a third-party purchaser to be completed shortly after a certificate of occupancy is issued
with respect to the subject property at a contract price sufficient to repay our construction loan. As of September 30, 2016,
we had funded approximately $86.2 million of the aggregate committed principal amount of our closed investments. We have funded
all of our investments to date with the net proceeds from our initial public offering of common stock ( IPO ) and
concurrent private placement, which were consummated on April 1, 2015, and proceeds from the sale of senior participations, which
we also refer to as  A notes , in certain investments. 

On March 7, 2016, we, through our Operating Company, entered
into the Limited Liability Company Agreement (the  JV Agreement ) of Storage Lenders LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, to form a real estate venture (the  SL1 Venture ) with HVP III Storage Lenders Investor, LLC ( HVP
III ), an investment vehicle managed by Heitman Capital Management LLC ( Heitman ). The SL1 Venture was formed
for the purpose of providing capital to developers of self-storage facilities identified and underwritten by us. HVP III committed
$110.0 million for a 90% interest in the SL1 Venture, and we committed $12.2 million for a 10% interest. On March 31, 2016, we
contributed to the SL1 Venture three self-storage development investments in Miami and Fort Lauderdale, Florida that were not
yet under construction. These investments had an aggregate committed principal amount of approximately $41.9 million and aggregate
drawn balances of $8.1 million. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, the SL1 Venture had closed on seven new development property
investments with a profits interest with an aggregate commitment amount of $72.5 million, bringing the total aggregate commitment
of SL1 Venture s investments to $114.4 million as of September 30, 2016. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, HVP
III and the Company agreed to true up the balances in the respective members  capital accounts to be in accordance with
the 90% commitment and 10% commitment made by HVP III and the Company, respectively. Accordingly, during the three months ended
September 30, 2016, HVP III contributed cash of $7.3 million to the SL1 Venture, and the Company received a $7.3 million cash
distribution as a return of its capital. 

Under the JV Agreement, we will receive a priority distribution
(after debt service and any reserve but before any other distributions) out of operating cash flow and residual distributions
based upon 1% of the committed principal amount of loans made by the SL1 Venture, exclusive of the loans contributed to the SL1
Venture by us. Operating cash flow of the SL1 Venture (after debt service, reserves and the foregoing priority distributions)
will be distributed in accordance with capital commitments. Residual cash flow from capital and other events (after debt service,
reserves and priority distributions) will be distributed (i) pro rata in accordance with capital commitments (its  Percentage
Interest ) until each member has received a return of all capital contributed; (ii) pro rata in accordance with each member s
Percentage Interest until Heitman has achieved a 14% internal rate of return; (iii) to Heitman in an amount equal to its Percentage
Interest less 10% and to us in an amount equal to our Percentage Interest plus 10% until Heitman has achieved a 17% internal rate
of return; (iv) to Heitman in an amount equal to its Percentage Interest less 20% and to us in an amount equal to our Percentage
Interest plus 20% until Heitman has achieved a 20% internal rate of return; and (v) any excess to Heitman in an amount equal to
its Percentage Interest less 30% and to us in an amount equal to our Percentage Interest plus 30%. However, we will not be entitled
to any such promoted interest prior to the earlier to occur of the third anniversary of the JV Agreement and Heitman receiving
distributions to the extent necessary to provide Heitman with a 1.48 multiple on its contributed capital. See Note 5 of the accompanying
interim consolidated financial statements. 

The Company is externally managed and advised by JCAP Advisors,
LLC (the  Manager ). The Manager is led by our founder and chief executive officer, Dean Jernigan, and our president
and chief operating officer, John A. Good. Mr. Jernigan is a 30-year veteran of the self-storage industry, including a combined
16 years as the chief executive officer of Storage USA and CubeSmart, both New York Stock Exchange listed self-storage REITs.
During his time at these two companies, Mr. Jernigan oversaw the investment of over $3 billion of capital in the self-storage
industry. Mr. Good has over 28 years working with senior management teams and boards of directors of public companies in the REIT
and financial services industries on corporate finance, corporate governance, merger and acquisition, tax, executive compensation,
joint venture, and strategic planning projects as a nationally recognized corporate and securities lawyer. Prior to joining the
Company, he served as lead counsel on over 200 securities offerings, including our IPO, raising in excess of $25 billion over
the past 25 years, with more than 125 of those deals being in the REIT industry. We believe the industry experience and depth
of relationships of our senior management team and other investment professionals provide us with a significant competitive advantage
in sourcing, evaluating, underwriting and servicing self-storage investments. 

We are a Maryland corporation that has elected to be taxed
as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the  Code ). As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S.
federal income taxes on our taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net
capital gains, to the extent that we annually distribute all of our REIT taxable income to stockholders and comply with certain
other requirements for qualification as a REIT set forth in the Code. We are structured as an UPREIT and conduct our investment
activities through our Operating Company. We also intend to operate our business in a manner that will permit us to maintain our
exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Factors Impacting Our Operating Results  

The results of our operations are affected by a number of factors
and primarily depend on, among other things, the pace with which we are able to deploy capital into development property investments,
the level of our total investment income, changes in the fair value of our assets and the performance of self-storage facilities
in which we have invested, either directly or through the SL1 Venture. Our total investment income includes interest income from
investments, which also reflects the accretion of origination fees, and is recognized based on the contractual rate and the outstanding
principal balance of the loans we originate. The objective of the interest method is to arrive at periodic interest income that
yields a level rate of return over the loan term. Interest rates may vary according to the type of loan, conditions in the financial
markets, credit worthiness of our borrowers, competition and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any certainty.
Our operating results may also be impacted by credit losses in excess of initial anticipations or unanticipated credit events
experienced by borrowers. Our income also includes earnings from our investment in the SL1 Venture, which is calculated based
on the allocation of earnings as prescribed in the JV Agreement. In addition, our operating results are affected by the valuation
of our development property investments and our operating property loans. These investments are marked to fair value each quarter,
and increases and decreases in fair value are reflected in the carrying values of the investments in our Consolidated Balance
Sheets and as unrealized increases/decreases in fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. In the future we may
make additional equity investments in self-storage facilities, either for fee simple ownership by our Operating Company or in
joint ventures with institutional or other strategic partners. In the event we own self-storage facilities in the future, our
operating results also will include rental income and related operating expenses from such self-storage facilities. In that regard,
in connection with many of our development investments, we have obtained rights of first refusal in connection with potential
future sales of self-storage facilities that we finance. Our results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 also
were impacted by our accounting methods as discussed below. 

Changes in Fair Value of Our Assets  

The Company has elected the fair value option of accounting
for our investment portfolio. We have elected fair value accounting for these financial instruments because we believe such accounting
provides stockholders and others who rely on our financial statements with a more complete and accurate understanding of our economic
performance, including our revenues and the intrinsic value inherent in the Profits Interests we possess. Under the fair value
option, we mark our development property investments and operating property loans to estimated fair value at the end of each accounting
period, with corresponding increases or decreases in fair value being reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
There is no active secondary market for our development property investments and operating property loans and no readily available
market value; accordingly, our determination of fair value requires judgment and extensive use of estimates. Due to the inherent
uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of
our development property investments and operating property loans may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair
value of our development property investments and operating property loans may differ significantly from the values that would
have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that we may ultimately
realize. Our development property investments and operating property loans are generally subject to legal and other restrictions
on resale or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded securities. If we were required to liquidate an investment in a forced
or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded it. In addition, changes in
the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately
realized on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected in the valuations currently assigned. 

Changes in Market Interest Rates  

With respect to our business operations, increases in interest
rates, in general, may over time cause: the interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase; the value of our loan
portfolio to decline; interest rates on any floating rate loans to reset, although on a delayed basis, to higher interest rates;
and to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging strategy, the value of these agreements to
increase. Conversely, decreases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: the interest expense associated with our borrowings
to decrease; the value of our mortgage loan portfolio to increase; interest rates on any floating rate loans to reset, although
on a delayed basis, to lower interest rates; and to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging
strategy, the value of these agreements to decrease. 

Credit Risk  

We are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in connection
with our target investments. Our Manager seeks to mitigate this risk by seeking to originate or acquire loans of higher quality
at appropriate prices given anticipated and unanticipated losses, by utilizing a comprehensive selection, underwriting and due
diligence review process, and by proactively monitoring originated or acquired loans. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses
could occur that could adversely impact our operating results. 

Market Conditions  

We believe that present market conditions are favorable for
realizing attractive risk-adjusted returns on investments in self-storage facilities owned by private operators. While construction
in the self-storage sector remains low compared to historical averages, the sector has experienced increased construction starts
recently and the trend is expected to continue upwards. In addition, the number of purchase and sale transactions has been increasing,
fueled by investor appetite for self-storage s cash flow performance. The key demand drivers of the self-storage sector
include population mobility and new job creation, both of which are experiencing increases since the recession. These drivers
have created demand for self-storage, which in turn have developers looking to develop and match demand with supply. The main
deterrent for developers is the lack of financing available in the sector. Currently, lenders are only willing to lend up to 70%
LTV, whereas our substantial industry knowledge enables us to make loans at ratios of 90% LTC and LTV. 

Recent Developments  

Third Quarter Dividend Declaration and Payment  

On September 2, 2016, the Company announced that our Board
of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.35 per share of common stock for the quarter ending September 30, 2016. The dividend
was paid on October 14, 2016 to stockholders of record on October 1, 2016. 

Fourth Quarter Dividend Declaration  

On November 3, 2016, the Company announced that our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.35 per share of common stock for the quarter ending December 31, 2016. The dividend is
payable on January 13, 2017 to stockholders of record on January 3, 2017. 

Senior Participations  

On October 11, 2016, the Company received $0.7 million of additional
funds from existing senior participations in the construction loans on four of our development property investments with a profits
interest. 

On October 18, 2016, we sold to a local Memphis, Tennessee-based
community bank a senior participation in the construction loan of one of our development property investments with a profits interest
in Charlotte, North Carolina. The construction loan has a committed principal balance of approximately $6.8 million and earns interest
at a rate of 6.9% per annum. Construction has been completed and a certificate of occupancy has been issued for this property.
At closing, the bank paid to the Company approximately $3.4 million for the senior participation in the construction loan and will
fund up to a total of $4.4 million as future draws are made on the construction loan. We will pay interest to the bank on our senior
participation at the annual rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 3.50%, which translates to a current rate of approximately 4.02%. See Note
13 of the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements. 

Series A Preferred Stock Private Placement  

On July 27, 2016 (the  Effective Date ), we entered
into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with accounts managed by NexPoint Advisors, L.P., an affiliate
of Highland Capital Management, L.P. (collectively, the  Buyers ) relating to the issuance and sale, from time to time
until the second anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, the  Commitment Period ), of up to $100 million in
shares of our newly designated Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the  Series A Preferred Stock ),
at a price of $1,000 per share (the  Liquidation Value ) (subject to a minimum amount of $50 million of Series
A Preferred Stock to be issued and sold by the Company on or prior to the expiration of the Commitment Period), which may be increased
at our request up to $125 million. The sale of shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement may occur
from time to time, in minimum monthly increments of $5 million, maximum monthly increments of $15 million and maximum increments
of $35 million over any rolling three month period, all to be completed during the Commitment Period. We did not issue Series A
Preferred Stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. See Note 9 of the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements. 

On October 4, 2016, we issued 10,000 restricted shares of Series
A Preferred Stock to the Buyers and received $10.0 million in proceeds pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

Investment Activity  

Our self-storage investments at September 30, 2016 consisted
of the following: 

Development
                                         Property Investments  - We had 12 investments totaling an aggregate committed principal
                                         amount of approximately $89.4 million to finance the ground-up construction of, or conversion
                                         of existing buildings into, self-storage facilities. Each development property investment
                                         is funded over time as the developer constructs the project. Each development property
                                         investment is typically comprised of a first mortgage loan, a mezzanine loan, and a 49.9%
                                         interest in the positive cash flows (including the sale and refinancing proceeds after
                                         debt repayment) of the project. The loans are secured by the first mortgages on the projects
                                         and first priority security interests in the membership interests of the owners of the
                                         projects. Loans comprising development property investments are non-recourse with customary
                                         carve-outs and subject to completion guaranties, are interest-only with a fixed interest
                                         rate of 6.9% per annum and have a term of 72 months.   

We also had four construction loan investments totaling
an aggregate committed principal amount of approximately $36.8 million, each of which has a term of 18 months. Each construction
loan is interest-only at a fixed interest rate of 6.9% per annum, has no equity participation and is secured by a first priority
mortgage or deed of trust on the project. Each of these construction loans is subject to a purchase and sale agreement between
the developer and a third-party purchaser, containing certain conditions, pursuant to which the financed project is anticipated
to be sold and our loan repaid on or about the time a certificate of occupancy is issued for the financed self-storage facility. 

Operating property loans  - We had five term loans totaling $15.0 million of aggregate committed principal amount, the
proceeds of which were used by borrowers to finance the acquisition of, refinance existing indebtedness on, or recapitalize operating
self-storage facilities. These loans are secured by first mortgages on the projects financed, are interest-only with fixed interest
rates ranging from 5.85% to 6.9% per annum, and generally have a term of 72 months.   

Our development property investments and operating property
loans are collectively referred to herein as our investment portfolio. 

As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate committed principal amount
of our investment portfolio is approximately $141.2 million and outstanding principal is $86.2 million, as described in more detail
in the table below  (dollars in thousands) :  

(1)    Represents principal balance of loan gross of origination
fees 

(2)    Facility had received certificate of occupancy as of September 30, 2016. See Note 4 of the
                                                                                                                              accompanying interim consolidated financial statements for information regarding recognition of entrepreneurial profit. 

(3)    Facility had achieved at least 40% construction completion as of September 30, 2016. See Note
                                                                                                                              4 of the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements for information regarding recognition of entrepreneurial
                                                                                                                              profit. 

As of September 30, 2016, SL1 Venture had ten development property
investments with a profits interest as described in more detail in the table below  (dollars in thousands) : 

(1)     Represents principal balance of loan gross of origination
fees 

(2)     These development property investments (having approximately
$8.1 million of outstanding principal balances at contribution) were contributed to the SL1 Venture on March 31, 2016. 

Business Outlook  

As of September 30, 2016, we have funded our investments with
proceeds from the IPO and concurrent private placement and sales of senior participations in certain of our investments. As of
September 30, 2016, we had unrestricted cash of approximately $13.0 million and remaining unfunded commitments of $55.0 million
related to our investment portfolio. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, we received $10.0 million of proceeds from the issuance
of Series A Preferred Stock and $3.4 million from the Charlotte A Note Sale. From our unrestricted cash, proceeds from A note
sales, proceeds from issuances of Series A Preferred Stock, and anticipated proceeds from other potential capital markets transactions,
we believe that we will have sufficient capital to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. 

We continue to experience robust demand for our capital for
the development of state-of-the-art Class A self-storage facilities in top U.S. markets. As of September 30, 2016, we had executed
term sheets for investments in 13 separate self-storage development projects for an aggregate capital commitment of up to approximately
$127.5 million. We anticipate that substantially all of the remaining capital in the SL1 Venture will be committed in 2016. Subsequent
to September 30, 2016, we have received executed term sheets for an additional three projects, which term sheets could produce
capital commitments of an additional $30.3 million. We can provide no assurance that any of the existing or future projects subject
to term sheets will produce actual investment commitments or if all term sheets will meet all conditions necessary to consummate
investment commitments, and we can provide no assurance that we will have adequate capital to close all such prospective commitments
in the future.   

Throughout the current fiscal year, we have continued to fund
development draws on the 11 development property investments to which we had committed an aggregate of approximately $76.5 million
at December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, six of those development properties had achieved certificates of occupancy, and
we have realized a significant portion of the potential profit on these developments through our fair value adjustments. We currently
expect certificates of occupancy to be issued on two of the remaining projects in the fourth quarter, on another two projects in
the first quarter of 2017 and the final initial project in the fourth quarter of 2017. Since as many as 8 of the 11 initial development
properties will have achieved certificates of occupancy during 2016, the amount of fair value adjustments for potential profit
to be realized on those projects in 2017 and beyond is expected to be less than was recorded in 2016. Moreover, from January 1
through August 31, 2016, all development property investments were made through the SL1 Venture, of which we have a 10% interest,
as well as potential residual interests upon our SL1 Venture partners achieving certain internal rates of return on their invested
capital. Accordingly, we do not expect to record significant fair value adjustments during 2017 from the SL1 Venture. On the strength
of our $125 million Series A Preferred Stock forward commitment from affiliates of Highland Capital Management, L.P., additional
capital from senior participation sales and our anticipated ability to access public equity through our effective shelf registration
statement, we resumed investing  on-balance sheet  in late September 2016 with a $12.9 million commitment to a project
in Charlotte, North Carolina, which is not expected to be completed until the first quarter of 2018. We anticipate closing commitments
for additional development property investments totaling between $60 million and $75 million during the fourth quarter 2016, and
between $75 million and $90 million during the first quarter 2017. Most of these projects are not projected to commence construction
until later in the first quarter or during the second quarter of 2017, so the amount of fair value adjustments for anticipated
profits on these projects is expected to be limited in 2017 and is anticipated to accelerate in 2018. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the underlying
self-storage facilities of six of our development property investments with a profits interest each received certificates of occupancy
and commenced operations. The following table reflects occupancy data as of November 6, 2016 for these six facilities: 

The occupancy rates noted above pertain to the aforementioned
six properties only and are not indicative of future lease-up rates of other facilities that will commence operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting
policies as disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

A discussion of recent accounting pronouncements affecting
the Company is included in Note 2 of the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements. 

Results of Operations  

The following discussion of our results of operations should
be read in conjunction with the interim consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto.  

Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015:   

Revenues  

Total interest income from investments for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 was $1.7 million, an increase of $1.1 million from the three months ended September 30, 2015, and consists
of interest earned on the outstanding principal balances on our investment portfolio and other assets and accretion of origination
fees. Interest rates on the majority of our investment portfolio and other assets are 6.9% per annum. The increase is primarily
attributed to the increase in the outstanding principal balances of our investment portfolio and other assets. 

Expenses  

The following table provides a detail of total general and
administrative expenses (dollars in thousands): 

Total general and administrative expenses  

Total general and administrative expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were $1.5 million, an increase of $250 thousand from the three months ended September 30, 2015. Compensation
and benefits for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased primarily due to the Company s ramp-up in personnel
late in the third quarter of 2015. Additionally, compensation and benefits included $341 thousand and $133 thousand of stock-based
compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Transaction and other expenses  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the transaction
and other expenses of $2 thousand primarily consist of advisory fees and other expenses incurred in connection with the Company s
various financing transactions. The $0.1 million of transaction and other expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2015
consist of legal fees incurred in connection with the structuring and closing of our self-storage investments. 

Other operating expenses  

The management fees of $0.4 million in each of the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 relate to the fee earned by the Manager pursuant to the management agreement.
The restructuring costs incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2015 relate to exit costs incurred by closing the
Miami, Florida and Cleveland, Ohio offices in the third quarter of 2015. The deferred termination fees to our Manager of $0.2
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 represent the accrual over the term of the management agreement of the deferred
termination fee payable by our Operating Company in OC Units pursuant to the management agreement. On May 23, 2016, we amended
the management agreement thus resulting in the cessation of this accrual. 

Other income (expense)  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September
30, 2015, we recorded other income of $5.2 million and $0.1 million, respectively, which primarily relates to the change in fair
value of investments. The change in fair value of investments increased due to changes in market yields and entrepreneurial profit
adjustments. The $0.4 million of equity in earnings from unconsolidated real estate venture in the three months ended September
30, 2016 relates to our allocated earnings from the SL1 Venture. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016
was $148 thousand and relates to interest incurred on the Company s senior A note participations. 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015:   

We commenced operations on April 1, 2015 upon closing our IPO.
Prior to that time, we had no operations; however, the Company incurred a net loss of $0.1 million during the three months ended
March 31, 2015 due to organization costs for which we reimbursed our Company s founder in April 2015. 

Revenues  

Total interest income from investments for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $4.4 million, an increase of $3.6 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and consists
of interest earned on the outstanding principal balances on our investment portfolio and other assets, accretion of origination
fees, and prepayment fee income. Interest rates on the majority of our investment portfolio and other assets are 6.9% per annum.
Approximately $0.2 million of the increase is attributed to the acceleration of $0.1 million of origination fee accretion and
the recognition of $0.1 million of prepayment fee income received in conjunction with the repayment of an operating property loan
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The remaining increase is primarily attributed to the increase in the outstanding
principal balances of our investment portfolio and other assets. 

Expenses  

The following table provides a detail of total general and
administrative expenses (dollars in thousands): 

Total general and administrative expenses  

Total general and administrative expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were $4.1 million, an increase of $2.1 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The majority
of the increase was attributed to the growth of the Company and its business activities, including an increase in headcount and
stock-based compensation. Compensation and benefits included $828 thousand and $167 thousand of stock-based compensation for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Transaction and other expenses  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the transaction
and other expenses of $2.1 million primarily consisted of advisory fees and other expenses incurred in connection with the Company s
various financing transactions. The $0.3 million of transaction and other expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015
consisted of legal fees incurred by us in connection with the structuring and closing of our self-storage investments. 

Other operating expenses  

The management fees of $1.2 million and $0.8 million in the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, relate to the fee earned by the Manager pursuant to the management
agreement. The restructuring costs incurred during each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 relate to
exit costs incurred by closing the Miami, Florida and Cleveland, Ohio offices in the third quarter of 2015. The deferred termination
fees to our Manager of $0.2 million and $0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, represent
the accrual over the term of the management agreement of the deferred termination fee payable by our Operating Company in OC Units
pursuant to the management agreement. On May 23, 2016, we amended the management agreement thus resulting in the cessation of
this accrual. 

Other income (expense)  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded
other income of $14.9 million and $0.8 million, respectively, which primarily relates to the change in fair value of investments
and our equity in earnings from the SL1 Venture. The change in fair value of investments increased due to changes in market yields
and entrepreneurial profit adjustments. The $0.9 million of equity in earnings from unconsolidated real estate venture in the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 relates to our allocated earnings from the SL1 Venture. Interest expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $186 thousand and relates to interest incurred on the Company s senior A Note participations. 

Adjusted Earnings  

Adjusted Earnings is a measure that is not specifically defined
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) and is defined as net income (computed in
accordance with GAAP) plus stock-based compensation expense, transaction and other expenses, deferred termination fee to manager,
and restructuring costs. 

Adjusted Earnings should not be considered as an alternative
to net income or any other GAAP measurement of performance, as an indicator of operating performance or as an alternative to cash
flow from operating, investing, and financing activities as a measure of liquidity. We believe that Adjusted Earnings is helpful
to investors as a starting point in measuring our operational performance, because it excludes various non-cash items and other
costs included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating performance, which can make periodic
and peer analyses of operating performance more difficult. The Company s computation of Adjusted Earnings may not be
comparable to other key performance indicators reported by other REITs or real estate companies. 

The following tables are reconciliations of Adjusted Earnings
(Loss) to net income (loss): 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash
requirements, including commitments to fund our investment portfolio, repay borrowings, fund and maintain our assets and operations,
make distributions to our stockholders and other general business needs. We will use significant cash to originate our target
investments, make distributions to our stockholders and fund our operations. 

Liquidity  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had unrestricted cash
of $13.0 million. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company has received $10.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of Series
A Preferred Stock and $3.4 million from the Charlotte A Note Sale. Additionally, the Company has $115.0 million of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock that may be issued from time to time, and the Company has an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the issuance of up to $500 million of the Company s or the Operating
Company s debt and equity securities. At September 30, 2016, we have unfunded commitments of $55.0 million related to our
investment portfolio, and we expect to close the investments represented by the 16 executed term sheets with aggregate commitments
of $157.8 million within the next 12 months. We also expect to close an unknown number of additional investments not currently
subject to term sheets within the next 12 months. We intend to fund these investments and commitments with the sources described
above and from the sales of additional senior participations on our investment portfolio, and we believe that we will have sufficient
capital to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. 

Cash Flows  

The following table sets forth changes in cash and cash equivalents: 

Cash decreased $30.9 million during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 as compared to an increase in cash of $69.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net cash used in
operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.7 million and $1.7 million, respectively, reflecting
an increase in cash used of $4.0 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, this increase was primarily attributable
to our increase in general and administrative expenses in the 2016 period as compared to the 2015 period, which was largely driven
by our overall growth and increase in headcount. The primary components of cash used in operating activities during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were net income of $11.5 million and an increase in other noncash adjustments to net income of approximately
$1.3 million. These increases were offset by interest capitalized on outstanding loans of $2.6 million, change in fair value of
investments of $14.2 million, equity in earnings from unconsolidated real estate venture of $0.8 million, accretion of origination
fees of $0.5 million, and a net decrease of $0.4 million for changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $30.4 million and $37.6 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $36.5 million to fund investments, $9.2 million to fund other loans,
and $1.3 million to fund capital contributions to the SL1 Venture, offset by a $7.3 million return of capital from the SL1 Venture
and $9.6 million from repayments of an operating property loan investment and other loan investments. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 totaled $5.2 million and related to $6.4 million of dividends paid and $3.2 million of stock repurchases
offset by $17.6 million of cash received in conjunction with the sale of senior loan participations on certain of our investments.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, cash provided by financing activities totaled $108.3 million and related primarily
to the proceeds from the issuance of our common stock of $120.0 million, less offering costs of $9.6 million. 

Equity Capital Policies  

Subject to applicable law, our board of directors has the authority,
without further stockholder approval, to issue additional authorized common stock and preferred stock or otherwise raise capital,
including through the issuance of senior securities, in any manner and on the terms and for the consideration it deems appropriate,
including in exchange for property. Common stockholders will have no preemptive right to additional shares issued in any offering,
and any offering may cause a dilution of your investment. 

On July 27, 2016, we entered into the Purchase Agreement relating
to the issuance and sale, from time to time until the termination of the Commitment Period, of up to $100 million in shares of
our newly designated Series A Preferred Stock, subject to a minimum amount of $50 million of Series A Preferred Stock to be issued
and sold by us on or prior to the expiration of the Commitment Period, which may be increased at our request up to $125 million.
The sale of shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement may occur from time to time in $5 million minimum
increments in one or more closings during the Commitment Period. The Series A Preferred Stock will rank senior to the shares of
common stock, with respect to distribution rights and rights upon liquidation, winding up and dissolution of the Company, on parity
with any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock with
respect to distribution rights and rights upon liquidation, winding up and dissolution of the Company, junior to any class or
series of capital stock of the Company expressly designated as ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to
distribution rights and rights upon liquidation, winding up and dissolution of the Company and junior in right of payment to our
existing and future indebtedness. 

Leverage Policies  

As of September 30, 2016 we have funded our loan portfolio
with the proceeds of the IPO and the concurrent private placement and the sale of senior participations on certain of our investments.
In the future, we may utilize equity raised in follow-on offerings and/or borrowing against our target investments in accordance
with our investment guidelines in order to increase the size of our loan portfolio and potential return to stockholders. Our investment
guidelines state that our leverage will generally not exceed 50% of the total value of our loan portfolio. We may borrow up to
100% of the principal value of certain development property loans. Our actual leverage will depend on our mix of loans. Our charter
and bylaws do not limit the amount of indebtedness we can incur, and our board of directors has discretion to deviate from or
change our investment guidelines at any time. We will use corporate leverage for the sole purpose of financing our portfolio and
not for the purpose of speculating on changes in interest rates. Our financing strategy focuses on the use of match-funded financing
structures. This means that we will seek to match the maturities and/or repricing schedules of our financial obligations with
those of our loan portfolio to minimize the risk that we will have to refinance our liabilities prior to the maturities of our
loans and to reduce the impact of changing interest rates on earnings. We will disclose any material changes to our leverage policies
in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section of the
quarterly report on Form 10-Q or annual report on Form 10-K for the period in which the change is made, or in a Current Report
on Form 8-K if required by the rules of the SEC or the board of directors deems it advisable, in its sole discretion.   

In connection with the Series A Preferred Stock Private Placement,
we are required to maintain a ratio of debt to total tangible assets determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
of no more than 0.4:1, measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. See   Recent Developments - Series A Preferred
Stock Private Placement.  The Company was in compliance as of September 30, 2016. 

Future Revisions in Policies and Strategies  

The board of directors has the power to modify or waive our
investment policies and strategies without the consent of our stockholders to the extent that the board of directors (including
a majority of our independent directors) determines that a modification or waiver is in the best interest of our stockholders.
Among other factors, developments in the market that either affect the policies and strategies mentioned herein or that change
our assessment of the market may cause our board of directors to revise our policies and strategies. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments  

The following table reflects our total contractual cash obligations
as of September 30, 2016: 

(1)   Represents principal payments gross of discounts and debt
issuance costs. 

At September 30, 2016, we had $55.0 million of unfunded loan
commitments related to our investment portfolio. These commitments are funded over the 18-24 months following the investment closing
date as construction is completed. At September 30, 2016, we had $1.5 million of unfunded loan commitments related to our other
assets. See  -Liquidity and Capital Resources - Liquidity.  

As of September 30, 2016, we had unrestricted cash of approximately
$13.0 million. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we did
not have any relationships, including those with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, for the purpose of facilitating
off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes that have or are reasonably likely to have a
current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Our investment in real estate venture is recorded using the
equity method as we do not have a controlling interest. 

Dividends  

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we declared a cash
dividend to our stockholders of $0.35 per share, payable on October 14, 2016 to stockholders of record on October 1, 2016. We intend
to make regular quarterly distributions to holders of our common stock. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT
annually distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net
capital gains, and that it pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100% of its
net taxable income. We intend to pay regular quarterly dividends to our stockholders in an amount equal to or greater than our
net taxable income, if and to the extent authorized by our Board of Directors. Before we pay any dividend, whether for U.S. federal
income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and debt service on any secured funding facilities,
other lending facilities, repurchase agreements and other debt payable. If our cash available for distribution is less than our
net taxable income, we could be required to reduce our dividends, sell assets or borrow funds to make cash distributions or we
may make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. 

Inflation  

Virtually all of our assets and liabilities will be interest
rate sensitive in nature. As a result, interest rates and other factors influence our performance far more so than does inflation.
Changes in interest rates do not necessarily correlate with inflation rates or changes in inflation rates. Our financial statements
are prepared in accordance with GAAP and our distributions will be determined by our board of directors consistent with our obligation
to distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income on an annual basis in order to maintain our REIT qualification;
in each case, our activities and balance sheet are measured with reference to historical cost and/or fair market value without
considering inflation.   

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

We seek to manage our risks related to the credit quality of
our assets, interest rates, liquidity, prepayment speeds and market value while, at the same time, seeking to provide an opportunity
to stockholders to realize attractive risk-adjusted returns through ownership of our capital stock. While we do not seek to avoid
risk completely, we believe the risk can be quantified from historical experience and seek to actively manage that risk, to earn
sufficient compensation to justify taking those risks and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks we undertake. 

There have been no material changes in our credit risk, interest
rate risk, interest rate mismatch risk, or real estate risks from what was disclosed in the 2015 Form 10-K. 

Market Risk  

Our development property investments and operating property
loans generally will be reflected at their estimated fair value, with changes in fair market value recorded in our income. The
estimated fair value of these investments fluctuates primarily due to changes in interest rates, capitalization rates, and other
factors. Generally, in a rising interest rate environment, the estimated fair value of the fixed-rate securities would be expected
to decrease; conversely, in a decreasing interest rate environment, the estimated fair value of the fixed-rate securities would
be expected to increase. As market volatility increases or liquidity decreases, the fair value of our investments may be adversely
impacted. If we are unable to readily obtain independent pricing to validate our estimated fair value of any loan investment in
our portfolio, the fair value gains or losses recorded in income may be adversely affected. 

The following fluctuations in the market yields/discount rates
would have had the following impact on the fair value of our investments: 

The following fluctuations in the capitalization rates would
have had the following impact on the fair value of our investments: 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.
The controls evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive
Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Financial Officer. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
procedures designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), such as this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
are also designed to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on the controls evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in
our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and that
material information related to our company and our consolidated subsidiaries is made known to management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal controls over financial
reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company s internal control over financial reporting.      

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and
legal actions in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

The discussion of our business and operations should
be read together with the risk factors contained in Part I, Item 1A of our 2015 Form 10-K, which describes various risks
and uncertainties to which we are or may be subject. These risks and uncertainties have the potential to affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects in a material adverse manner. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS FROM REGISTERED SECURITIES  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities  

On October 4, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 10,000 restricted
shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Buyers pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. The issuance of the Series A
Preferred Stock to the Buyers was effected in reliance upon an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder. 

Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities  

On April 1, 2015, we completed the IPO, pursuant to which we
sold 5,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price per share of $20 and generated gross proceeds of $100.0 million. On April
9, 2015, we sold an additional 750,000 shares of our common stock at a price per share of $20 to the underwriters of the initial
public offering pursuant to the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares. The aggregate net proceeds to us in
the IPO, including the overallotment shares, after deducting the underwriting discount and commissions and expenses payable by
us, were approximately $105.0 million. All of the shares were sold pursuant to our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended
(File No. 333-203185), that was declared effective by the SEC on March 26, 2015. Raymond James   Associates, Inc. served as
the book-running manager for the offering. Robert W. Baird   Co. Incorporated and Wunderlich Securities, Inc. served as co-managers. 

As of September 30, 2016, the net proceeds from the IPO had
been used as follows: (i) approximately $277,000 to reimburse Mr. Jernigan for amounts advanced or incurred in connection with
the IPO and organization costs; (ii) approximately $10.7 million in dividends to shareholders, (iii) approximately $8.7 million
to fund operations, and (iv) the remaining $85.3 million to fund loan transactions.  As of
September 30, 2016, no net proceeds from our IPO offering remained.  

Repurchases of Common Stock  

The following table provides information about repurchases
of the Company s common shares during the three months ended September 30, 2016: 

Total  Number of  Shares  Purchased       
     Average  Price Paid  Per Share       
     Total  Number of  Shares  Purchased  as Part of  Publicly  Announced  Plans or Programs       
       Maximum
                                         Dollar Value     that
                                         May Yet Be     Purchased
                                         Under the     Plans
                                         or Programs  (1)      (dollars
                                         in thousands)       

July 1- July 31    
        -       
     $  -       
        -       
     $  6,848     
 
     August 1- August 31    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        6,848     
 
     September 1- September 30    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        6,848     
 
     Total    
        -       
     $  -       
        -       
     $  6,848     

(1)    On May 23, 2016, we announced a program permitting us to
repurchase a portion of our outstanding common stock not to exceed a dollar maximum of $10.0 million established by our Board
of Directors. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index, which
is incorporated herein by reference, are filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

JERNIGAN CAPITAL, INC.   

Date: November 8, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Dean Jernigan  

Dean Jernigan  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 8, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ William C. Drummond  

William C. Drummond  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and
        Treasurer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit Number  
       
      Exhibit Description   

3.1 
       
     Articles Supplementary of Jernigan Capital, Inc. Designating the Rights and Preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock
    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2016)  
 
     10.1 
       
     Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of July 27, 2016 by and between Jernigan Capital, Inc. and certain funds managed or
    advised by Highland Capital Management, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
    on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2016)  
 
     10.2 
       
     Amendment No. 1 to Limited Liability Company Agreement of Jernigan Capital Operating Company, LLC, dated July 27, 2016
    (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2016)  
 
     10.3 
       
     Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2016, by and between Jernigan Capital, Inc. and certain funds managed
    or advised by Highland Capital Management, L.P. or its controlled affiliates (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
    the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2016)  
 
     10.4 
       
     Indemnification Agreement with James D. Dondero (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly
    Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 8, 2016)  
 
     31.1 
       
     Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
 
     31.2 
       
     Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer  
 
     32.1* 
       
     Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  
 
     101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  
 
     101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  
 
     101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  
 
     101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase  
 
     101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  
 
     101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  

*This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into
any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451477_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT  

  TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Dean Jernigan, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Jernigan
Capital, Inc.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) [Language omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942] for the registrant and have: 

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;          

b.  [Language omitted in accordance with
SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942];  

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2016 
     /s/ DEAN JERNIGAN  

Dean Jernigan  

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451477_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT  

  TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, William C. Drummond, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Jernigan
Capital, Inc.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) [Language omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942] for the registrant and have: 

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;          

b.   [Language omitted in accordance with
SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942];  

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2016 
     /s/ WILLIAM C. DRUMMOND  

William C. Drummond  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451477_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Jernigan Capital, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Dean Jernigan, the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, and I, William C. Drummond, the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
of the Company, certify, to our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.  the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 8, 2016 
     /s/ DEAN JERNIGAN  

Dean Jernigan  

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  

/s/ WILLIAM C. DRUMMOND  

William C. Drummond  

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 jcap-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 jcap-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 jcap-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 jcap-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 jcap-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 jcap-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

