<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1643953_0001213900-16-017861_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1522122</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63317</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>111632</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>303944</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>570954</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>436390</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017861.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101165731
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017861
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Partner Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001643953
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				474078206
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37523
		FILM NUMBER:		161965416

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-756-2877

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017861.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_globalpartner.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

    Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from  __________ to __________  

Commission
File Number: 001-37523  

GLOBAL
PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP.    

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
         
       47-4078206    
 
       (State
        or other jurisdiction of  
           incorporation
        or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
        Employer  
           Identification
        Number)    

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:   (646) 756-2877   

Not
applicable   

   (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes     No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer    
         
      Accelerated
filer     
 
      Non-accelerated
filer    
         
      Smaller
reporting company     
 
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes     No    

As
of November 1, 2016, there were 19,406,250 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding.   

GLOBAL
PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP.    

Table
of Contents   

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

PART
1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

GLOBAL
PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP.   

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements  

GLOBAL
PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP.    

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements  

GLOBAL
PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP.   

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements  

GLOBAL
PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP.   

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements  

GLOBAL PARTNER ACQUISITION
CORP.  
  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   

NOTE
1   DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS   

Organization
and General:   

Global
Partner Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on May 19, 2015. The Company was formed for
the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses (the  Business Combination ). The Company is an  emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the  Securities Act,  as modified by the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ).  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from May 19, 2015 (inception) through
September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering ( Public Offering ) described
below and, subsequent to the Public Offering, locating and completing a suitable Business Combination. The Company has not and
will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of the Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates
non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash from the proceeds of the Public Offering and a concurrent private
placement. The Company s fiscal year end is December 31st. All dollar amounts are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars.  

Sponsor
and Financing:   

The
Company s sponsor is Global Partner Sponsor I LLC, a Delaware limited liability corporation (the  Sponsor  or
the  initial stockholder ). The registration statement for the Public Offering (as described in Note 3) was declared
effective by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on July 29, 2015. The Company intends
to finance a Business Combination with proceeds from $155,250,000 of gross proceeds from the Public Offering, including the underwriters 
exercise of the over-allotment option in full (as described in Note 3) and approximately $6,408,000 of gross proceeds from
a concurrent private placement (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the private placement, $155,250,000 was deposited
in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company acting as trustee (the  Trust Account ) as discussed
below.  

The
Trust Account:   

The
funds in the Trust Account may be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred and eighty (180)
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which
invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the consummation
of the Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. The remaining proceeds of the Public
Offering outside the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence expenses for prospective
acquisition targets and continuing general and administrative expenses.  

The
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay
taxes, if any, none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business
Combination; or (ii) the redemption of 100% of the shares of common stock included in the Units (as defined below) sold in the
Public Offering if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
(subject to the requirements of law).  

Business
Combination:   

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering,
although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating
a Business Combination with a Target Business. As used herein, a  Target Business  is one or more businesses that
together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business
Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.  

The
Company, after signing a definitive agreement for a Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Business
Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination, for cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest
but less taxes payable, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to have their shares redeemed by the Company by means
of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer, including
interest but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination
or will allow stockholders to redeem their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require the Company to seek stockholder approval unless a vote is required by NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval,
it will complete its Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares (as defined below) in an amount that
would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption
of its Public Shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.  

If
the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with a Business Combination, a public
stockholder will have the right to redeem its shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including
interest but less taxes payable. As a result, such shares of common stock are recorded at redemption amount and classified as
temporary equity upon the completion of the Public Offering, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards, Board ( FASB )
Accounting Standards Update ( ASC ) 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.   

The
Company will only have 24 months from the closing date of the Public Offering to complete the Business Combination. See  Liquidation
and Going Concern  below.  

Liquidation
and Going Concern:   

The
Company will only have 24 months from the closing date of the Public Offering (until August 4, 2017) to complete a Business Combination.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing date of the Public Offering, the Company
will (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares of common stock for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account,
including interest, but less taxes payable and funds released for working capital (less up to $50,000 of such net interest to
pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the
Company s net assets to its creditors and remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The
initial stockholders have entered into letter agreements with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to
participate in any redemption with respect to their initial shares; however, if the Sponsor or any of the Company s officers,
directors or affiliates acquire shares of common stock in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share
of the Trust Account upon the Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete the Business
Combination within the required time period.  

This
mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after
August 4, 2017.  

In
the event of liquidation, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution
(including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering.  

NOTE
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis
of Presentation:   

The
accompanying interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Certain information and disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.
Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year.  

The
accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements
and notes thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC. All dollar amounts are rounded
to the nearest thousand dollars.  

Emerging
Growth Company:   

Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when an accounting standard is issued or revised and
it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the
new or revised accounting standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.  

Net
Loss Per Common Share:   

Net
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period, plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants,
as calculated using the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase 14,170,000
shares of common stock. For all periods presented, these shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share of
common stock because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as
basic loss per common share for all periods presented.  

The
presentation of the weighted average common shares outstanding and net loss per common share for the three and six months ended
September 30, 2015 has been updated from the presentation in the Form 10-Q filed by the Company for such periods to exclude shares
subject to possible redemption in order to conform to the presentation in the accompanying financial statements for the period
from May 19, 2015 (date of inception) to December 31, 2015.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk:   

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution,
which at times, may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these
accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.  

Financial
Instruments:   

The
fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,  Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures,  approximates the carrying amounts represented in the condensed financial statements.  

Use
of Estimates:   

The
preparation of condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the condensed financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Offering
Costs:   

The
Company complies with the requirements of FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A    Expenses
of Offering.  Offering costs of approximately $9,765,000, consisting principally of underwriting discounts of $9,315,000
(including approximately $4,658,000 of which payment is deferred) and approximately $450,000 of professional, printing, filing,
regulatory and other costs were charged to additional paid in capital upon the closing of the Public Offering on August 4, 2015.  

Income
Taxes:    

The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC, 740,  Income Taxes. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
has a deferred tax asset of approximately $140,000 and $100,000, respectively, related to net operating loss carryforwards (which
begin to expire in 2035) and start-up costs. Management has determined that a full valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset
is appropriate at this time.  

FASB
ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The
Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were
accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under
review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to
income tax examinations by major taxing authorities.  

Redeemable
Common Stock:   

All
of the 15,525,000 common shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for
the redemption of common shares under the Company s liquidation or tender offer/stockholder approval provisions. In accordance
with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside
of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of an entity s equity
instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold,
its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders 
equity) to be less than $5,000,001.  

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to
equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common
stock shall be affected by charges against additional paid-in capital.  

Accordingly,
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 14,638,714 and 14,661,512, respectively, of the 15,525,000 Public Shares were classified
outside of permanent equity at their redemption value.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements:   

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have
a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  

NOTE
3   PUBLIC OFFERING   

On
August 4, 2015, the Company closed the Public Offering for the sale of 15,525,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the  Units ),
including the full exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option yielding gross proceeds of $155,250,000. Each Unit
consists of one share of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value and one redeemable common stock purchase warrant
(the  Warrants ). Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at a price of
$5.75. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be
entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number
the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of
30 days after the completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire
five years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. However, if the Company
does not complete the Business Combination on or prior to the 24-month period allotted to complete the Business Combination, the
Warrants will expire at the end of such period. The Company has agreed to use its best efforts following the completion of the
Business Combination to file a new registration statement under the Securities Act, to cover the shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the warrants. If the Company is unable to deliver registered shares of common stock to the holder upon exercise
of the Warrants issued as part of the 15,525,000 Units during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of these
Warrants and the Warrants will expire worthless, unless they are exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described
in the warrant agreement. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants in whole and not
in part at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written notice of redemption, only in the event
that the last sale price of the Company s shares of common stock equals or exceeds $24.00 per share for any 20 trading days
within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant
holders.  

The
Company paid an underwriting discount of 3% of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering to the underwriters at the closing of
the Public Offering (approximately $4,658,000), with an additional fee (the  Deferred Discount ) of 3% of the gross
proceeds payable upon the Company s completion of the Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to
the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes the Business Combination.  

In
addition, on August 4, 2015, the Sponsor paid the Company approximately $6,408,000 in a private placement for the purchase of
12,815,000 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant (the  Private Placement Warrants ) - see also Note 4.  

NOTE
4   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

Founder
Shares:   

In
May 2015, the Sponsor purchased 3,881,250 shares of common stock (the  Founder Shares ) for $25,000, or approximately
$0.006 per share. The Founder Shares are identical to the common stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except
that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions as described in more detail below. The Sponsor agreed to
forfeit up to 506,250 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters
so that the initial stockholder would own 20.0% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Public Offering.
As described above, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full and therefore none of the Founder Shares were
forfeited.  

The
Company s initial stockholder has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier of
(A) one year after the completion of the Business Combination, or earlier if, subsequent to the Business Combination, the last
sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
150 days after the Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or
other similar transaction after the Business Combination that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right
to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.  

Private
Placement Warrants;   

Upon
the closing of the Public Offering on August 4, 2015, the Sponsor paid the Company approximately $6,408,000 in a private placement
for the purchase of 12,815,000 warrants (including warrants in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option) at a
price of $0.50 per warrant (the  Private Placement Warrants ). Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at $5.75 per share. The purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was
added to the proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Business Combination. The Private
Placement Warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) are not transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination and they are non-redeemable so long as they
are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor
or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders
on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants
have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering and have
no net cash settlement provisions.  

If
the Company does not complete a Business Combination, then the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants will be part of the
liquidating distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.  

Registration
Rights:   

The
Company s initial stockholder and holders of the Private Placement Warrants are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with the Public Offering in July 2015. The Company s initial
stockholder and holders of the Private Placement Warrants are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration
demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have  piggy-back 
registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. The Company will bear the
expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.  

Related
Party Loans:    

As
of June 5, 2015, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of $225,000 by drawdowns of not less than $10,000 each against
the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the  Note ) to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. In June
and July 2015, the Company borrowed an aggregate of approximately $225,000 under the Note. These loans were non-interest bearing
and were paid in full upon the closing of the Public Offering on August 4, 2015.  

Administrative
Services Agreement:   

The
Company has agreed to pay $10,000 a month for office space, utilities and administrative support to the Sponsor. Services commenced
on July 29, 2015, the date the securities were first listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, and will terminate upon the earlier
of the consummation by the Company of the Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company.  

NOTE
5 - TRUST ACCOUNT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT   

The
Company complies with FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and
reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at
fair value at least annually.  

Upon
the closing of the Public Offering and the private placement, a total of $155,250,000 was deposited into the Trust Account. All
proceeds in the Trust Account may be invested in either U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that
invest solely in U.S. government treasury obligations.  

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the proceeds of the Trust Account were invested primarily in U.S. government treasury
bills. The U.S. government treasury bills held at September 30, 2016 mature in December 2016. The Company classifies its U.S.
government treasury bills and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with FASB ASC 320  Investments  
Debt and Equity Securities.  Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent
to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying condensed balance
sheet at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts. Approximately
$10,000 and $417,000, respectively, of the balance in the Trust Account was held in cash at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately $9,000 and approximately $70,000, respectively,
was released from the Trust Account to the Company to pay taxes.  

The
following tables present information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized
to determine such fair value. In addition, the table presents the carrying value under FASB ASC 320, excluding accrued interest
income and gross unrealized holding gains. Since all of the Company s permitted investments consist of U.S. government treasury
bills and cash, fair values of its investments are determined by Level 1 inputs utilizing quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities as follows:  

NOTE
6   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Common
Stock:   

The
Company is authorized to issue 35,000,000 shares of common stock. The Company will likely (depending on the terms of the Business
Combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which it is authorized to issue at the same time as
its stockholders vote on the Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with the
Business Combination. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock they
own. At September 30, 2016, there were 19,406,250 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, including 14,638,714 shares which
are subject to redemption at that date.  

Preferred
Stock:   

The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. At September 30, 2016, there were no shares of preferred stock
issued and outstanding.  

ITEM 2.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. References to the  Company, 
 us  or  we  refer to Global Partner Acquisition Corp.   

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this section and other parts of this Form 10-Q regarding the Company s
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
When used in this Form 10-Q, words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect, 
 intend  and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information
currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC.  

Overview

We
are a blank check company incorporated on May 19, 2015 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
( Business Combination ). We intend to effectuate the Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of a public
offering (the  Public Offering ) that closed on August 4, 2015 and a sale of warrants in a private placement that
occurred simultaneously with the completion of the Public Offering (the  Private Placement Warrants ), our capital
stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt.  

The
issuance of additional shares of our stock in a Business Combination:  

-  
      may significantly dilute the equity interest of our stockholders;   

-  
      may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded to our common stock;   

-  
      could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock  are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;   

-  
      may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and   

-  
      may result in a decrease in the prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants.   

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities, it could result in:  

-   
      a decrease in the prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants.   

-  
      default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a Business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;   

-  
      acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;   

-  
      our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;   

-  
      our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains  covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;   

-  
      our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;   

-  
      using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;   

-  
      limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;   

-  
      increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and   

-  
      limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.   

As
indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at September 30, 2016, we had approximately $645,000 in cash. We expect to
incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our Business
Combination will be successful.  

Results
of Operations    

For
the period from May 19, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2016 our activities consisted of formation and preparation for
the Public Offering and, subsequent to the Public Offering, locating and completing a suitable Business Combination. As such,
we had no operations or significant operating expenses in 2015 until August 2015. Our operating costs for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $227,000 and $486,000, respectively, and are largely associated with our governance
and public reporting, insurance, as well as state franchise taxes of approximately $24,000 and $73,000, respectively, and charges
of $10,000 per month from our Sponsor for administrative services. Our operating costs for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 also include costs associated with reviewing potential targets for a Business Combination of approximately $75,000 and
$120,000, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately $56,000 of accrued franchise
taxes were reversed as final calculations resulted in lower taxes for 2015 than anticipated since the Company was not incorporated
until May 2015. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest income earned on our U.S. government treasury
bills totaled approximately $93,000 and $258,000, respectively.  

In
the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for the period from May 19, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015, operating costs
were approximately $149,000 in both periods and are largely associated with our governance and public reporting, insurance, as
well as state franchise taxes. There was no material interest income in the periods of 2015 as the Public Offering occurred late
in the periods and the available yield at that time was negligible.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

On
August 4, 2015, we consummated the Public Offering of an aggregate of 15,525,000 units (including the full exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option) at a price of $10.00 per unit generating gross proceeds of approximately $155,250,000 before underwriting
discounts and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 12,815,000
Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one-half of one share of our common stock at $5.75 per half share ($11.50
per whole share), to the Sponsor, at a price of $0.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds, before expenses,
of approximately $6,408,000. We received net proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
of approximately $156,550,000, net of the non-deferred portion of the underwriting commissions of $4,658,000 and offering costs
and other expenses of approximately $450,000. $155,250,000 of the proceeds from the Public Offering and the concurrent private
placement were deposited into the Trust Account and are not available to us for operations (other than amounts identified for
working capital and payment of taxes).  

Until
the consummation of the Public Offering, the Company s only sources of liquidity were the initial purchase of Founder Shares
for $25,000 by the Sponsor, and a total of $225,000 loaned by the Sponsor against the issuance of an unsecured promissory note
(Note 4 to condensed financial statements). These loans were non-interest bearing and were paid in full on August 4, 2015 in connection
with the closing of the Public Offering.  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we used approximately $403,000
of cash in operations including approximately $70,000 transferred from the Trust Account to pay taxes. At September 30, 2016,
we had approximately $645,000 of cash available outside of the Trust Account to fund our search for a Business Combination. We
expect that we will have sufficient resources to fund our operations and our search for a Business Combination though the period
that ends with our liquidation. We have had discussions with our Sponsor about providing us with additional financing in the form
of loans or advances to fund expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, but there are no
agreements for such financing currently in place. 

Off-balance
sheet financing arrangements    

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in
transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest
entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements.  

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt
or commitments of other entities, or entered into any non-financial assets.  

Contractual
obligations   

At
September 30, 2016, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities.
In connection with the Public Offering, in July 2015 we entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with our Sponsor, pursuant
to which the Company pays a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and administrative support. Upon the earlier
of the completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly
fees.  

Critical
Accounting Policies    

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies:  

Emerging
Growth Company   

Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.  

Loss
Per Common Share    

Net loss per common share is computed by
dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period, plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants, as calculated using
the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase 14,170,000 shares of common
stock. For all periods presented, these shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share of common stock because
their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. For all periods presented, the weighted average of these shares was excluded from
the calculation of diluted loss per share of common stock because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As a result,
diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for all periods presented. 

Financial
Instruments   

The fair value of the Company's assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying condensed balance sheets. 

Offering
Costs   

The Company complies with the requirements
of FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A  Expenses of Offering . Offering costs
of approximately $9,765,000, consisting of underwriting discounts of $9,315,000 (including approximately $4,658,000 of which payment
is deferred) and approximately $450,000 of professional, printing, filing, regulatory and other costs were charged to additional
paid in capital upon the closing of the Public Offering on August 4, 2015. 

Income
Taxes    

The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
has a deferred tax asset of approximately $140,000 and $100,000, respectively, related to net operating loss carryforwards (which
begin to expire in 2035) and start-up costs. Management has determined that a full valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset
is appropriate at this time.  

Redeemable
common stock   

All
of the 15,525,000 shares of common stock sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows
for the redemption of such common stock under the Company's liquidation or tender offer/stockholder approval provisions. In accordance
with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside
of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity's equity instruments,
are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company does not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that
would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders' equity) to be less than $5,000,001.  

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the security to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock
are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital.  

Accordingly,
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 14,638,714 and 14,661,512, respectively, of the 15,525,000 Public Shares were classified
outside of permanent equity at their redemption value of $10.00 per share.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have
a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  

ITEM 3.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

We
were incorporated in Delaware on May 19, 2015 for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination. As of September 30, 2016, we
had not commenced any operations or generated any revenues. All activity through September 30, 2016 relates to our formation and
our Public Offering and subsequent to that, locating and completing a suitable Business Combination. Subsequent to the Public
Offering, $155,250,000 of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the private placement that closed on August 4, 2015 were
deposited into a Trust Account that invests solely in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which invest only in direct
U. S. government obligations. At September 30, 2016, the Trust Account is invested primarily in U.S. government treasury bills.
Therefore, we do not believe there is currently a material interest rate risk.  

ITEM 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016.
Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

None.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

As
of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2015 except we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time
to time in our future filings with the SEC.  

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

None.  

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   

None.   

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

None.  

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION   

None.  

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS   

*
Furnished herewith  

SIGNATURES   

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

GLOBAL
    PARTNER ACQUISITION CORP.    

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
     By:    
      /s/
    Paul Zepf   

Name:  
       Paul
        Zepf  

Title:  
       Chief
        Executive Officer  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)      

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
     By:    
      /s/
    Andrew Cook   

Name:  
      Andrew
    Cook    

Title:  
       Chief
        Financial Officer and Secretary  
          (Principal
        Financial and Accounting Officer)      

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_globalpartner.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

  Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the  

  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934  

  (Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

I,
Paul Zepf, certify that:  

1.  I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Global Partner Acquisition Corp.;  

2.  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)       [omitted
pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies.]  

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d)       disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)       any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
     By:    
      /s/
    Paul Zepf   

Name:  
       Paul
                                         Zepf  

Title:  
      Chief
    Executive Officer 
     (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_globalpartner.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

  Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(e) under the  

  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934  

  (Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

I,
Andrew Cook, certify that:  

1.  I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Global Partner Acquisition Corp.;  

2.  Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.  Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

a)       designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)       [omitted
pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies.]  

c)       evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and  

d)       disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)       all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)       any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
     By:    
      /s/
    Andrew Cook   

Name:  
       Andrew
Cook    

Title:  
       Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary  
                                                                                           (Principal
Financial Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_globalpartner.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

  Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Global Partner Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Paul Zepf, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)           The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and  

(2)           The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Dated:
    November 1, 2016    
     By: 
      /s/
    Paul Zepf   

Name: 
       Paul
Zepf  

Title: 
       Chief
Executive Officer  
                                                                                  (Principal
Executive Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_globalpartner.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

  Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)  

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Global Partner Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September
30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Andrew Cook, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:  

(1)           The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)           The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Dated:
November 1, 2016  
     By: 
      /s/
    Andrew Cook   

Name: 
       Andrew
Cook  

Title: 
     Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  (Principal
        Financial Officer)     

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 gpac-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gpac-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gpac-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gpac-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gpac-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gpac-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

