<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_933034_0001564590-16-028307_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6873651</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89150</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>255127</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1438719</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2669602</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1653389</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028307.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108160120
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028307
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161002
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STRATTEC SECURITY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000933034
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				391804239
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0703

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25150
		FILM NUMBER:		161981252

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3333 WEST GOOD HOPE ROAD
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4142473333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3333 W GOOD HOPE ROAD
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028307.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 strt-10q_20161002.htm
 10-Q

strt-10q_20161002.htm

H9DruF4  
   
 UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, DC 20549    
   
 FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended October 2, 2016  
 or  

For the transition period from                        to                         
 Commission File Number 0-25150  
   
 STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION  
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

3333 West Good Hope Road, Milwaukee, WI 53209  
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
 (414) 247-3333  
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     YES           NO         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     YES           NO         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large Accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller Reporting Company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     YES           NO         
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date.  
 Common stock, par value $0.01 per share: 3,587,921 shares outstanding as of October 3, 2016 (which number includes all restricted shares previously awarded that have not vested as of such date).  

STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION  
 FORM 10-Q 
 October 2, 2016 
 INDEX 

Page  

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1  
 
   Financial Statements    

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    
 
 5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 6-17  

Item 2  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 18-24  

Item 3  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
 
 25  

Item 4  
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 
 27  

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1  
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 
 28  

Item 1A    
 
   Risk Factors    
 
 28  

Item 2  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
 28  

Item 3  
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
 
 28  

Item 4  
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures    
 
 28  

Item 5  
 
   Other Information    
 
 28  

Item 6  
 
   Exhibits    
 
 28  

PROSPECTIVE INFORMATION 
 A number of the matters and subject areas discussed in this Form 10-Q contain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as  anticipate,   believe,   would,   expect,   intend,   may,   planned,   potential,   should,   will,  and  could,  or the negative of these terms or words of similar meaning. These include statements regarding expected future financial results, product offerings, global expansion, liquidity needs, financing ability, planned capital expenditures, management's or the Company s expectations and beliefs, and similar matters discussed in this Form 10-Q. The discussions of such matters and subject areas are qualified by the inherent risks and uncertainties surrounding future expectations generally, and also may materially differ from the Company s actual future experience.  
 The Company s business, operations and financial performance are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could result in material differences in actual results from the Company s current expectations. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions, in particular relating to the automotive industry, consumer demand for the Company s and its customers  products, competitive and technological developments, customer purchasing actions, changes in warranty provisions and customers  product recall policies,  foreign currency fluctuations, costs of operations, the volume and scope of product returns and warranty claims and other matters described in the section titled  Risk Factors  in the Company s Form 10-K report filed on September 8, 2016 with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended July 3, 2016. 
 Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein are only made as of the date of this Form 10-Q and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Form 10-Q.  

Item 1 Financial Statements   
 STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income  
 (In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)  
 (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 

3 

STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 (In Thousands, Except Share Amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

4 

STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 (In Thousands)  
 (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  

5 

STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited)  
 Basis of Financial Statements  
 STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION designs, develops, manufactures and markets automotive access control products including mechanical locks and keys, electronically enhanced locks and keys, steering column and instrument panel ignition lock housings, latches, power sliding door systems, power lift gate systems, power deck lid systems, door handles and related products for primarily North American automotive customers. We also supply global automotive manufacturers through a unique strategic relationship with WITTE Automotive ( WITTE ) of Velbert, Germany, and ADAC Automotive ( ADAC ) of Grand Rapids, Michigan. Under this relationship, STRATTEC, WITTE and ADAC market the products of each company to global customers under the  VAST  brand name (as more fully described herein). STRATTEC products are shipped to customer locations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, South America, Korea, China and India, and we provide full service and aftermarket support for each partner s company s products. We also maintain a 51 percent interest in a joint venture, STRATTEC Advanced Logic, LLC ( SAL LLC ), which exists to introduce a new generation of biometric security products based on the designs of Actuator Systems, our partner and the owner of the remaining ownership interest. 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the consolidated results of STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION, its wholly owned Mexican subsidiary, STRATTEC de Mexico, and its majority owned subsidiaries, ADAC-STRATTEC, LLC and STRATTEC POWER ACCESS LLC. STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION is located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. STRATTEC de Mexico is located in Juarez, Mexico. ADAC-STRATTEC, LLC and STRATTEC POWER ACCESS LLC have operations in El Paso, Texas and Juarez, Mexico. Equity investments in Vehicle Access Systems Technology LLC ( VAST LLC ) and SAL LLC, for which we exercise significant influence but do not control and are not the primary beneficiary, are accounted for using the equity method. VAST LLC consists primarily of three wholly owned subsidiaries in China, one wholly owned subsidiary in Brazil and one joint venture entity in India. SAL LLC is located in El Paso, Texas. We have only one reporting segment.  
 In the opinion of management, the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of October 2, 2016 and July 3, 2016, which have been derived from our audited financial statements, and the related unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included herein contain all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring items, necessary for their fair presentation in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated.  
 Interim financial results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year. The information included in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION 2016 Annual Report, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to our Form 10-K on September 8, 2016. 

New Accounting Standards 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued an update to the accounting guidance for the recognition of revenue arising from contracts with customers. The update supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance and outlines a single comprehensive model for revenue recognition based on the principle that an entity should recognize revenue in an amount that reflects the expected consideration to be received in the exchange of goods and services. The guidance update also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. The guidance update is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and becomes effective for us at the beginning of our 2019 fiscal year. We are currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
   
 In August 2014, the FASB issued an update to the accounting guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new guidance requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued.  An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. This accounting update is effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.  We do not expect that the adoption of this pronouncement will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
   
 6 

In February 2015, the FASB issued an update to the accounting guidance   that   amends current consolidation guidance by modifying the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entit  ies, eliminating the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with variable interest entities. The update is effective for interim and annual   reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of   this pronouncement did not have     a   m  aterial impact on our   consolidated financial statements.  
   
 In April 2015 and August 2015, the FASB issued updates to the accounting guidance for debt issuance costs. The updated guidance requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability and allows an entity to defer and present debt issuance costs associated with a line of credit arrangement as an asset, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line of credit arrangement. The guidance updates are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In July 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard to simplify the measurement of inventory by changing the subsequent measurement guidance from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value for inventory. The standard update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those years, and early adoption is permitted. The standard is to be applied prospectively. We do not expect that the adoption of this pronouncement will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In November 2015, the FASB issued an update to an accounting standard to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as non-current in a classified statement of financial position, which would be a change from our historical presentation whereby certain of our deferred tax assets and liabilities were classified as current and the remainder were classified as non-current. The standard update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those years, and early adoption is permitted. The standard is to be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax assets and liabilities or retrospectively to all periods presented. We have elected to adopt this guidance effective July 3, 2016, and have applied the guidance retrospectively. 
   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued an update to the accounting guidance for leases. The update increases the transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and to disclose key information about leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those years. We are currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.  
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued an update to the accounting guidance for share-based payments. The update simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification of such items in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those years. We are currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued an update to the accounting guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments. The update aims to eliminate diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those years. We are currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

Derivative Instruments 
 We own and operate manufacturing operations in Mexico.  As a result, a portion of our manufacturing costs are incurred in Mexican pesos, which causes our earnings and cash flows to fluctuate due to changes in the U.S. dollar/Mexican peso exchange rate.  We executed contracts with Bank of Montreal that provide for bi-weekly and monthly Mexican peso currency forward contracts for a portion of our estimated peso denominated operating costs. The peso currency forward contracts include settlement dates that began on October 16, 2015 and end on June 15, 2018.  Our objective in entering into these currency forward contracts is to minimize our earnings volatility resulting from changes in exchange rates affecting the U.S. dollar cost of our Mexican operations. The Mexican peso forward contracts are not used for speculative purposes and are not designated as hedges.  As a result, all currency forward contracts are recognized in our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements at fair value and changes in the fair value are reported in current earnings as part of Other Income (Expense), net. 
 7 

The following table quantifies the outstanding Mexican peso forward contracts as of   October 2  , 2016 (thousands of dollars, except average forward contractual exchange ra  tes):  

The fair market value of all outstanding Mexican peso forward contracts in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets was as follows (thousands of dollars): 

The pre-tax effects of the Mexican peso forward contracts are included in Other Income (Expense), net on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and consisted of the following (thousands of dollars): 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments    
 The fair value of our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and borrowings under our credit facility approximated book value as of October 2, 2016 and July 3, 2016. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid for a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  
 The following table summarizes our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of October 2, 2016 (in thousands):  

Fair Value Inputs  

Level 1 Assets: 
 Quoted Prices 
 In   Active Markets  

Level 2 Assets: 
 Observable 
 Inputs Other 
 Than Market 
 Prices  

Level 3 Assets: 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs  

Assets:  

Rabbi Trust Assets:  

Stock Index Funds:  

Small Cap  

$  
 
 376  

$  

$  

Mid Cap  

374  

Large Cap  

516  

International  

414  

Fixed Income Funds  

704  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

2  

Total Assets at Fair Value  

$  
 
 2,384  

$  
 
 2  

$  

Liabilities:  

Mexican Peso Forward Contracts  

$  

$  
 
 1,788  

$  

8 

The Rabbi Trust assets fund our amended and restated supplemental executive retirement plan and are included in Other Long-term Assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to discussion of Mexican peso forward contracts under Derivative Instruments above. The fair value of the Mexican peso forward contracts considers the remaining term, current exchange rate, and interest rate differentials between the two currencies. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 assets during the three month period ended October 2, 2016.  

Equity Earnings (Loss) Earnings of Joint Ventures  
 We hold a one-third interest in a joint venture company, VAST LLC, with WITTE and ADAC. VAST LLC exists to seek opportunities to manufacture and sell all three companies  products in areas of the world outside of North America and Europe. Our investment in VAST LLC, for which we exercise significant influence but do not control and are not the primary beneficiary, is accounted for using the equity method.  
 The following are summarized statements of operations for VAST LLC (in thousands):   

We hold a 51% ownership interest in a joint venture company, SAL LLC, which exists to introduce a new generation of biometric security products based upon the designs of Actuator Systems LLC, our partner. SAL LLC had a $1.5 million revolving credit facility (the  SAL Credit Facility ) with BMO Harris Bank N.A., which was fully guaranteed by STRATTEC. The SAL Credit Facility had a maturity date of February 16, 2016. Outstanding borrowings under the SAL Credit Facility as of February 16, 2016 totaled $1.5 million. SAL LLC did not have cash available to pay the outstanding debt balance as of the maturity date. Therefore, STRATTEC made a payment of $1.5 million on its guarantee on February 16, 2016. SAL LLC is considered a variable interest entity based on the STRATTEC guarantee and additional loans from STRATTEC as discussed below. STRATTEC is not the primary beneficiary and does not control the entity. Accordingly, our investment in SAL LLC is accounted for using the equity method. Prior to making the guarantee payment, STRATTEC had a recorded liability related to the guarantee of $1.5 million at February 16, 2016, which amount was equal to the estimated fair value of the guarantee as of this date. STRATTEC s proportionate share of the guarantee based on our ownership percentage in SAL LLC totaled $765,000 as of February 16, 2016, and accordingly, our investment in SAL LLC included this amount as of this date. Our joint venture partner did not guarantee their proportionate share of the SAL Credit Facility. As a result, we recorded a loss equal to our partner s proportionate share of the fair value of the STRATTEC guarantee based upon our partner s ownership interest in the joint venture during our fiscal years 2015 and 2016.  
 SAL LLC maintains a license agreement with Westinghouse allowing SAL LLC to do business as Westinghouse Security. Payments due Westinghouse under the license agreement were guaranteed by STRATTEC. As of October 2, 2016 and July 3, 2016, STRATTEC has a recorded liability equal to the estimated fair value of the future payments due under this guarantee of $250,000. The liability is included in Other Long-term Liabilities in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 Loans were made from STRATTEC to SAL LLC in support of operating expenses and working capital needs. The outstanding loan amounts totaled $1.2 million and $325,000 as of October 2, 2016 and July 3, 2016, respectively. As of October 2, 2016, the outstanding loan amount was eliminated against STRATTEC s Investment in SAL LLC in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.  
 9 

Even t  hough we maintain a 51 percent ownership interest in SAL LLC  , effective with our fiscal 2015 fourth quarter, 100 percent of the funding for SAL LLC was being made by   loans from STRATTEC to SAL LLC  . There  fore, STRATTEC recognized   100 percent of the losses o  f SAL LLC   up to our committed financial support   through Equity (Loss) Earnings of Joint Ventures in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income   for all periods presented in this report  .  
 The following are summarized statements of operations for SAL, LLC (in thousands): 

We have sales of component parts to VAST LLC and SAL LLC, purchases of component parts from VAST LLC, expenses charged to VAST LLC for engineering and accounting services and expenses charged to us from VAST LLC for general headquarters expenses.  The following table summarizes these related party transactions with VAST LLC and SAL LLC for the periods indicated below (in thousands): 

Credit Facilities and Guarantees  
 STRATTEC has a $30 million secured revolving credit facility (the  STRATTEC Credit Facility ) with BMO Harris Bank N.A. ADAC-STRATTEC LLC has a $20 million secured revolving credit facility (the  ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility ) with BMO Harris Bank N.A., which is guaranteed by STRATTEC. The credit facilities both expire August 1, 2019. Borrowings under either credit facility are secured by our cash balances, accounts receivable, inventory and fixed assets located in the U.S. Interest on borrowings under both credit facilities is at varying rates based, at our option, on the London Interbank Offering Rate ( LIBOR ) plus 1.0 percent or the bank s prime rate. Both credit facilities contain a restrictive financial covenant that requires the applicable borrower to maintain a minimum net worth level. The ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility includes an additional restrictive financial covenant that requires the maintenance of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. The ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility also required that a capital contribution to ADAC-STRATTEC LLC of $6 million collectively from STRATTEC and ADAC be completed by September 30, 2016. This capital contribution was completed as required. STRATTEC s portion of the capital contribution totaled $3.06 million. As of October 2, 2016, we were in compliance with all financial covenants required by these credit facilities.  
 Outstanding borrowings under the credit facilities were as follows (in thousands):    

10 

Average outstanding borrowings and the weighted average interest rate under each credit facility referenced above were as follows for each period presented (in thousands): 

Commitments and Contingencies  
 We are from time to time subject to various legal actions and claims incidental to our business, including those arising out of alleged defects, alleged breaches of contracts, product warranties, intellectual property matters and employment related matters. It is our opinion that the outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. With respect to warranty matters, although we cannot ensure that future costs of warranty claims by customers will not be material, we believe our established reserves are adequate to cover potential warranty settlements. 
 ADAC STRATTEC de Mexico (ASdM), a wholly owned subsidiary of ADAC-STRATTEC LLC, which is a joint venture between STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION and ADAC Automotive, is in the process of constructing a new manufacturing facility in Leon, Mexico. Total capital expenditures required for the land, facility, paint system, and assembly equipment is expected to total approximately $22 million. Capital expenditures made through October 2, 2016 for the land, facility and equipment totaled $10.7 million. We anticipate financing the required capital expenditures through a combination of current cash balances, bank loans, and current operating cash flow .  
 In 1995, we recorded a provision of $3 million for estimated costs to remediate an environmental contamination site at our Milwaukee facility. The facility was contaminated by a solvent spill, which occurred in 1985, from a former above ground solvent storage tank located on the east side of the facility. The reserve was originally established based on third party estimates to adequately cover the cost for active remediation of the contamination. Due to changing technology and related costs associated with active remediation of the contamination, in fiscal 2010, the reserve was adjusted based on updated third party estimates to adequately cover the cost for active remediation of the contamination. Additionally, in fiscal 2016, we obtained updated third party estimates for adequately covering the cost for active remediation of this contamination. Based upon the updated estimates, no further adjustment to the reserve was required. From 1995 through October 2, 2016, costs of approximately $515,000 have been incurred related to the installation of monitoring wells on the property and ongoing monitoring costs. We monitor and evaluate the site with the use of these groundwater monitoring wells. An environmental consultant samples these wells one or two times a year to determine the status of the contamination and the potential for remediation of the contamination by natural attenuation, the dissipation of the contamination over time to concentrations below applicable standards. If such sampling evidences a sufficient degree of and trend toward natural attenuation of the contamination at the site, we may be able to obtain a closure letter from the regulatory authorities resolving the issue without the need for active remediation. If a sufficient degree and trend toward natural attenuation is not evidenced by sampling, a more active form of remediation beyond natural attenuation may be required. The sampling has not yet satisfied all of the requirements for closure by natural attenuation. As a result, sampling continues and the reserve remains at an amount to reflect the estimated cost of active remediation. The reserve is not measured on a discounted basis. We believe, based on findings-to-date and known environmental regulations, that the remaining environmental reserve of $1.4 million at October 2, 2016 is adequate.  

11 

Shareholders  Equity   
 A summary of activity impacting shareholders  equity for the three month period ended October 2, 2016 was as follows (in thousands): 

Other Income (Expense), net  
 Net other income included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income primarily included foreign currency transaction gains and losses, realized and unrealized losses on our Mexican peso currency forward contracts and Rabbi Trust gains and losses. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses resulted from activity associated with foreign denominated assets held by our Mexican subsidiaries. We entered into the Mexican Peso currency forward contracts to minimize earnings volatility resulting from changes in exchange rates affecting the U.S. dollar cost of our Mexican operations. The Rabbi Trust assets fund our amended and restated supplemental executive retirement plan. The investments held in this Trust are considered trading securities.  
 The impact of these items for each of the periods presented was as follows (in thousands):  

Income Taxes  
 The income tax provisions for the three months periods ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 were affected by the non-controlling interest portion of our pre-tax income. The reduction in our effective tax rate in the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter was due to the increased impact of the non-controlling interest in certain of our subsidiaries. The non-controlling interest impacts the effective tax rate as ADAC-STRATTEC LLC and STRATTEC POWER ACCESS LLC entities are taxed as partnerships for U.S. tax purposes. 

Earnings Per Share (EPS)  
 Basic earnings per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the applicable period. Diluted earnings per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of shares of common stock plus the potential dilutive common shares outstanding during the applicable period using the treasury stock method. Potential dilutive common shares include outstanding stock options and unvested restricted stock awards.  
 12 

A reconciliation of the components of the basic and diluted per-share computations follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):   

We consider unvested restricted stock that provides the holder with a non-forfeitable right to receive dividends to be a participating security.  
 The calculation of earnings per share excluded 14,010 and 10,000 share-based payment awards for the three month periods ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively, because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.   

Stock-based Compensation  
 We maintain an omnibus stock incentive plan. This plan provides for the granting of stock options, shares of restricted stock and stock appreciation rights. As of October 2, 2016, the Board of Directors had designated 1,850,000 shares of common stock available for the grant of awards under the plan. Remaining shares available to be granted under the plan as of October 2, 2016 were 204,939. Awards that expire or are canceled without delivery of shares become available for re-issuance under the plan. We issue new shares of common stock to satisfy stock option exercises.  
 Nonqualified and incentive stock options and shares of restricted stock have been granted to our officers, outside directors and specified associates under our stock incentive plan. Stock options granted under the plan may not be issued with an exercise price less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date the option is granted. Stock options become exercisable as determined at the date of grant by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The options expire 10 years after the grant date unless an earlier expiration date is set at the time of grant. The options vest 1 to 4 years after the date of grant. Shares of restricted stock granted under the plan are subject to vesting criteria determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors at the time the shares are granted and have a minimum vesting period of three years from the date of grant. Restricted shares granted prior to August 2014 have voting and dividend rights, regardless of whether the shares are vested or unvested. Restricted shares granted during August 2014 and thereafter have voting rights, regardless of whether the shares are vested or unvested, but only have the right to receive cash dividends after such shares become vested. Prior to August 2015, the restricted stock grants issued vest 3 years after the date of grant. As of August 2015, restricted stock grants issued vest 3 to 5 years after the date of grant.  
 The fair value of each stock option grant was estimated as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The fair value of each restricted stock grant was based on the market price of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant. The resulting compensation cost for fixed awards with graded vesting schedules is amortized on a straight line basis over the vesting period for the entire award.  
 13 

A summary of stock option activity under our stock incentive plan for   the three months ended October 2  , 2016 was as follows:   

The intrinsic value of stock options exercised and the fair value of stock options that vested during the three month periods presented below are as follows (in thousands): 

No options were granted during the three month period ended October 2, 2016 or September 27, 2015.    
   
 A summary of restricted stock activity under our omnibus stock incentive plan for the three months ended October 2, 2016 was as follows:  

As of October 2, 2016, there was $92,375 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding stock options granted under our omnibus stock incentive plan. This cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of 0.5 years. As of October 2, 2016, there was approximately $2.5 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock grants outstanding under the plan. This cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of 1.2 years. Total unrecognized compensation cost will be adjusted for any future changes in estimated and actual forfeitures of awards granted under our omnibus stock incentive plan.  

14 

Pension and Postretirement Benefits   
 We have a qualified, noncontributory defined benefit pension plan ( Qualified Pension Plan ) covering substantially all U.S. associates. Benefits under the Qualified Pension Plan are based on years of service and final average compensation. Our policy is to fund the Qualified Pension Plan with at least the minimum actuarially computed annual contribution required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). Plan assets consist primarily of listed equity and fixed income securities. Effective December 31, 2009, an amendment to the Qualified Pension Plan discontinued the benefit accruals for salary increases and credited service rendered after that date.  On April 2, 2014, our Board of Directors approved a resolution to terminate the Qualified Pension Plan.  The termination of the Qualified Pension Plan is subject to the Internal Revenue Service s ( IRS ) determination that the Qualified Pension Plan is qualified on termination.  We believe it will take 18 to 24 months to finalize the complete termination of the Qualified Pension Plan after obtaining IRS approval.  We have not yet received IRS approval that the Qualified Pension Plan is qualified on termination. Additionally, we have amended the Qualified Pension Plan to provide that participants are 100 percent vested in their accrued benefits as of the effective date of the plan termination, to adopt a new standard for disability benefits that will apply when the plan s assets are distributed due to the termination, to add a lump sum distribution for employees and terminated vested participants who are not in payment status when Qualified Pension Plan assets are distributed due to the termination and to make certain other conforming amendments to the Qualified Pension Plan to comply with applicable laws that may be required by the IRS or may be deemed necessary or advisable to improve the administration of the Qualified Pension Plan or facilitate its termination and liquidation.  We also intend to make contributions to the Trust Fund for the Qualified Pension Plan to ensure that there are sufficient assets to provide all Qualified Pension Plan benefits as of the anticipated distribution date.  The financial impact of the plan termination will be recognized as a settlement of the Qualified Pension Plan liabilities.  The settlement date and related financial impact have not yet been determined. 
 We have historically had in place a noncontributory supplemental executive retirement plan ( SERP ), which prior to January 1, 2014 was a nonqualified defined benefit plan that essentially mirrored the Qualified Pension Plan, but provided benefits in excess of certain limits placed on our Qualified Pension Plan by the Internal Revenue Code.  As noted above, we froze our Qualified Pension Plan effective as of December 31, 2009 and the SERP provided benefits to participants as if the Qualified Pension Plan had not been frozen.  Because the Qualified Pension Plan was frozen and because new employees were not eligible to participate in the Qualified Pension Plan, our Board of Directors adopted amendments to the SERP on October 8, 2013 that were effective as of December 31, 2013 to simplify the SERP calculation.  The SERP is funded through a Rabbi Trust with BMO Harris Bank N.A.  Under the amended SERP, participants received an accrued lump-sum benefit as of December 31, 2013 which was credited to each participant s account.  Subsequent to December 31, 2013, each eligible participant receives a supplemental retirement benefit equal to the foregoing lump sum benefit, plus an annual benefit accrual equal to 8 percent of the participant s base salary and cash bonus, plus annual credited interest on the participant s account balance.  All then current participants as of December 31, 2013 are fully vested in their account balances with any new individuals participating in the SERP effective on or after January 1, 2014 being subject to a five year vesting period.  The SERP, which is considered a defined benefit plan under applicable rules and regulations of the Internal Revenue Code, will continue to be funded through use of a Rabbi Trust to hold investment assets to be used in part to fund any future required lump sum benefit payments to participants.  The Rabbi Trust assets had a value of $2.4 million at October 2, 2016 and $2.3 million at July 3, 2016, respectively, and are included in Other Long-Term Assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 We also sponsor a postretirement health care plan for all U.S. associates hired prior to June 1, 2001. The expected cost of retiree health care benefits is recognized during the years the associates who are covered under the plan render service. Effective January 1, 2010, an amendment to the postretirement health care plan limited the benefit for future eligible retirees to $4,000 per plan year and the benefit is further subject to a maximum five year coverage period based on the associate s retirement date and age. The postretirement health care plan is unfunded.  
 Net periodic benefit costs under these plans are allocated between Cost of Goods Sold and Engineering, Selling and Administrative Expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income.  
 15 

The following table sum  marize  s   the net periodic benefit cost recognized for each of the periods indicated under these plans (in thousands):   

Voluntary contributions of $3 million were made to the Qualified Pension Plan during the three month period ended October 2, 2016. No contributions were made to the Qualified Pension Plan during the three month periods ended September 27, 2015. Additional contributions totaling $2 million are anticipated to be made during the remainder of fiscal 2017.  

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  
 The following tables summarize the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss ( AOCL ) for each period presented (in thousands):  

16 

(A)   
 
 Amounts reclassified are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost, which is included in Cost of Goods Sold and Engineering, Selling and Administrative expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. See Pension and Postretirement Benefits note to these Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements above.     

17 

Item 2  
 STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION s accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto and its 2016 Annual Report which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to its Form 10-K on September 8, 2016. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to quarters and years refer to fiscal quarters and fiscal years. 
 Outlook 
 During fiscal year ended July 3, 2016, we experienced stronger sales demand for our components from our major North American automotive customers, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, General Motors Company and Ford Motor Company, as it relates to light trucks and both sport and car based utility vehicles in comparison to passenger cars, which was likely influenced by lower gas prices. Since this time period, we have seen slight increases in gas prices and customer actions in temporarily closing facility production at Ford relating to the F-150 pickup trucks, Focus, Fusion and Escape models and Fiat Chrysler discontinuing production on the Dodge Dart and Chrysler 200 passenger cars. These actions will have an impact on both our second fiscal quarter and full fiscal year sales. As we look out over the next calendar year, the current projections from our third-party forecasting service indicate that North American light vehicle production will remain flat with levels experienced over the past calendar year. 
 Analysis of Results of Operations 
 Three months ended October 2, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 27, 2015 

Net sales to each of our customers or customer groups in the current year quarter and prior year quarter were as follows (in millions):    

Sales to Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in the current year quarter decreased in comparison to the prior year quarter due to lower customer vehicle production volume and content on the Chrysler 200, which is to be discontinued in December 2016, and lower content on the new Chrysler Pacifica Minivan. Increased sales to General Motors Company in the current year quarter over the prior year quarter was attributed to higher customer production volumes and content on vehicles for which we supply components. Increased sales to Ford Motor Company in the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter were attributed to increased product content on locksets and latches, in particular for the F-150 pick-up truck. Sales to Tier 1 customers were flat in comparison to the prior year quarter. Sales to commercial and other OEM customers during the current year quarter increased in comparison to the prior year quarter due to new customer programs. These customers, along with Tier 1 customers, primarily represent purchasers of vehicle access control products, such as latches, fobs, and driver controls that have been developed in recent years to complement our historic core business of locks and keys. The increased sales to Hyundai / Kia in the current year quarter over the prior year quarter were due to higher levels of production on vehicles for which we supply components. 

18 

Direct material costs are the most significant component of our cost of goods sold and comprised $56.6 million or 66.1 percent of cost of goods sold in the current year quarter compared to $53.3 million or 66.6 percent of cost of goods sold in the prior year quarter. The increase in our direct material costs between these quarters of $5.6 million or 7.0 percent was due to increased sales volumes in the current year period as compared to the prior year period.  
 The remaining components of cost of goods sold consist of labor and overhead costs which increased $2.3 million or 8.6 percent to $29.0 million in the current year quarter from $26.7 million in the prior year quarter. The variable portion of these costs increased due to the increased sales volumes in the current year quarter over the prior year quarter. In addition, the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter included higher than expected production and expediting costs to meet certain customer schedules, which costs were partially offset by a reduction of approximately $1.7 million in the U.S. dollar value of our Mexican operations due to a favorable Mexican peso to U.S. dollar exchange rate between these quarterly periods and a reduction in expense provisions for the accrual of bonuses under our incentive bonus plans. The average U.S. dollar / Mexican peso exchange rate increased to approximately 18.73 pesos to the dollar in the current year quarter from approximately 16.37 pesos to the dollar in the prior year quarter. 

The reduction in gross profit and gross profit as a percentage of net sales in the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter were the result of agreed upon customer price reductions that became effective at the start of the 2016 calendar year and higher than expected production and expediting costs to meet certain customer schedules, which were partially offset by a favorable Mexican peso to U.S. dollar exchange rate affecting the cost of our Mexican operations and a reduction in expense provisions for the accrual of bonuses under our incentive bonus plans, all as discussed above. 
 Engineering, selling and administrative expenses in the current year quarter and prior year quarter were as follows: 

Engineering, selling and administrative expenses increased approximately $800,000 between periods. The increase in these costs in the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter was due to higher new product program development costs for which we are utilizing third party vendors for a portion of the development work, partially offset by a reduction in expense provisions for the accrual of bonuses under our incentive bonus plans. 
 Income from operations in the current year quarter was $3.2 million compared to $5.9 million in the prior year quarter. This reduction in income from operations was the result of a reduction in our gross profit and an increase in engineering, selling and administrative expenses in the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter as discussed above.   
 The equity earnings (loss) of joint ventures was comprised of the following in the current year quarter and prior year quarter (in thousands): 

19 

STRATTEC is not the primary beneficiary and does not control STRATTEC Advanced Logic, LLC ( SAL LLC ). Accordingly, our investment in SAL LLC is accounted for using the equity method.   During all periods presented in this report  , 100 percent of the funding   for SAL LLC was being made through loans from STRATTEC to SAL LLC and through STRATTEC s guarantee of the SAL Credit Facility which is discussed herein. Therefore,   during all periods presented in this report  , even though STRATTEC maintains a 51 percent own  ership interest in SAL LLC, STRATTEC   recognized   100 percent of the losses of SAL LLC   up to our committed financial support  .   
 Included in other income (expense), net in the current year quarter and prior year quarter were the following items (in thousands): 

Foreign currency transaction gains during the current year quarter resulted from activity associated with foreign denominated assets held by our Mexican subsidiaries. We entered into the Mexican peso currency forward contracts to minimize earnings volatility resulting from changes in exchange rates affecting the U.S. dollar cost of our Mexican operations. Unrealized losses on the peso forward contracts recognized as a result of mark-to-market adjustments as of October 2, 2016 may or may not be realized in future periods, depending on the actual Mexican peso to U.S. dollar exchange rates experienced during the balance of the contract period. Our Rabbi Trust assets fund our amended and restated supplemental executive retirement plan. The investments held in the Trust are considered trading securities.   
 Our effective tax rate was 27.2 percent for the current year quarter compared to 31.4 percent for the prior year quarter. Our income tax provision for the current year quarter was affected by the increased impact of the non-controlling interest in certain of our subsidiaries. The non-controlling interest impacts the effective tax rate as ADAC-STRATTEC LLC and STRATTEC POWER ACCESS LLC entities are taxed as partnerships for U.S. tax purposes.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Outstanding Receivable Balances from Major Customers 
 Our primary source of cash flow is from our major customers, which include Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, General Motors Company and Ford Motor Company. As of the date of filing this Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission, all of our major customers are making payments on their outstanding accounts receivable in accordance with the payment terms included on their purchase orders. A summary of our outstanding receivable balances from our major customers as of October 2, 2016 was as follows (in millions): 

Cash Balances in Mexico 
 We earn a portion of our operating income in Mexico, which is deemed to be permanently reinvested. As of October 2, 2016, $10.4 million of our $17.1 million cash and cash equivalents balance was deemed to be permanently reinvested in Mexico. A portion of our cash balances in Mexico will be used for future capital expenditures and future plant expansion in Mexico. We currently do not intend nor foresee a need to repatriate these funds. We expect existing domestic cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit facility to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as regular quarterly dividends and capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Should we require more capital in the U.S. than is generated by our operations domestically, for example to fund significant discretionary activities, such as acquisitions of businesses and share repurchases, we could elect to repatriate future earnings from foreign jurisdictions. These alternatives could result in higher effective tax rates, increased interest expense, and dilution of our earnings.  
 20 

Cash Flow Analysis  

Net cash provided by operating activities was $5.0 million during the current year quarter compared to $4.0 million during the prior year quarter. The change in operating cash flow between quarters was impacted by a decrease in working capital requirements in the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter, partially offset by a reduction in our operating profit in the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter, as discussed above under Analysis of Results of Operations. The decrease in our working capital requirements between quarters was made up of the following working capital changes (in millions): 

The quarter over quarter change in the accounts receivable balances reflected an increase in accounts receivable balances during the current year quarter compared to a reduction in accounts receivable balances during the prior year quarter. The increase in the accounts receivable balances during the current year quarter reflected higher sales levels toward the end of our current year quarter as compared to the end of our June 2016 quarter. The decrease in accounts receivable balances during the prior year quarter reflected a reduction in outstanding receivable balances related to customer tooling billings as such outstanding balances were collected during that quarter. The quarter over quarter change in inventory reflected an increase in inventory balances during the prior year quarter, which was the result of prepayments of zinc commitments and lower sales of parts we supply for certain customer vehicle programs. The quarter over quarter change in other assets reflected cash contributions of $3 million to our qualified pension plan during the current year quarter while no cash contributions were made during the prior year quarter, partially offset by a larger reduction in income tax recoverable balances in the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter, which was based on the required tax provision and the timing and amounts of Federal, state, and foreign tax payments. The quarter over quarter change in accounts payable and accrued liability balances reflected a reduction in cash payments under our incentive bonus plans between quarters. Such cash payments totaled $837,000 in the current year quarter compared to $5.2 million during the prior year quarter.  
 Net cash used by investing activities of $8.2 million during the current year quarter and $4.0 million during the prior year quarter included capital expenditures of $7.4 million and $3.9 million, respectively. Capital expenditures during each quarter were made in support of requirements for new product programs and the upgrade and replacement of existing equipment. Current year quarter capital expenditures also included $3.7 million related to the construction of a new ADAC-STRATTEC facility and the purchase of related equipment in Leon, Mexico. Refer to discussion under Future Capital Expenditures included herein. Net cash used by investing activities during the current year quarter also included $850,000 of loans to our joint venture, SAL LLC, in support of operating expenses, working capital needs, and the payment of outstanding balances due to STRATTEC for the supply of parts. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities during the current year quarter of $4.7 million included $8.0 million of additional borrowings under credit facilities and $2.9 million in non-controlling interest contributions to ADAC-STRATTEC LLC in accordance with the ADAC-STRATTEC debt facility provisions, partially offset by repayments of borrowings under credit facilities of $4.0 million, $503,000 of regular quarterly dividend payments to shareholders and $1.8 million of dividend payments to non-controlling interests in our subsidiaries. Net cash used in financing activities of $5.1 million during the prior year quarter included repayments of borrowings under credit facilities of $4.5 million, $466,000 of regular quarterly dividend payments to shareholders and $1.6 million of dividend payments to non-controlling interests in our subsidiaries, partially offset by $1.0 million of additional borrowings under credit facilities and $483,000 of proceeds received from stock option exercises and related excess tax benefits. 
 21 

VAST LLC Cash Requirements  
 No cash capital contributions were made to VAST LLC during the current year quarter or the prior year quarter. We currently anticipate that both VAST China and Minda-VAST Access Systems have adequate debt facilities in place over the next fiscal year to cover the future operating and capital requirements of each business. Due to economic conditions in Brazil, we anticipate Sistema de Acesso Veicular Ltda, will require a capital contribution of approximately $750,000 collectively by all VAST partners to fund operations during the remainder of fiscal year 2017. STRATTEC s portion of the capital contributions is anticipated to be $250,000. 
 ADAC-STRATTEC LLC Cash Requirements 
 As discussed under Future Capital Expenditures included herein, ADAC-STRATTEC de Mexico (ASdM), a wholly owned subsidiary of ADAC-STRATTEC LLC, which is a joint venture between STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION and ADAC Automotive, is in the process of constructing a new manufacturing facility in Leon, Mexico. Total capital expenditures required for the land, facility, paint system, and assembly equipment is expected to total approximately $22 million. Capital expenditures made through October 2, 2016 for the land, facility and equipment totaled $10.7 million. We anticipate financing the remaining required capital expenditures through current cash balances, bank loans, and current operating cash flow. In contemplation of this facility construction, effective April 27, 2016, the ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility was amended to increase the available borrowings under the credit facility from $10 million to $20 million. Under the terms of the amended credit agreement, a capital contribution to ADAC-STRATTEC LLC of $6 million collectively from STRATTEC and ADAC was completed during the quarter ended October 2, 2016. STRATTEC s portion of the required capital contribution was $3.06 million. 
 STRATTEC Advanced Logic, LLC Cash Requirements 
 During all periods presented in this report, STRATTEC provided 100 percent of the financial support to fund the start-up operating losses of SAL LLC due to our partner s inability to contribute capital to this joint venture. We anticipate STRATTEC will continue to fund 100 percent of the start-up costs through fiscal year 2017. 
 Future Capital Expenditures 
 We anticipate capital expenditures will be approximately $30 million in fiscal 2017 in support of requirements for new product programs, the upgrade and replacement of existing equipment, and the construction of a new facility in Leon, Mexico. Capital expenditures totaled $7.4 million for the three month period ended October 2, 2016. On March 17, 2016, ASdM purchased land in Leon, Mexico. ASdM is in the process of constructing a new manufacturing facility on this land. This facility is expected to be used primarily to paint and assemble door handle products and is expected to be completed and operational at the end of fiscal year 2017. Currently, the ADAC-STRATTEC LLC joint venture has net sales of approximately $60 million. With newly awarded customer business, we anticipate net sales will increase to approximately $120 million within the next two years. Total capital expenditures required for the land, facility, paint system, and assembly equipment is expected to total approximately $22 million. Capital expenditures made through October 2, 2016 for the land, facility and equipment totaled $10.7 million. We anticipate financing the required capital expenditures through a combination of current cash balances, bank loans, and current operating cash flow. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized a stock repurchase program to buy back outstanding shares of our common stock. Shares authorized for buy back under the program totaled 3,839,395 at October 2, 2016. A total of 3,655,322 shares have been repurchased over the life of the program through October 2, 2016, at a cost of approximately $136.4 million. No shares were repurchased during the three month periods ended October 2, 2016 or September 27, 2015. Additional repurchases may occur from time to time and are expected to continue to be funded by cash flow from operations and current cash balances. Based on the current economic environment and our preference to conserve cash for other uses, we anticipate modest or no stock repurchase activity for the remainder of fiscal year 2017. 
 22 

Credit Facilities  
 STRATTEC has a $30 million secured revolving credit facility (the  STRATTEC Credit Facility ) with BMO Harris Bank N.A. ADAC-STRATTEC LLC has a $20 million secured revolving credit facility (the  ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility ) with BMO Harris Bank N.A., which is guaranteed by STRATTEC. The credit facilities both expire August 1, 2019. Borrowings under either credit facility are secured by our cash balances, accounts receivable, inventory and fixed assets located in the U.S. Interest on borrowings under both credit facilities is at varying rates based, at our option, on LIBOR plus 1.0 percent or the bank s prime rate. Both credit facilities contain a restrictive financial covenant that requires the applicable borrower to maintain a minimum net worth level. The ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility includes an additional restrictive financial covenant that requires the maintenance of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. The ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility also required that a capital contribution to ADAC-STRATTEC LLC of $6 million collectively from STRATTEC and ADAC be completed by September 30, 2016. This capital contribution was completed as required. STRATTEC s portion of this capital contribution totaled $3.06 million. Outstanding borrowings under the STRATTEC Credit Facility totaled $16.0 million at October 2, 2016 and $11.5 million at July 3, 2016. The average outstanding borrowings and weighted average interest rate on the STRATTEC Credit Facility loans were approximately $12.2 million and 1.5 percent, respectively, during the three months ended October 2, 2016. Outstanding borrowings under the ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility totaled $8.0 million at October 2, 2016 and $8.5 million at July 3, 2016. The average outstanding borrowings and weighted average interest rate on the ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility loans were approximately $8.5 million and 1.5 percent, respectively, during the three months ended October 2, 2016.  
 SAL LLC maintains a license agreement with Westinghouse allowing SAL LLC to do business as Westinghouse Security. STRATTEC guaranteed all payments due Westinghouse under this license agreement. As of October 2, 2016, STRATTEC has a recorded liability related to this guarantee of $250,000, which amount is equal to the amount of future payments required under the license agreement and the estimated fair value of the guarantee as of October 2, 2016. See further discussion under Equity (Loss) Earnings of Joint Ventures included in Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements herein. 
 Inflation and Other Changes in Prices 
 Inflation Related Items:  Over the past several years, we have been impacted by rising health care costs, which have increased our cost of associate medical coverage. A portion of these increases have been offset by plan design changes and associate wellness initiatives. We have also been impacted by increases in the market price of zinc and brass and inflation in Mexico, which impacts the U. S. dollar costs of our Mexican operations. We have negotiated raw material price adjustment clauses with certain, but not all, of our customers to offset some of the market price fluctuations in the cost of zinc. We have contracts with Bank of Montreal that provide for bi-weekly and monthly Mexican peso currency forward contracts for a portion of our estimated peso denominated operating costs. Refer to discussion under Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included herein. 
 Joint Ventures and Majority Owned Subsidiaries 
 We participate in certain Alliance Agreements with WITTE Automotive ( WITTE ) and ADAC Automotive ( ADAC ). WITTE, of Velbert, Germany, is a privately held automotive supplier. WITTE designs, manufactures and markets automotive components, including locks and keys, hood latches, rear compartment latches, seat back latches, door handles and specialty fasteners. WITTE s primary market for these products has been Europe. ADAC, of Grand Rapids, Michigan, is a privately held automotive supplier and manufactures engineered products, including door handles and other automotive trim parts, utilizing plastic injection molding, automated painting and various assembly processes.   
 The Alliance Agreements include a set of cross-licensing agreements for the manufacture, distribution and sale of WITTE products by STRATTEC and ADAC in North America, and the manufacture, distribution and sale of STRATTEC and ADAC products by WITTE in Europe. Additionally, a joint venture company, Vehicle Access Systems Technology LLC ( VAST LLC ), in which WITTE, STRATTEC and ADAC each hold a one-third interest, exists to seek opportunities to manufacture and sell each company s products in areas of the world outside of North America and Europe.   
 VAST LLC has investments in Sistema de Acesso Veicular Ltda, VAST Fuzhou, VAST Great Shanghai, VAST Shanghai Co. and Minda-VAST Access Systems. Sistema de Acesso Veicular Ltda is located in Brazil and services customers in South America. VAST Fuzhou, VAST Great Shanghai and VAST Shanghai Co. (collectively known as VAST China), provide a base of operations to service our automotive customers in the Asian market. VAST LLC also maintains branch offices in South Korea and Japan in support of customer sales and engineering requirements. 
   Effective April 30, 2015, VAST LLC executed an agreement with Minda Management Services Limited to become a 50:50 joint venture partner in the former Minda-Valeo Security Systems joint venture entity, based in Pune, India.  This joint venture entity was renamed Minda-VAST Access Systems ( Minda-VAST ). Minda Management Services Limited is an affiliate of both Minda Corporation Limited and Spark Minda, Ashok Minda Group of New Delhi, India (collectively  Minda ). Minda and its affiliates cater to the needs of all major car, motorcycle, commercial vehicle, tractor and off-road vehicle manufacturers in India.  They are a leading  
 23 

manufacturer in the Indian marketplace of security   access products, handles, automotive safety, restraint systems, driver information and telematics systems for both OEMs and the aftermarket.  
 The VAST LLC investments are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The activities related to the VAST LLC joint ventures resulted in equity earnings of joint ventures to STRATTEC of $390,000 during the three months ended October 2, 2016 and $133,000 during the three months ended September 27, 2015. No capital contributions were made to VAST LLC during the three month periods ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015.  
 ADAC-STRATTEC LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, was formed in fiscal year 2007 to support injection molding and door handle assembly operations in Mexico. ADAC-STRATTEC LLC was 51 percent owned by STRATTEC and 49 percent owned by ADAC for all periods presented in this report. An additional Mexican entity, ADAC-STRATTEC de Mexico, is wholly owned by ADAC-STRATTEC LLC. ADAC-STRATTEC LLC s financial results are consolidated with the financial results of STRATTEC and resulted in increased net income to STRATTEC of approximately $479,000 during the three months ended October 2, 2016 and approximately $647,000 during the three months ended September 27, 2015. In accordance with the provisions of the ADAC-STRATTEC Credit Facility a capital contribution to ADAC-STRATTEC LLC of $6 million collectively from STRATTEC and ADAC was completed during the three month period ended October 2, 2016. STRATTEC s portion of this capital contribution totaled $3.06 million. No capital contributions to ADAC-STRATTEC LLC were made during the three month period ended September 27, 2015. 
 STRATTEC POWER ACCESS LLC ( SPA ) was formed in fiscal year 2009 to supply the North American portion of the power sliding door, lift gate and deck lid system access control products which were acquired from Delphi Corporation. SPA was 80 percent owned by STRATTEC and 20 percent owned by WITTE for all periods presented in this report. The financial results of SPA are consolidated with the financial results of STRATTEC and resulted in increased net income to STRATTEC of approximately $35,000 during the three months ended October 2, 2016 and decreased net income to STRATTEC of approximately $1.1 million during the three months ended September 27, 2015.   
   
 SAL LLC was formed in fiscal 2013 to introduce a new generation of biometric security products based upon the designs of Actuator Systems LLC, our partner and the owner of the remaining ownership interest. SAL LLC was 51 percent owned by STRATTEC for all periods presented in this report. Our investment in SAL LLC, for which we exercise significant influence but do not control and are not the primary beneficiary, is accounted for using the equity method. The activities related to SAL LLC resulted in an equity loss of joint ventures to STRATTEC of approximately $328,000 during the three months ended October 2, 2016 and approximately $426,000 during the three months ended September 27, 2015. Effective with our fiscal 2015 fourth quarter, 100 percent of the funding for SAL LLC was being made through loans from STRATTEC to SAL LLC and through STRATTEC s guarantee of a SAL Credit Facility. Therefore, for all periods presented in this report, even though STRATTEC maintains a 51 percent ownership interest in SAL LLC, STRATTEC began recognizing 100 percent of the losses of SAL LLC up to our committed financial support through Equity (Loss) Earnings of Joint Ventures in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. See further discussion under Equity (Loss) Earnings of Joint Ventures included in Notes to Condense Consolidated Financial Statements herein. 
     
 24 

Item 3   Quantitative   and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
 Our exposure to market risk is limited to fluctuations in raw material commodity prices, interest rate fluctuations on borrowings under our secured revolving credit facilities and foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with STRATTEC s foreign operations. We do not utilize financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 Interest Rates: We are subject to interest rate fluctuations on borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. At October 2, 2016, we had $24.0 million of outstanding borrowings under our credit facilities. The interest expense related to borrowings under the credit facilities during the three months ended October 2, 2016 was $78,000. A 10% increase or decrease in the interest rate on our borrowings would not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
 Foreign Currency: We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate exposure related to the U.S. dollar costs of our manufacturing operations in Mexico. A portion of our manufacturing costs are incurred in Mexican pesos, which causes our earnings and cash flows to fluctuate due to changes in the U.S. dollar/Mexican peso exchange rate. We have executed contracts with Bank of Montreal that provide for bi-weekly and monthly Mexican peso currency forward contracts for a portion of our estimated peso denominated operating costs. The current peso currency forward contracts include settlement dates that began on October 16, 2015 and end on June 15, 2018. Our objective in entering into these currency forward contracts is to minimize our earnings volatility resulting from changes in exchange rates affecting the U.S. dollar cost of our Mexican operations. The Mexican peso forward contracts are not used for speculative purposes and are not designated as hedges.  As a result, all currency forward contracts are recognized in our accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements at fair value and changes in the fair value are reported in current earnings as part of Other Income (Expense), net.  
 The following table quantifies the outstanding Mexican peso forward contracts as of October 2, 2016 (thousands of dollars, except average forward contract exchange rates): 

The fair market value of all outstanding Mexican peso forward contracts in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets was as follows (thousands of dollars): 

The pre-tax effects of the Mexican peso forward contracts are included in Other Income (Expense), net on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and consisted of the following (thousands of dollars): 

25 

Raw Materials Commodity Prices: Our primary raw materials are high-grade zinc, brass,   nickel silver, aluminum, steel and plastic resins. These materials are generally available from a number of suppliers, but we have chosen to concentrate our sourcing with one primary vendor for each commodity or purchased component. We believe our sources   of raw materials are reliable and adequate for our needs. However, the development of future sourcing issues related to using existing or alternative raw materials and the global availability of these materials as well as significant fluctuations in the m  arket prices of these materials may have an adverse effect on our financial results if the increased raw material costs cannot be recovered from our customers. Given the significant financial impact on us relating to changes in the cost of our primary raw   materials, we now attempt to quote quarterly material price adjustments for changes in our zinc costs in our negotiations with our customers. Our success in obtaining these quarterly price adjustments in our customer contracts is dependent on separate nego  tiations with each customer. It is not a standard practice for our customers to include such price adjustments in their contracts. We have been successful in obtaining quarterly price adjustments in some of our customer contracts. However, we have not been   successful in obtaining the adjustments with all of our customers.  

26 

Item   4 Controls and Procedures  
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at reaching a level of reasonable assurance. It should be noted that in designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. We have designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reach a level of reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.  
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

27 

Part II   
 Other Information 
   
     Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, we may be involved in various legal proceedings from time to time.  We do not believe we are currently involved in any claim or action the ultimate disposition of which would have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
   
     Item 1A Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.  
   
   Item 2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 Our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program on October 16, 1996, and the program was publicly announced on October 17, 1996. The Board of Directors has periodically increased the number of shares authorized for repurchase under the program, most recently in August 2008. The program currently authorizes the repurchase of up to 3,839,395 shares of our common stock from time to time, directly or through brokers or agents, and has no expiration date. Over the life of the repurchase program through October 2, 2016, a total of 3,655,322 shares have been repurchased at a cost of approximately $136.4 million. No shares were repurchased during the three month period ended October 2, 2016. 
   
     Item 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities None 
   
     Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures None 
   
     Item 5 Other Information None 
   
     Item 6 Exhibits 
 (a)  Exhibits 

31.1  

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification for Frank J. Krejci, President and Chief Executive Officer  

31.2  

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification for Patrick J. Hansen, Chief Financial Officer  

32  (1)   

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certifications  

101  

The following materials from STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 2, 2016 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and furnished electronically herewith: (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

(1)    
 
     This certification is not "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

28 

SIGNATURE  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION (Registrant)  

Date: November 8, 2016  
 
 By:  

/s/ Patrick J. Hansen  

Patrick J. Hansen  

Senior Vice President,  

Chief Financial Officer,  

Treasurer and Secretary  

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)  

29  

<EX-31>
 2
 strt-ex31_7.htm
 EX-31.1

strt-ex31_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 I, Frank J. Krejci, certify that: 
   
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION;  
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
   
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
   
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
   
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
   
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
   
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
   
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
   
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
   
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
   
 Date:  November 8, 2016 
  /s/ Frank J. Krejci  
 Frank J. Krejci,  
 Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 strt-ex31_6.htm
 EX-31.2

strt-ex31_6.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
   
 I, Patrick J. Hansen, certify that: 
   
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION;  
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
   
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
   
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
   
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
   
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
   
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
   
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
   
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
   
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
   
 Date:  November 8, 2016 
  /s/ Patrick J. Hansen  
 Patrick J. Hansen, 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 strt-ex32_8.htm
 EX-32

strt-ex32_8.htm

Exhibit 32 
   
 Certification of Periodic Financial Report 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of STRATTEC SECURITY CORPORATION (the "Company") certifies that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended October 2, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Frank J. Krejci, 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Patrick J. Hansen, 
 Chief Financial Officer 

This certification is made solely for purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 strt-20161002.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 strt-20161002.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 strt-20161002_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 strt-20161002_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 strt-20161002_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 strt-20161002_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

