<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1069996_0001562762-16-000453_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12854709</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>472437</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>368318</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4896374</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4263718</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1855712</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>177</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562762-16-000453.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108163244
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562762-16-000453
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069996
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				650248866
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25001
		FILM NUMBER:		161981647

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14050 NW 14 STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 180
		CITY:			SUNRISE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33323
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9545819993

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14050 NW 14 STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 180
		CITY:			SUNRISE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33323

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	21ST CENTURY HOLDING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980909

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562762-16-000453.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 c996-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

FNHC 10Q 9-30-2016

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED     September 30, 2016 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ___________________TO _______________________ 

Commission File number 000-25001 

Federated     National     Holding     Company 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

800-293-2532 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.         Yes             No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has electronically submitted and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).         Yes             No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large     accelerated     filer        

Accelerated     filer        

Non     accelerated     filer        

Smaller     reporting     company        

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).         Yes             No       

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As of   November   4  ,   2016, the registrant had   13,801,757   shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING COMPANY 

TA    BLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

PAGE  

ITEM 1  

Financial Statements   
				 
				 3 

ITEM 2  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
				 
				 26 

ITEM 3  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
				 
				 36 

ITEM 4  

Controls and Procedures   
				 
				 37 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1  

Legal Proceedings   
				 
				 38 

ITEM 1A  

Risk Factors   
				 
				 38 

ITEM 2  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
				 
				 38 

ITEM 3  

Defaults upon Senior Securities   
				 
				 38 

ITEM 4  

Mine Safety Disclosures   
				 
				 38 

ITEM 5  

Other Information   
				 
				 38 

ITEM 6  

Exhibits   
				 
				 39 

SIGNATURES   
				 
				 39 

-       2       - 

Table of Contents  

PART I: FIN    ANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item   1  .    Financial Statements 

FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

-       3       - 

Table of Contents  

FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

-       4       - 

Table of Contents  

FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(In thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

-       5       - 

Table of Contents  

FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 

(In thousands, except share data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

-       6       - 

Table of Contents  

FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

-       7       - 

Table of Contents  

FEDERATED NATIONAL HOLDING COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

(Continued) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

-       8       - 

Table of Contents  

1. ORGANIZATION, CONSOLIDATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Organization 

Federated National Holding Company, ( FNHC,  the  Company,   we,    or  us ), is an insurance holding company that controls substantially all steps in the insurance underwriting, distribution and claims processes through our subsidiaries and our contractual relationships with our independent agents and general agents. We are authorized to underwrite, and/or place through our wholly owned subsidiaries, homeowners  multi-peril ( homeowners  ),   personal automobile,   commercial general liability, federal flood, and other lines of insurance in Florida and other states. We market, distribute and service our own and third-party insurers  products and our other services through a network of independent agents. 

Our wholly owned insurance subsidiary is Federated National Insurance Company ( FNIC ), which is licensed as an admitted carrier in Florida, Texas, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana and South Carolina. We also serve as managing general agent for Monarch National Insurance Company ( MNIC ), which was founded in 2015 through the joint venture, described below, and is licensed as an admitted carrier in Florida. An admitted carrier is an insurance company that has received a license from the state department of insurance giving the Company the authority to write specific lines of insurance in that state. These companies are also bound by rate and form regulations, and are strictly regulated to protect policyholders from a variety of illegal and unethical practices, including fraud. Admitted carriers are also required to financially c  ontribute to the state guarantee fund, which is used to pay for losses if an insurance carrier becomes insolvent or unable to pay the losses due to their policyholde  rs. 

On March 19, 2015, the Company entered into a joint venture to organize MNIC, which received its certificate of authority to write homeowners  property and casualty insurance in Florida from the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation (the  Florida OIR ). The Company s joint venture partners are a majority-owned limited partnership of Crosswinds Holdings Inc., a publicly traded Canadian private equity firm and asset manager ( Crosswinds ); and Transatlantic Reinsurance Company ( TransRe ). 

The Company and Crosswinds each invested   $14.0   million in Monarch Delaware Holdings LLC ( Monarch Delaware ), the indirect parent company of MNIC, for a   42.4%   interest in Monarch Delaware (each holding   50%   of the voting interests in Monarch Delaware).  TransRe invested   $5.0   million for a   15.2%   non-voting interest in Monarch Delaware and advanced an additional   $5.0   million in debt evidenced by a   six  -year promissory note bearing   6%   annual interest payable by Monarch National Holding Company ( MNHC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Monarch Delaware and the direct parent company of MNIC. 

Significant Customer 

We entered into an Insurance Agency Master Agreement with Ivantage Select Agency, Inc., ( ISA ), an affiliate of Allstate Insurance Company ( Allstate ), pursuant to which we are authorized by ISA to appoint Allstate agents to offer our homeowners  and commercial general liability insurance products to consumers in Florida.   As a percentage of the total homeowners  premiums we underwrote in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   24.7%     and   25.4%  , respectively, were from Allstate s network of Florida agents. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   2  3  .  9  %   and   23.3%  , respectively, of the homeowners  premiums we underwrote were from Allstate s network of Florida agents. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of FNHC and all other entities in which we have a controlling financial interest and any variable interest entities ( VIE ) in which we are the primary beneficiary. All material inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. A VIE is an entity that does not have sufficient equity to finance its own activities without additional financial support or where investors lack certain characteristics of a controlling financial interest.  We assess our contractual, ownership or other interests in a VIE to determine if our interest participates in the variability the VIE was designed to absorb and pass onto variable interest holders.  We perform an ongoing qualitative assessment of our variable interests in VIEs to determine whether we have a controlling financial interest and would therefore be considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE.  If we determine we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, we consolidate the assets and liabilities of the VIE in our consolidated financial statements. 

In connection with the investment in Monarch Delaware, we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of this VIE, as we possess the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance.  Accordingly, we consolidate the VIE in our consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 12 for additional information on the VIE. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  Accordingly, these financial statements do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for  

-       9       - 

Table of Contents  

complete financial statements. Additionally, operating results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be expected for a full year. These unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect, in the opinion of management, all material adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to fairly state, in all material respects, our financial position and results of operations for the periods presented. Certain GAAP policies, which significantly affect the determination of financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, are summarized below. 

This report should be read in conjunction with the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended (the  2015 Form 10-K ). 

2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES 

Our significant accounting policies were described in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes in our significant accounting policies for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

Accounting Estimates and Assumptions 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. Actual results inevitably will differ from those estimates. 

Similar to other property and casualty insurers, our liability for losses and loss adjustment expense reserves, although supported by actuarial projections and other data  ,   is ultimately based on management s reasoned expectations of future events. Although considerable variability is inherent in these estimates, we believe that this liability is adequate. Estimates are reviewed regularly and adjusted as necessary. Such adjustments are reflected in current operations. Refer to Note 6 accompanying our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our liability for losses and loss adjustment expense reserves. 

Reclassifications 

Certain amounts in prior year s consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported consolidated statements of operations, balance sheets, and cash flows. In the current period, the Company concluded it was appropriate to reclassify certain revenue accounts that do not have material balances and include them within other income in the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, during the current period, the Company reclassified certain costs and expenses, principally, operating and underwriting expenses, salaries and wages and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs. These respective account balances are now included in commissions and other underwriting expenses and general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company believes these reclassifications provide greater clarity and insight into the consolidated financial statements for the periods presented. 

Adjustments 

During our third quarter 2015 analysis of actual experience to date under the July 1, 2014 quota share reinsurance contract, we re-evaluated the accounting treatment for quota share reinsurance contracts with retrospective rating provisions.  As a result of this re-evaluation, we concluded reinsurance contracts, which have retrospective rating provisions, should be accounted for under Accounting Standards Codification 944,   Financial Services   Insurance   ( ASC 944 ), where amounts due to (from) the assuming companies are accrued based on estimated contract experience to date as though the contracts were terminated.  Refer to Note 2 in our Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2015 for additional information. 

The adjustments to our accounting for the July 1, 2014 quota share reinsurance treaty, inclusive of other adjustments, are not material in any prior quarter or annual period based on an analysis of quantitative and qualitative factors in accordance with SEC guidance. 

As a result, we recorded these adjustments during the year ended December 31, 2015.  The prior period adjustments increased net income by   $  2  .  2   million for the three and   nine   months ended September   30, 2015, respectively. 

Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

In February 2015, the F  inancial   A  ccounting   S  tandards   B  oard ( FASB )   issued A  ccounting   S  tandard   U  pdate ( ASU )   2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis   ( ASU 2015-02 ). ASU 2015-02 amended the consolidation guidance by modifying the evaluation criteria for whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entities, eliminating the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, and affecting the  

-       10       - 

Table of Contents  

consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with variable interest entities. We adopted the provisions of ASU 2015-02 effective January 1, 2016 and re-evaluated all legal entity investments under the revised consolidation model. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest-Imputation of Interest  .  ASU 2015-03 reduces the complexity of disclosing debt issuance costs and debt discount and premium on the balance sheet by requiring that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  The Company adopted this ASU retrospectively as of January 1, 2016.  Other assets and debt from consolidated variable interest entity have been reclassified to be consistent with the adoption of this standard, which resulted in a reduction of   $0.1     million   each.  There were no changes to shareholders  equity as a result of this adoption.  There were no other impacts on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-09,   Financial Services   Insurance (Topic 944): Disclosures about Short-Duration-Contracts  . The amendments in this ASU apply to all insurance entities that issue short-duration contracts as defined in Topic 944,   Financial Services Insurance  . The amendments require insurance entities to disclose for annual reporting periods information on the liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses.  The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. This new guidance affects disclosures only and will have no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. ASU 2014-09 will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles when it becomes effective. In July 2015, the FASB voted to delay the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year, making it effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted as of the original effective date. ASU 2014-09 permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In addition, during 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10, and ASU 2016-12, all of which clarify certain implementation guidance within ASU 2014-09. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,   which addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments.  Most notably, this new guidance requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. This new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard would have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases     (Topic 842)   ( ASU 2016-02 ). Upon the effective date, ASU 2016-02 will supersede the current lease guidance in Topic 840,   Leases  . Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize for all leases, with the exception of short-term leases, a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis. Concurrently, lessees will be required to recognize a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The guidance is required to be applied using a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative periods presented in the financial statements. We are currently evaluating the effects the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU 2016-09 ), which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments- Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments   ( ASU 2016-13 ) which significantly changes the measurement of credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. ASU 2016-13 will require entities to record allowances for available-for-sale debt securities rather than reduce the carrying amount, as currently performed under the other-than-temporary impairment model. Additionally, the standard will require enhanced disclosures for financial assets measured at amortized cost and available-for-sale debt securities to help the financial statement users better understand significant judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an entity s portfolio. ASU 2016-13 is effective for interim and annual  

-       11       - 

Table of Contents  

reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the effects the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230),   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 provides guidance on the following eight specific cash flow classification issues: (1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; (6) distributions received from equity method  investees; (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and (8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. Current GAAP does not include specific guidance on these eight cash flow classification issues. The amendments of this ASU are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2015-16 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

3. FAIR VALUE 

Fair value measurements are generally based upon observable and unobservable inputs.  Observable inputs are based on market data from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s view of market assumptions in the absence of observable market information.  All assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following categories: 

Level 1   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market is defined as a market where transactions for the financial statement occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 

Level 2   Quoted market prices for similar assets or liabilities and valuations, using models or other valuation techniques that use observable market data.  All significant inputs are observable, or derived from observable information in the marketplace, or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the market place. 

Level 3   Instruments that use non-binding broker quotes or model driven valuations that do not have observable market data or those that are estimated based on an ownership interest to which a proportionate share of net assets is attributed.  Currently, the Company has no level 3 investments. 

The Company s financial instruments measured at fair value and the level of the fair value hierarchy of inputs used were as follows: 

-       12       - 

Table of Contents  

4. INVESTMENTS 

Unrealized Gains and Losses 

The following table details the difference between amortized cost or cost and estimated fair value, by major investment category, at   September 30, 2016   and at   December 31, 2015  : 

-       13       - 

Table of Contents  

Net Realized Gains and Losses 

The Company calculates the gain or loss realized on the sale of investments by comparing the sales price (fair value) to the cost or amortized cost of the security sold. Net realized gains and losses on investments are determined in accordance with the specific identification method. The following tables detail the Company s net realized gains (losses) by major investment category for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

During the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , the proceeds from sales of available-for-sale investment securities were   $30.1   million and   $42.5   million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the proceeds from sales of available-for-sale investment securities were   $129.5   million and   $134.9   million, respectively  . 

-       14       - 

Table of Contents  

Contractual Maturity 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   by contractual maturity are shown below.  Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Net Investment Income 

The following table summarizes the Company s net investment income for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

-       15       - 

Table of Contents  

Aging of Gross Unrealized Losses 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , gross   unrealized losses and related fair values for available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities, grouped by duration of time in a continuous unrealized loss position, were as follows: 

The Company holds its equity securities and some of its debt securities as available-for-sale and as such, these securities are recorded at fair value. The Company continually monitors the difference between cost and the estimated fair value of its investments, which involves uncertainty as to whether declines in value are temporary in nature. If the decline of a particular investment is deemed temporary, the Company records the decline as an unrealized loss in shareholders  equity. If the decline is deemed to be other than temporary, the Company will write the security s cost-basis or amortized cost-basis down to the fair value of the investment and recognizes an other than temporary impairment ( OTTI ) los  s in our consolidated statement   of operations. Additionally, any portion of such decline related to debt securities that is believed to arise from factors other than credit will be recorded as a component of other comprehensive income rather than charged against income. 

The Company s assessment of equity securities initially involves an evaluation of all securities that are in an unrealized loss position, regardless of the duration or severity of the loss, as of the applicable balance sheet date. Such initial review consists primarily of assessing whether: (i) there has been a negative credit or news event with respect to the issuer that could indicate the existence of an OTTI; and (ii) the Company has the ability and intent to hold an equity security for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery (generally considered to be one year from the balance sheet date). 

To the extent that an equity security in an unrealized loss position is not impaired based on the initial review described above, the Company then evaluates such equity security by considering qualitative and quantitative factors. These factors include but are not limited to facts and circumstances specific to individual securities, asset classes, the financial condition of the issuer, changes in dividend  

-       16       - 

Table of Contents  

payment, the length of time fair value had been less than cost, the severity of the decline in fair value below cost, industry outlook and our ability and intent to hold each position until its forecasted recovery. 

If the Company intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that, the Company will sell, a debt security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the total amount of the unrealized loss position is recognized as an OTTI loss in our consolidated statement of operations. To the extent a debt security in an unrealized loss position is not impaired based on the   preceding;   the Company will consider that security to be impaired when it believes collection of the amortized cost is not probable. 

During the Company s quarterly evaluation of its securities for impairment,   there were   no     identified   OTTI losses in our investments in debt and equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and   $0.3     million OTTI losses in our investments in debt and equity securit  ies during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . We did not have any OTTI losses in our investments in debt and equity securities that   were in   an unrealized loss position during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

Collateral Deposits 

As of   September 30, 2016  ,   investments with fair values of approximately   $10.7     million, the majority of which were debt securities, were deposited with governmental authorities and into custodial bank accounts as   required by law or contractual obligations  . 

5. REINSURANCE 

Reinsurance is used to mitigate the exposure to losses, manage capacity and protect capital resources. The Company reinsures (cedes) a portion of written premiums on an excess of loss or a quota share basis in order to limit our loss exposure. To the extent that reinsuring companies are unable to meet their obligations assumed under these reinsurance agreements, we remain primarily liable to our policyholders. 

We are selective in choosing reinsurers and consider numerous factors, the most important of which are the financial stability of the reinsurer or capital specifically pledged to uphold the contract, its history of responding to claims and its overall reputation.  In an effort to minimize our exposure to the insolvency of a reinsurer, we evaluate the acceptability and review the financial condition of the reinsurer at least annually with the assistance of our reinsurance broker. 

Significant Reinsurance Contracts 

FNIC and MNIC operate primarily by underwriting and accepting risks for their direct account on a gross basis and reinsuring a portion of the exposure on either an individual risk or an aggregate basis to the extent those exceed the desired retention level. We continually evaluate the relative attractiveness of different forms of reinsurance contracts and different markets that may be used to achieve our risk and profitability objectives. All of our reinsurance contracts do not relieve FNIC or MNIC from their direct obligations to the insured. 

FNIC s 2015-2016 catastrophe reinsurance program, which r  a  n either from June 1 to May 31 or from July 1 to June 30, consists of the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund ( FHCF ), excess of loss treaties placed with the private market and a   40%    property quota-  sh  are program. The property quota-  share reinsurance is a form of proportional reinsurance that provides coverage for the homeowners  property lines for wind related catastrophes in Florida. The FHCF treaty affords coverage for losses sustained in Florida and represents only a portion of the reinsurance coverage in Florida. 

The excess of loss and FHCF treaties, which became effective on July 1, 2015 and June 1, 2015, respectively, insure for approximately   $1.82   billion of aggregate catastrophic losses and loss adjustment expenses ( LAE ) with a maximum single event coverage totaling approximately   $1.26   billion, with the Company retaining the first   $12.9   million in Florida and   $5.0   million in Louisiana, Alabama and South Carolina for losses and LAE from each event. Ceded premiums in connection with this program totaled approximately   $149.7   million. 

Additionally, the Company s private market excess of loss treaties became effective July 1, 2016 and all private layers have prepaid automatic reinstatement protection, which affords us additional coverage against multiple catastrophic events in the same hurricane season. The Company obtained multiple year protection for a portion of its program; as a result, some of the coverage will expire on June 30, 2017, and a portion of the coverage will remain in-force one additional treaty year until June 30, 2018. These private market excess of loss treaties structure coverage into layers, with a cascading feature such that substantially all private layers attach after $18.45 million in losses for FNIC s Florida exposure. If the aggregate limit of the preceding layer is exhausted, the next layer drops down (cascades) in its place. Additionally, any unused layer protection drops down for subsequent events until exhausted. 

FNIC s 2016-2017 reinsurance programs  , costing   approximately $  179.5   million,     include   approximately   $125.7   million for the private reinsurance for Federated National s Florida exposure, including prepaid automatic premium reinstatement protection on all  

-       17       - 

Table of Contents  

layers, along with approximately   $53.8   million payable to the FHCF. The combination of private and FHCF reinsurance treaties will afford Federated National with approximately   $2.22   billion of aggregate coverage with a maximum single event coverage totaling approximately   $1.58   billion, exclusive of retentions. FNIC maintained its FHCF participation at   75%   for the 2016 hurricane season. FNIC s single event pre-tax retention for a catastrophic event in Florida is   $18.45   million  .     In addition, FNIC purchases separate underlying reinsurance layers in Louisiana, Alabama, and South Carolina to cover losses and LAE outside of Florida for each   catastrophic   event from    $  8.0   million   to   $18.45   million. Depending on the characteristics of the catastrophic event, and the states involved, FNIC s single event pre-tax retention could be as low as $8.0 million.   The   maximum   pre-tax retention of $18.45 million for Florida represents   7.01%   of the Company s shareholders    equity as of September 30, 2016. 

MNIC s 2016-2017 catastrophe reinsurance program, which runs from either June 1 to May 31 or June 1 to June 30 (  13   month period), consists of the FHCF and private market excess of loss treaties. All private layers have prepaid automatic reinstatement protection, which affords MNIC additional coverage, and have a cascading feature such that substantially all layers attach at   $3.4   million for MNIC's Florida exposure.  

The Company s property quota share treaties, which are included in the reinsurance program, run for a   two  -year period from July 1 to July 1 of the foll  owing year.  The property quota-  share treaties consist of   two   different treaties, one for   30%   which became effective July 1, 2014, and the other for   10%   which became effective July 1, 2015. The combined treaties provide  d   a   40%   quota-  share reinsurance on the first   $100   million of covered losses for the homeowners  property insurance program in Florida. The treaties are accounted for as retrospectively rated contracts whereby the estimated ultimate premium or commission is recognized over the period of the contracts. 

On July 1, 2016, the   30%   property quota-  share treaty expired on a cut-off basis, which means as of that date the Company will retain   30%   of its unearned premiums and losses. The reinsurers will remain liable for 30% of the paid losses occurring during the term of the treaty, until the treaty is commuted. 

The Company s private passenger automobile quota share treaties are typically   one  -year programs which become effective at different points in the year and cover auto policies across several states. These automobile quota share treaties cede   75%   to   90  %   of all written premiums entered into by the Company. 

Certain reinsurance agreements require FNIC to secure the credit, regulatory and business risk. Fully funded trust agreements securing these risks totaled   $2.6     million as of September 30, 2016 and   $3.5   million as of December 31, 2015. 

Reinsurance Recoverables 

Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are recognized in a manner consistent with the claims liabilities associated with the reinsurance placement and presented on the consolidated balance sheet as reinsurance recoverables. The following table presents reinsurance recoverables as reflected in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

-       18       - 

Table of Contents  

Premiums Written and Earned 

The following table presents premiums written and earned for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

6  .    LOSS AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE RESERVES 

The liability for loss and LAE reserves is determined on an individual-case basis for all claims reported. The liability also includes amounts for unallocated expenses, anticipated future claim development and incurred but not yet reported ( IBNR ). 

Activity in the liability for loss and LAE reserves is summarized as follows: 

(1) 

Reinsurance recoverable in this table includes only ceded loss and LAE reserves.     

The establishment of loss reserves is an inherently uncertain process and changes in loss reserve estimates are expected as such estimates are subject to the outcome of future events. The factors influencing changes in claim costs are often difficult to isolate or quantify and developments in paid and incurred losses from historical trends are frequently subject to multiple interpretations. Changes in estimates, or differences between estimates and amounts ultimately paid, are reflected in the operating results of the period during which such adjustments are made. 

-       19       - 

Table of Contents  

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the   Company experienced unfavorable loss and LAE reserve development on prior year accident years primarily in its all other peril homeowners  coverage in Florida. The deficiency primarily relates to higher severity above the expected development factor anticipated at December 31, 2015 which was driven by the impact from assignment of benefits and   other   related   adjusting expenses  . 

During the year   ended   December 31, 2015  , the Company experienced   a   redundancy on prior year accident years primarily a result of continued favorable loss experience (mostly caused by decreased severity in reported claims) in the Company s all other peril homeowners      coverage caused in part by the absence of severe weather in Florida. Specifically, we have experienced better severity than expected on the 2014 and 2013 accident years. 

7  .    LONG-TERM     DEBT 

On March 17, 2015, MNHC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Monarch Dela  ware, and MNIC s direct parent, our consolidated VIE, issued a promissory note with a principal amount of   $5.0   million bearing   6%   annual interest, due   March 17, 2021   with interest payable on an annual basis due March 17 each year.  The debt was issued to   TransRe  , a related party,   in connection with its investment in Monarch Delaware,   and is being carried at the unpaid principal balance, net of debt issuance costs, and a  ny accrued and unpaid interest is recognized in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  The Company recorded   $0.1   million of debt issuance costs related to the 6% promissory note. 

8  .    INCOME TAXES 

The provision for income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

The actual income tax expense differs from the  expected  income tax expense (computed by applying the combined applicable effective federal and state tax rates to income before income tax expense) as follows: 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states and local jurisdictions. As a matter of course, various taxing authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ), regularly audit us. As of September 30, 2016,   no   open tax years are under examination by the IRS or any material state and local jurisdictions. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have determined that there are   no   uncertain tax positions. 

-       20       - 

Table of Contents  

9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Legal Proceedings 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings, specifically claims litigation.  The Company s insurance subsidiaries participate in most of these proceedings by either defending third-party claims brought against insureds or litigating first-party coverage claims.  The Company accounts for such activity through the establishment of loss and LAE reserves.  We believe that the ultimate liability, if any, with respect to such ordinary-course claims litigation, after consideration of provisions made for potential losses and costs of defense, is immaterial to our consolidated financial statements.  The Company is also occasionally involved in other legal and regulatory proceedings, some of which may assert claims for substantial amounts.  These other legal proceedings may occasionally make us party to individual actions in which extra-contractual damages, punitive damages or penalties are sought, such as claims alleging bad faith in the handling of insurance claims. 

On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews these outstanding matters, if any.  Consistent with GAAP, the Company establishes reserves for specific legal matters when it determines that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. The Company does not establish reserves for identified legal matters when we believe that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is not probable. Based on our quarterly review, the Company believes that our accruals for probable and estimable losses are reasonable and that the amounts accrued do not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

The Company is a party to a Co-Existence Agreement effective as of August 30, 2013 (the  Co-Existence Agreement ) with Federated Mutual Insurance Company ( Mutual ) pursuant to which the Company has agreed to certain restrictions on its use of the word  FEDERATED  without the word  NATIONAL  when referring to FNHC and FNIC.  In response to Mutual s allegations that the Company s use of the word  FED  as part of the Company s federally registered  FEDNAT  trademark infringes on Mutual s federal and common law trademark rights, which the Company disputes, on July 21, 2016, the Company filed a declaratory judgment action for non-infringement of trademark in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida.  Specifically, the Company seeks a declaration that its federally registered trademark "FEDNAT" does not infringe any alleged trademark rights of Mutual and that Mutual does not own any trademark rights to the name or mark "FED" in connection with insurance services outside of Owatonna, Minnesota.  On July 26, 2016, Mutual filed a demand for arbitration against the Company before the American Arbitration Association alleging a breach of the Co-Existence Agreement.  Both matters are in their preliminary stages and FNHC intends to vigorously defend against all of Mutual s allegations, although there can be no assurances as to the outcome of either matter. 

Assessment Related Activity 

We operate in a regulatory environment where certain entities and organizations have the authority to require us to participate in assessments. Currently these entities and organizations   include:   Florida Insurance Guaranty Association ( FIGA ), Citizens Property Insurance Corporation ( Citizens ), FHCF  ,   Florida Joint Underwriters Insurance Association ( JUA )  , Georgia Insurers Insolvency Pool ( GIIP ), Special Insurance Fraud Fund ( SIIF ), Fair Access to Insurance Requirements Plan ( FAIRP ), Georgia Automobile Insurance Plan ( GAIP ), Property Insurance Association of Louisiana ( PIAL ), Louisiana Automobile Insurance Plan ( LAIP ), South Carolina Property   Casualty Insurance Guaranty Association ( SCPCIGA ), Texas Property and Casualty Insurance Guaranty Association ( TPCIGA ), Texas Windstorm Insurance Association ( TWIA ), Texas Automobile Insurance Plan Association ( TAIPA ), Alabama Insurance Guaranty Association ( AIGA ), and Alabama Insurance Underwriters Association ( AIUA ).  . As a direct premium writer in Florida, we are required to participate in certain insurer solvency associations under Florida   law  , administered by FIGA. Future assessments are likely, although the impact of these assessments on our balance sheet, results of operations or cash flow are undeterminable at this time. 

FNIC is also required to participate in an insurance apportionment plan under Florida   law  , which is referred to as a JUA Plan. The JUA Plan provides for the equitable apportionment of any profits realized, or losses and expenses incurred, among participating automobile insurers. In the event of an underwriting deficit incurred by the JUA Plan which is not recovered through the policyholders in the JUA Plan, such deficit shall be recovered from the companies participating in the JUA Plan in the proportion that the net direct written premiums of each such member during the preceding calendar year bear to the aggregate net direct premiums written in this state by all members of the JUA Plan. FNIC was not assessed by the JUA Plan. Future assessments by this association are undeterminable at this time. 

Leases 

FNHC and its subsidiaries lease certain facilities, furniture and equipment under long-term lease agreements. Additional information about leases can be found in Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  ,    of the 2015 Form 10-K. 

-       21       - 

Table of Contents  

10. SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 

Common Stock Repurchases 

In March 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase shares of common stock of FNHC, at such times and at prices as management determines advisable, up to an aggregate of   $10.0   million through March 31, 2017. Common stock repurchases are conducted in the open market. The amount and timing of all repurchase transactions are contingent upon market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. This program may be modified, suspended or terminated by us at any time without notice. 

Pursuant to our Board of Directors      authorizations, the Company repurchased   285,981   shares of its common stock at a total cost of   approximately   $5.5 million, which is an average price per share of   $19.22  , during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  As of September 30, 2016, the remaining availability for future repurchases of our common stock was   $4.5   million. 

Share-  B  ased   Compensation Expense 

The following table provides certain information in connection with the Company s share-based compensation arrangements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

The intrinsic value of options exercised represents the difference between the stock option exercise price and the weighted average closing stock price of FNHC common stock on the exercise dates, as reported on The NASDAQ Global Market. 

At September 30, 2016, there was approximately   $6.3   million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to   r  estricted   s  tock   a  wards, which is currently expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately   1.85   years. 

Stock Option Awards 

A summary of the Company s stock option activity for the period from January 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Restricted Stock Awards 

The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense for all restricted stock awards ( RSAs ) held by employees. The accounting charge is measured at the grant date as the fair value of FNHC common stock and expensed as non-cash compensation over the vesting term using the straight-line basis. 

During the first quarter of 2016 and 2015, the Board of Directors granted   128,472   and   116,140   RSAs, respectively, vesting over   three   or   five   years, to the Company s   d  irectors  ,    e  xecutives   and other key employees. 

-       22       - 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes RSA activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The weighted average grant date fair value is measured using the closing price of FNHC common stock on the grant date, as reported on The NASDAQ Global Market. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

The following table presents a reconciliation of the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

11. EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Basic earnings per share ( EPS ) is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, including outstanding unvested restricted stock awards and vested restricted stock awards. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding, noted above, adjusted for the dilutive effect of stock options. Dilutive securities are common stock equivalents that are freely exercisable into common stock at less than market prices or otherwise dilute earnings if converted. The net effect of common stock equivalents is based on the incremental common stock that would be issued upon the assumed exercise of common stock options and the vesting of RSAs using the treasury stock method. Common stock equivalents are not included in diluted earnings per share when their inclusion is antidilutive.  

-       23       - 

Table of Contents  

The computations of diluted   EPS   available to   our shareholders   do not include approximately   0.2     million   stock options and RSAs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and   0.2     million   stock options and RSAs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as the effect of their inclusion would have been antidilutive to earnings per share. 

The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted EPS: 

Dividends Declared 

In   February 2016  , our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend payment of $  0.05   per common share,   paid in   March 2016  , amounting to $  0.7   million. In May and June 2016, our Board of Directors declared quarterly dividend payments of $  0.06     per   common share, respectively, paid in June and August 2016, respectively, totaling $  1.7   million. 

In   September 2016  , our Board of Directors declared a $  0.08   per common share dividend payable   December 1, 2016   to shareholders of record on   November 1, 2016  . 

-       24       - 

Table of Contents  

12. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITY 

The carrying amounts of the assets of Monarch Delaware, our consolidated VIE, which can only be used to settle obligations of Monarch Delaware, and liabilities of Monarch Delaware for which creditors do not have recourse are as follows: 

1  3  .    SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

Hurricane Matthew impacted   the east coast of   Florida   as a Category 4 hurricane   and   South Carolina as a Category 2 hurricane during the first   week of   October   2016  .    The Company  's initial   gross   catastrophic   loss estimate in   the state of   Florida is $  75   million   and     $2   million in   the state of   South Carolina  . After taking into consideration our reinsurance treaties,   including the Company s   10%   property quota-share treaty,   the Company expects to incur the full retention     limit   $  18.45   millio  n. 

-       25       - 

Table of Contents  

General information about Federated National Holding Company can be found at www.FedNat.com; however, the information that can be accessed through our web site is not part of our report. We make our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 available free of charge on our web site, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with the SEC. 

Ite    m   2.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction   with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   (the  Form 10-Q )  . In addition, reference should be made to our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and related  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the  2015 Form 10-K )  . 

Unless the context requires otherwise, as used in this Form 10-Q, the terms  FNHC,   Company,   we,   us  and  our  refers to Federated National Holding Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in this Form 10-Q or in documents that are incorporated by reference that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements   that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those discussed herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as  anticipate,   believe,   budget,   contemplate,   continue,   could,   envision,   estimate,   expect,   guidance,   indicate,   intend,   may,   might,   plan,   possibly,   potential,   predict,   probably,   pro-forma,   project,   seek,   should,   target,  or  will  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon and similar words or phrases or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements might also include, but are not limited to, one or more of the following: 

Projections of revenues, income, earnings per share, dividends, capital structure or other financial items or measures;     

Descriptions of plans or objectives of management for future operations, insurance products/or services;     

Forecasts of future insurable events, economic performance, liquidity, need for funding and income; and     

Descriptions of assumptions or estimates underlying or relating to any of the foregoing.     

The risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties related to estimates, assumptions and projections generally; the nature of the Company s business; the adequacy of its reserves for loss and loss adjustment expense ( LAE ); claims experience; weather conditions (including the severity and frequency of storms, hurricanes, tornadoes and hail) and other catastrophic losses; reinsurance costs and the ability of reinsurers to indemnify the Company; raising additional capital and our potential failure to meet minimum capital and surplus requirements; potential assessments that support property and casualty insurance pools and associations; the effectiveness of internal financial controls; the effectiveness of our underwriting, pricing and related loss limitation methods; changes in loss trends, including as a result of insureds  assignment of benefits; court decisions and trends in litigation; our potential failure to pay claims accurately; ability to obtain regulatory approval applications for requested rate increases, or to underwrite in additional jurisdictions, and the timing thereof; the impact that the results of the Monarch joint venture may have on our results of operations; inflation and other changes in economic conditions (including changes in interest rates and financial markets); pricing competition and other initiatives by competitors; legislative and regulatory developments; the outcome of litigation pending against the Company, and any settlement thereof; dependence on investment income and the composition of the Company s investment portfolio; insurance agents; ratings by industry services; the reliability and security of our information technology systems; reliance on key personnel; acts of war and terrorist activities; and other matters described from time to time by the Company in this report and other filings filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company s Form 10-K. 

In addition, investors should be aware that U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) prescribe when a company may reserve for particular risks, including claims and litigation exposures. Accordingly, results for a given reporting period could be significantly affected if and when a reserve is established for a contingency. Reported results may therefore appear to be volatile in certain accounting periods. 

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made.  We do not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made. 

-       26       - 

Table of Contents  

GENERAL 

FNHC is an insurance holding company that controls substantially all steps in the insurance underwriting, distribution and claims processes through our subsidiaries and our contractual relationships with our independent agents and general agents. We are authorized to underwrite, and/or place through our wholly owned subsidiaries, homeowners  multi-peril ( homeowners ), commercial general liability, federal flood, pers  onal automobile and other lines of insurance in Florida and other states. We market, distribute and service our own and third-party insurers  products a  nd our other services through a network of independent agents. 

Our wholly owned insurance subsidiary is Federated National Insurance Company ( FNIC ), which is licensed as an admitted carrier in Florida, Texas, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana and South Carolina. We also serve as managing general agent for Monarch National Insurance Company ( MNIC ), which was founded in 2015 through the joint venture described below, and is licensed as an admitted carrier in Florida. An admitted carrier is an insurance company that has received a license from the state department of insurance giving the Company the authority to write specific lines of insurance in that state. These companies are also bound by rate and form regulations, and are strictly regulated to protect policyholders from a variety of illegal and unethical practices, including fraud. Admitted carriers are also required to financially contribute to the state guarantee fund, which is used to pay for losses if an insurance carrier becomes insolvent or unable to pay the losses   due to their p  olicyholders. 

Monarch National Insurance Company Joint Venture 

On March 19, 2015, the Company entered into a joint venture to organize MNIC, which received its certificate of authority to write homeowners  property and casualty insurance in Florida from the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation (the  Florida OIR ). The Company s joint venture partners are a majority-owned limited partnership of Crosswinds Holdings Inc., a publicly traded Canadian private equity firm and asset manager ( Crosswinds ) and Transatlantic Reinsurance Company ( TransRe ). 

The Company and Crosswinds each invested $14.0 million in Monarch Delaware Holdings, LLC ( Monarch Delaware ), the indirect parent company of MNIC, for a 42.4% interest in Monarch Delaware (each holding 50% of the voting interests in Monarch Delaware).  TransRe invested $5.0 million in debt evidenced by a six-year promissory note bearing 6% annual interest payable by Monarch National Holding Company ( MNHC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Monarch Delaware and the direct parent company of MNIC. 

In connection with the organization of MNIC, the parties entered into the following agreements dated as of March 17, 2015: 

MNIC entered into a Managing General Agent and Claims Administration Agreement (the  Monarch MGA Agreement ) with FedNat Underwriters, Inc. ( FNU ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which FNU provides underwriting, accounting, reinsurance placement and claims administration services to Monarch.  For its services under the Monarch MGA Agreement, FNU receives 4% of Monarch s total written annual premium, excluding acquisition expenses payable to agents, for FNU s managing general agent services; 3.6% of Monarch s total earned annual premium for FNU s claims administration services; and a per-policy administrative fee of $25 for each policy underwritten for Monarch.  The Company also receives an annual expense reimbursement for accounting and related services.     

MNIC, MNHC and Monarch Delaware (collectively, the  Monarch Entities ) entered into an Investment Management Agreement (the  Monarch Investment Agreement ) with Crosswinds AUM LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Crosswinds ( Crosswinds AUM ), pursuant to which Crosswinds AUM manages the investment portfolios of the Monarch Entities.  The management fee, on an annual basis, is 0.75% of assets under management up to $100 million; 0.50% of assets under management of more than $100 million but less than $200 million; and 0.30% of assets under management of more than $200 million.     

MNIC also entered into a Reinsurance Capacity Right of First Refusal Agreement with TransRe, pursuant to which TransRe has a right of first refusal for all quota share and excess of loss reinsurance that Monarch Insurance deems necessary in its sole discretion for so long as TransRe remains a member of Monarch Delaware or the MNHC debt remains outstanding.  Pursuant to this agreement, TransRe has the right to provide, at market rates and terms, a maximum of 15% of any reinsurance coverage obtained by Monarch Delaware in any individual reinsurance contract.     

The Compa  ny s Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer hold th  eir respective positions with Monarch Entities while they remain employed by the Company.     

The   Monarch Entities are consolidated as a variable interest entity ( VIE ) in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

-       27       - 

Table of Contents  

Executive Offices 

Our executive offices are located at 14050 N.W. 14th Street, Suite 180, Sunrise, Florida 33323 and our telephone number is   (800) 293-2532. 

Overview of Insurance Lines of Business 

Homeowners  Property and Casualty Insurance 

FNIC and MNIC underwrite homeowners  insurance in Florida and FNIC also underwrites insurance in Alabama, Louisiana and South Carolina. Homeowners  insurance generally protects an owner of real and personal property against covered causes of loss to that property. The Florida homeowners  policies   in-force totaled   271  ,  461   and 242,702     at   September 30, 2016   and   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

Our homeowners  insurance products provide maximum dwelling coverage in the amount of approximately $3.8 million, with the aggregate maximum policy limit being approximately $6.5 million. We currently offer dwelling coverage  A  up to $4.0 million with an aggregate total insured value of $6.5 million. We continually subject these limits to review; during 2015, coverage  A  was increased by $1.0 million and total insured value increased by $1.5 million. The typical deductible is either $2,500 or $1,000 for non-hurricane-related claims and generally 2% of the coverage amount for the structure for hurricane-related claims. 

Premium rates charged to our homeowners  insurance policyholders are continually evaluated to assure that they meet the expectation that they are actuarially sound and produce a reasonable level of profit (neither excessive, inadequate or discriminatory). Premium rates in Florida and other states are regulated and approved by the respe  ctive states  insurance regulators.  MNIC applied for and was approved by the Florida OIR for a rate decrease of 11.9% for Florida homeowners  multiple-peril insurance policies, which became effective for new and renewals on April 15, 2016. Additionally, FNIC applied for and was approved by the Florida OIR for a rate increase of 5.6% for Florida homeowners  multiple-peril insurance policies, which became effective for   new and renewals on August 1, 2016. We continue to monitor and seek appropriate adjustment to our rates in order to remain competitive and profitable. 

Other Lines of Business 

Personal Automobile:     Nonstandard personal automobile insurance is principally provided to insureds that are unable to obtain standard insurance coverage because of their driving record, age, vehicle type or other factors, including market conditions. We market this through licensed general agents in their respective territories. 

Commercial General Liability  : We underwrite for approximately 380 classes of skilled craft workers (excluding homebuilders and developers) and mercantile trades (such as owners, landlords and tenants). The limits of liability range from $100,000 per occurrence with a $200,000 policy aggregate to $1.0 million per occurrence with a $2.0 million policy aggregate. We market the commercial general liability insurance products through independent agents and a limited number of gene  ral agents un  affiliated with the Company. 

Flood:       FNIC writes flood insurance through the National Flood Insurance Program ( NFIP ). We write the policy for the NFIP, which assumes 100% of the flood risk while we retain a commission for our service. 

See the discussion in Item 1:  Business  in our   2015   Form 10-K for additional information with respect to our business. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Operating Results Overview -   Three Months   Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared with Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 

The following overview does not address all of the matters covered in the other sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations or contain all of the information that may be important to our shareholders  

-       28       - 

Table of Contents  

or the investing public. This overview should be read in conjunction with the other sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following table summarizes our unaudited results of operations for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

(1) 

The net loss ratio is calculated as losses and LAE divided by net premiums earned.     

(2) 

The net expense ratio is calculated as all operating expenses less interest expense divided by net premiums earned.     

(3) 

The net combined ratio is calculated as the sum of losses and LAE and all operating expenses less interest expense divided by net premiums earned.     

Revenue 

Total revenue for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   of $  83.8 million increased $11.2 million, or 15.4%, compared to revenue of $72.6 million   in   2015  . 

Gross Premiums Written 

Gross premiums written increased $31.3   million, or 2  4  .  1  %, to $1  6  1.  1   million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $129.8   million   for the same three-month period last year. The increase predominantly reflects market share growth in our homeowners      and personal automobile lines of business. Homeowners  gross premiums written increased $14  .  6   million, or 1  2  .  3  %, to $1  33  .  5   million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $118  .  9   million   for the same three-month period last year. Gross premiums written for our personal automobile line of business increased by $16.5   million to $  21  .  5   million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   com  pared to $  5  .  0   million   in the prior year period. These increases reflect management s   strategy to continue to grow market  

-       29       - 

Table of Contents  

share in Florida as well as expand operations outside of Florida with the growth in our personal automobile line of business. With the expansion into areas outside of Florida, we are able to continue to leverage our personnel and  ,   at the same time, diversify our insurance risk. 

Ceded Premiums   Earned 

Ceded premiums earned increased by $28.3 million, or 56.5%, to $78.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $50.0 million in the same three-month period last year. This increase is driven by the additional excess-of-loss reinsurance costs purchased for the 2016   2017 reinsurance program, which became effective on June 1, 2016 and July 1, 2016 and the additional ceded premiums related to premium growth in our personal automobile line of business from this current period compared to the same-period last year.  

Additionally, during the third quarter of 2015, we re-evaluated the accounting treatment for quota-share reinsurance contracts which lead to a decrease in ceded premiums of $10.9 million in the prior year period. Refer to our   2015   Form 10-  K   for additional information regarding the ceded premiums adjustment. These items were offset by lower ceded premiums this quarter from the 30% property quota-share treaty which ended on July 1, 2016. 

Net Premiums Earned 

Net premiums   earned   increased $7  .  1   million, or   11.4  %, to $6  9  .  4   million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $62.3   million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase was primarily driven by an increase in our Florida homeowners  in-force policy count to   271,461   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared with   231,828   in the prior year. 

Net Investment Income 

Total investments increased $  41.8   million, to $4  26.1   million as of   September 30, 2016  , compared with $384.3 million as of   December 31, 2015  . As a result, net investment income increased $0.3 million, or   13.5  %, to $2.2 million during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to $1.9 million during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase is mainly due to greater interest income earned, which is attributed to the year-over-year growth of our investment portfolio. Our debt securities investment yield, net  ,   was 2.4% for the   three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  . 

Net Realized Investment Gains 

Net realized investment gains   remained constant at $1  .1 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015  ,   respectively  . From time to time, our portfolio managers, under our control, move out of positions due to both macro and micro conditions; these movements generate both realized gains and losses. 

Other Income 

Other income increased $  3.8   million, or   52.4  %, to $1  1.1   million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $7.3 million in the prior year period. The following table represents the other income detail as follows: 

The increase in direct written policy fees is   correlated   to the increase in gross written premiums in our homeowners and personal automobile lines of business compared to the prior year.   These fees are generated when the Company writes a policy and the fee   varies from state to state and by line of business  .   Policy fees generated by the managing general agent are earned by the Company. All other   policy   fees are   collected by us and   passed through to the general agent as acquisition costs and recognized in commission and other underwriting expenses. 

-       30       - 

Table of Contents  

The increase in commission income primarily reflects the growth in   ceded   commissions from personal automobile and the fees we receive for managing that business.   These fees are received by FNIC and passed through to FNU for its services as a managing general agent.   The   commission   income   from personal automobile   is designed to offset the commission and other acquisition costs incurred when the Company writes the policies, which are recognized in the commissions and other underwriting expenses account  .   

Expenses 

Losses and L  oss   A  djustment   E  xpenses 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses ( LAE ) increased $15.2   million, or   5  3.  5  %, to $4  3  .  6   million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $28.4   million   for the same three-month period last year.   The increase in losses and LAE was driven by approximately $9.0 million in additional losses related to increasing our Florida homeowners  current year accident year attritional loss ratio, which is currently now at 36.1%, as compared to the same period in prior year.   We believe this measure is useful to investors as the Company uses the attritional loss ratio to monitor losses associated with ordinary insurance operations. Additionally, the Company incurred   $4.0 million in   catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, correlated with the impact of Hurricane Hermine, and   $4.5 million of   additional losses incurred related to higher premiums this quarter as compared to same period in prior year. 

During the third quarter of 2015, we re-evaluated the accounting treatment for quota-share reinsurance contracts which led to an additional $4.5 million in losses and LAE in the prior year period. Refer to our   2015   Form 10-  K   for additional information regarding the losses and LAE adjustment. 

Commissions and Other Underwriting Expenses 

Commissions and other underwriting expenses increased $12.9 million, or 59.7%, to $34.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $21.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   The increase is driven by $6.0 million in prior year expense reduction related to the commission credit received as part of the 30% property quota share treaty for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and the remaining $7.0 million increase is primarily the additional acquisition costs related to the $35.3 million growth in gross premiums earned during this quarter as compared to the same period in prior year.  The gross premiums earned increase is driven from homeowners and personal automobile lines of business.   Al  though personal   automobile quota-share treaties cede 75% to 90% of all written premiums  , the full expense for commissions and other acquisition costs are recognized in this   line item and offset the related commission income within other income  . 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses   de  creased   $  0.8   million, or   17.  2%, to $  4.0   million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $4.9 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .    The decrease is primarily driven by lower executive and employee bonus expense which fluctuates based on the Company s performance.  

Income Taxes 

Income taxes decreased   $  7.0   million, or   98.6  %, to $0.  1   million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $7.1 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .     The change was due to a decrease in taxable income and a decrease in our effective tax rate related to adjustments in our permanent items, including increased federal deductions in our state tax expense and return to provision adjustments. 

Operating Results Overview -   Nine Months   Ended   September 30,   2016   Compared with   Nine Months   Ended   September 30, 2015 

The following overview does not address all of the matters covered in the other sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations or contain all of the information that may be important to our shareholders  

-       31       - 

Table of Contents  

or the investing public. This overview should be read in conjunction with the other sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following table reports our unaudited results of operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

(1) 

The net loss ratio is calculated as losses and LAE divided by net premiums earned.     

(2) 

The net expense ratio is calculated as all operating expenses less interest expense divided by net premiums earned.     

(3) 

The net combined ratio is calculated as the sum of losses and LAE and all operating expenses less interest expense divided by net premiums earned.     

Revenue 

Total revenue for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   of $227.8   million increased $  41  .  5   million, or 2  2  .  3  %, compared to revenue of $186.3 million   in   2015  . 

Gross Premiums Written 

Gross premiums written increased $99.8   million, or 2  7  .  1  %, to $  468  .  4   million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $368.6   million   for the same   nine  -month period last year. The increase predominantly reflects market share growth in our homeowners  and personal automobile lines of business. Homeowners  gross premiums written increased $53.6   million, or 1  5  .  8  %, to $  393  .  8   million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $340.2   million   for the same   nine  -month period in the prior year. Gross premiums written for the personal automobile line of business increased by $45.4   million to $  56  .  2   million   in the first   nine   months of   2016  , compared to $10.8   million   in the prior year period. These increases reflect management s strategy to continue to grow market share in Florida as well as expand operations outside of Florida with the growth in the Company s personal automobile  

-       32       - 

Table of Contents  

line of business. With the expansion into areas   outside of Florida, we are able to continue to leverage our personnel and  ,   at the same time, diversify our insurance risk. 

Ceded Premiums   Earned 

Ceded premiums earned increased by $74.3 million, or 48.2%, to $228.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $154.3 million in the same nine-month period last year.   This increase is driven by additional excess-of-loss reinsurance costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and additional ceded premiums   from quota-share agreements   in our homeowners  and personal automobile lines of business. These items were offset by lower ceded premiums in the third quarter of 2016 from the 30% property quota-share treaty which ended on July 1, 2016. 

Net Premiums Earned 

Net premiums earned increased $2  8  .  1   million, or   18  .  0  %, to $1  84.4   million   during   the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $156.3   million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase was primarily driven by an increase in our Florida homeowners  in-force policy count to   271,460   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared with   231,828   in the prior year. 

Net Investment Income 

Net investment income increased $1.  2   million, or   24.1  %, to $  6.4   million during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to $5.2 million in   2015  . This increase is mainly due to greater interest income earned, which is attributed to the year-over-year growth of our investment portfolio. Our debt securities investment yield, net  ,   was 2.4% for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Net Realized Investment Gains 

Net realized investment gains totaled $  2.1   million for the first   nine   months of   2016  , compared with $3.7 million for the same period in   2015  . From time to time, our portfolio managers, under our direction, move out of positions due to both macro and micro conditions; these movements generate both realized gains and losses. 

Other Income 

Other income increased $  13.8   million, or   65.2  %, to $  34.9   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $21.1 million in the prior year period. The following table represents the other income detail as follows: 

The increase in direct written policy fees is   correlated   related to the increase in gross written premiums in our homeowners and personal automobile lines of business compare  d to prior year.   The increase in direct written policy fees is directly related to the increase in gross written premiums in our homeowners and personal automobile lines of business compared to the prior year.   These fees are generated when the Company writes a policy and   varies from state to state, and by line of business  .   Policy fees generated by the managing general agent are earned by the Company. All other   policy   fees are   collected by us and   passed through to the general agent as acquisition costs and recognized in commission and other underwriting expenses. 

The increase in commission income primarily reflects the growth in   ceded   commissions from personal automobile and the fees we recei  ve for managing that business.   The   commission   income   from personal automobile   is designed to offset the commission and other acquisition costs incurred when the Company writes the policies, which are recognized in the commissions and other underwriting expenses account. 

-       33       - 

Table of Contents  

The decrease in   q  uota-share profit sharing is the result of our re-evaluation, effective September 30, 2015, of the accounting treatment for the quota-share reinsurance contracts with retrospective rating provisions. At that time  ,   we eliminated recording of future estimated quota-share profits in one line  ,   ("Quota-share profit shari  ng")   on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Expenses 

Losses and LAE 

Losses and LAE increased $44.7 million, or 59.2%, to $120.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $75.5 million for the same nine-month period in the prior year.   The increase in losses and LAE was driven by approximately $26.0 million in additional losses related to increasing our Florida homeowners  current year accident year attritional loss ratio, which is currently now at 36.1%, and $10.4 million related to higher premiums this period as compared to same period in prior year, offset by higher ceded losses from the property quota-share treaties.   The increase in the attritional loss ratio is a direct result of the continued impact from assignment of benefits and other related adjusting expenses, and the impact from the temporary discontinuation of our underwriting analytics.     We believe this measure is useful to investors as the Company uses the attritional loss ratio to monitor losses associated with ordinary insurance operations.  

Additionally, the Company incurred $11.9 milli  on in gross catastrophe losses   correlated with severe weather events that impacted the State of Florida (i.e., tornadoes, Tropical Storm Colin, and Hurricane Hermine) and $11.0 million in prior year development in the all other peril homeowners  coverage in Florida relating to the 2015 accident year.  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $127.5 million in losses and LAE expense reserves for all lines of business, which includes $76.7 million in incurred but not yet reported ( IBNR ) reserves. As of December 31, 2015, the Company recorded $97.3 million in losses and LAE expense reserves for all lines of business, which includes $51.1 million in IBNR reserves. 

Commissions and Other Underwriting Expenses 

Commissions and other underwriting expenses increased $27.5 million, or 57.3%, to $75.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $47.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    The increase is driven by additional acquisition costs and underwriting expenses related to the growth in gross premiums earned during this period as compared to the same period in prior year.  The increase in gross premiums earned is driven by the homeowners  and personal automobile lines of business.  Although personal automobile quota-share treaties cede 75% to 90% of all written premiums, the full expense for commissions and other acquisition costs are recognized in this line item and offset the related commission income with the other income line item. 

Additionally, with the 30% quota share treaty ending on July 1, 2016, the Company did not receive the commission credit from the 30% quota share which increased expenses by approximately $9.0 million during the third quarter of 2016. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased   $  1.2   million, or   10.3  %, to $13  .2   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $12.0 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase primarily reflects expenses incurred of $1.9   million in connection with the resignation of the Company s former Chief Financial Officer during the   second quarter of   2016.    

Income Taxes 

Income taxes decreased $  12.9   million, or   66.2  %, to $6.  6   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $19.5 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Our effective tax rate was 3  5.2  % for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with 38.5% for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .     The change was due to a decrease in taxable income and a decrease in our effective tax rate related to adjustments in our permanent items, including increased federal deductions in our state tax expense and return to provision adjustments. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Our primary sources of funds are net premiums, investme  nt income, commissions and fee income. Our primary uses of funds are the payment of claims and operating expenses. As   of   September 30, 2016  , FNHC held $4  26.1     million in investments. Cash and cash equivalents increased $  53  .  2     million, to $  106  .  2     million as of   September 30, 2016  , compared with $53.0     million as of   December 31, 2015  . 

-       34       - 

Table of Contents  

Cash Flows Discussion 

Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities   in  creased to $  99.3   million   in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from $  80  .  2     million in the same period   in     2015  . This   in  crease primarily   reflects     the increase   in   prepaid reinsurance premiums, partly offset by decreases in   the deferred acquisition costs and     premiums receivable.   The decrease in deferred acquisition costs reflects the unwinding effect of the 30% quota-share treaty which expired on a cut-off basis on July 1, 2016. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities of $  38  .  3   million in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   related to purchases   of investment securities of $18  8  .  6   million, partly offset by sales, maturities and redemptions of   our investment securities of $151  .  9   million. Net cash used in investing activities of $  61  .  9   million in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   related to purchases of investment securities of $1  9  5  .  3   million, partly offset by sales, maturities and redemptions of   our investment securities of $  134  .  9     million. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities for   the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   of $  7  .  8   million, primarily reflects   repurchases of our common stock of $5.5 million and   dividend payments of $  3  .  6   million  , partially offset by $0.  8   million in tax benefits related to share-based compensation. Net cash provided by financing activities of $  17  .  7   million for   the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   ref  lects $18.  5   million related to the   noncontrolling interest equity investment  , partially offset by dividend payments of $1.8 million  . 

We believe that existing cash and investment balances, when combined with anticipated cash flows as noted above, will be adequate to meet our expected liquidity needs in both the short-term and the reasonably foreseeable future. We currently expect to continue     declaring and paying     dividends at comparable levels, subject to our future liquidity needs and reserve requirements. The Company also considers various opportunities, including common stock repurchases, to deploy its excess capital. Any future growth strategy may require external financing, and we may from time to time seek to obtain external financing. We cannot assure that additional sources of financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, or that any such financing would not negatively impact our results of operations. 

Dividends and Common Stock Repurchases 

In February 2016, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend payment of $0.05   per common share,   paid in March 2016, amounting to $0.7 million. In May and June 2016, our Board of Directors declared quarterly dividend payments of $0.06 per common share, respectively, paid in June and August 2016, resp  ectively, totaling $1.7 million  .   

In September 2016, our Board of Directors declared a $0.08 per common share dividend payable December 1, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 1, 2016  .     Based on the number of shares of   common stock outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , at a dividend of $0.  08   per share, the anticipated cash outflow would be $1.  1     million in the   fourth   quarter of 2016. We currently expect to declare and pay quarterly dividends of similar amounts.  

In March 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase shares of common stock of FNHC, at such times and at prices as management determines advisable, up to an aggregate of $10.0     million through March 31, 2017. Common stock repurchases are conducted in the open market. The amount and timing of all repurchase transactions are contingent upon market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors. This program may be modified, suspended or terminated by us at any time without notice. 

During the first   nine   months   of   2016  , we repurchased 0.  3     million shares of common stock for   $  5  .  5     million, including commissions. The remaining availability for future repurchases of our common stock was   $  4  .  5     million. 

Impact from Hurricane Matthew 

Based on our preliminary estimate of the losses caused by Hurricane Matthew as described in Note 13    Subsequent Event  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this Form 10-Q, we do not believe there will be a significant impact on our future liquidity and financial position. 

-       35       - 

Table of Contents  

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 

The consolidated financial statements and related data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Our primary assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or with the same magnitude as the inflationary effect on the cost of paying losses and LAE. 

Insurance premiums are established before we know the amount of losses and LAE and the extent to which inflation may affect such expenses. Consequently, we attempt to anticipate the future impact of inflation when establishing rate levels. While we attempt to charge adequate premiums, we may be limited in raising premium levels for competitive and regulatory reasons. Inflation may also affect the market value of our investment portfolio and the investment rate of return. Any future economic changes that result in prolonged and increasing levels of inflation could cause increases in the dollar amount of incurred losses and LAE and thereby materially adversely affect future liability requirements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. Actual results inevitably will differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to the financial statements. 

We believe our most critical accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our financial statements are: (i) fair value measurements of our investments, (ii) investments, (iii) premium and unearned premium calculation, (iv) reinsurance contracts, (v) the amount and recoverability of amortization of deferred acquisition costs ( DAC ), (vi) reserve for loss and LAE and (vii) income taxes.  The accounting estimates that result require the use of assumptions about certain matters that are highly uncertain at the time of estimation.  To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be affected. 

There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  Refer to Part II, Item 7:  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Estimates  included in our   2015   Form 10-K   for a more   complete description of our critical accounting estimates. 

Ite    m 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Our investment objective is to maximize total rate of return after federal income taxes while maintaining liquidity and minimizing risk. Our current investment policy limits investment in non-investment-grade debt securities (including high-yield bonds), and limits total investments in preferred stock, common stock and mortgage notes receivable. We also comply with applicable laws and regulations that further restrict the type, quality and concentration of our investments. In general, these laws and regulations permit investments, within specified limits and subject to certain qualifications, in federal, state and municipal obligations, corporate bonds, preferred and common equity securities and real estate mortgages. 

Our investment policy is established by the Board of Directors Investment Committee and is reviewed on a regular basis. Pursuant to this investment policy, as   of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   92  % of investments were in debt securities and cash and cash equivalents, which are considered to be either held until maturity or available-for-sale, based upon our estimates of required liquidity. Approximately   98%   of the debt securities are considered available-for-sale and are marked to market. We may in the future consider additional debt securities to be held-to-maturity and carried at amortized cost. We do not use any swaps, options, futures or forward contracts to hedge or enhance our investment portfolio. 

Ite    m 4.  Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Our   management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and   Interim   Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of   September 30, 2016  . Based upon their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and   Interim   Chief Financial Officer concluded that our  

-       36       - 

Table of Contents  

disclosure controls and procedures, as of   September 30, 2016  , were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by it under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in such reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and   Interim   Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   that   have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

-       37       - 

Table of Contents  

Part II: OT    HER INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings 

The Company is a party to a Co-Existence Agreement effective as of August 30, 2013 (the  Co-Existence Agreement ) with Federated Mutual Insurance Company ( Mutual ) pursuant to which the Company has agreed to certain restrictions on its use of the word  FEDERATED  without the word  NATIONAL  when referring to FNHC and Federated National Insurance Company.  In response to Mutual s allegations that the Company s use of the word  FED  as part of the Company s federally registered  FEDNAT  trademark infringes on Mutual s federal and common law trademark rights, which the Company disputes, on July 21, 2016, the Company filed a declaratory judgment action for non-infringement of trademark in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida.  Specifically, the Company seeks a declaration that its federally registered trademark "FEDNAT" does not infringe any alleged trademark rights of Mutual and that Mutual does not own any trademark rights to the name or mark "FED" in connection with insurance services outside of Owatonna, Minnesota.  On July 26, 2016, Mutual filed a demand for arbitration against the Company before the American Arbitration Association alleging a breach of the Co-Existence Agreement.  Both matters are in their preliminary stages and FNHC intends to vigorously defend against all of Mutual s allegations, although there can be no assurances as to the outcome of either matter. 

Refer to Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I,  Financial Statements  for further information about legal proceedings. 

Ite    m 1A.  Risk Factors 

There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  ,    of the Company s   2015   Form 10-K  .  Please refer to that section for disclosures regarding what we believe are the most significant risks and uncertainties related to our business. 

It    em 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   The following table sets forth information with respect to purchases of shares of our common stock made during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   by or on behalf of FNHC. All purchases were made in the open market in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. 

(1) 

In March 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase shares of common stock of FNHC, at such times and at prices as management determines advisable, up to an aggregate of $10.0 million through March 31, 2017.     

It    em 3.  Defaults upon Senior Securities 

None. 

It    em 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Ite    m 5.  Other Information 

None  . 

-       38       - 

Table of Contents  

Ite    m 6.  Exhibits 

Exhibit No.  

Description  

10.1  

FHCF Supplemental Layer Reinsurance Contract, effective June 1, 2016 between Federated National Insurance Company and subscribing reinsurers.*  

10.2  

Multi-Year Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract, effective July 1, 2016 between Federated National Insurance Company and subscribing reinsurers.*  

10.3  

Non-Florida Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract, effective July 1, 2016 between Federated National Insurance Company and subscribing reinsurers.*  

10.4  

Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract, effective July 1, 2016 between Federated National Insurance Company and subscribing reinsurers.*  

10.5  

Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract, effective July 1, 2016, between Federated National Insurance Company and subscribing reinsurers.*  

10.6  

Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract, effective July 1, 2016 between Federated National Insurance Company and subscribing reinsurers.*  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  *  *  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  *  *  

32.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act*  *  

32.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act*  *  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document**  *  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document**  *  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document**  *  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document**  *  

101.PRE  

XBRLTaxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document**  *  

________________________ 

*     This exhibit is subject to a confidential treatment request filed with the SEC. 

*  *     F  iled herewith 

*  ** In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be part of any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

-       39       - 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FEDERATED     NATIONAL     HOLDING     COMPANY  

By:  

/s/ Michael H. Braun  

Michael H. Braun, Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Erick A.  Fernandez  

Erick A. Fernandez, Interim Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Date:   November     8  , 2016 

-       40       - 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 c996-20160930xex10_1.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit 101 FHCF Supplement Layer Reinsurance Contract Effective 060116 - Federated National Insurance C

FHCF Supplement Layer 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  June 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

_______________________ 

*****  Portions of this document omitted pursuant to an application for an order for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. Confidential portions of this document have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

American Standard Insurance Company of Wisconsin  

*%  

BGS Services (Bermuda) Limited      for and on behalf of Lloyd's Syndicate No. 2987  

*%  

Chubb Tempest Reinsurance Ltd.  

*%  

DaVinci Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Fidelis Insurance Bermuda Limited  

*%  

Hamilton Re, Ltd.  

*%  

Horseshoe Re Limited      on behalf of and for the benefit of its Separate Account CC0024  **  

*%  

Partner Reinsurance Company Ltd.  

*%  

Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Securis Re II Ltd. Bermuda  
					 
						   in respect of its segregated account designated "SRB205"**  

*%  

Securis Re III Ltd. Bermuda  
					 
						   in respect of its segregated account designated "SRB305"**  

*%  

Securis Re V Ltd. Bermuda  
					 
						   in respect of its segregated account designated "SRB505"**  

*%  

Securis Re VI Ltd. Bermuda  
					 
						   in respect of its segregated account designated "SRB605"**  

*%  

Tokio Millennium Re AG, Bermuda Branch (Elementum Advisors Business)* *  

*%  

Tokio Millennium Re AG (Bermuda Branch)  

*%  

Transatlantic Reinsurance Company  

*%  

XL Bermuda Ltd.**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Ascot Underwriting (Bermuda) Limited     for and on behalf of American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd.  

*%  

General Insurance Corporation of India  

*%  

L nsf rs kringar Sak Fors kringsaktiebolag (publ)  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited     for and on behalf of PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited      for and on behalf of Taiping Reinsurance Co. Ltd.  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited     for and on behalf of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters and Companies     Per Signing Page(s)  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Table of Contents 

FHCF Supplement Layer 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective: June 1, 2016 

entered into by and between  

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise,   Florida 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Company") 

and 

The Subscribing Reinsurer(s) Executing the 

Interests and Liabilities Agreement(s) 

Attached Hereto 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Reinsurer") 

Article 1 -   Classes of Business Reinsured 

By this Contract the Reinsurer agrees to reinsure the excess liability which may accrue to the Company under its policies in force at the effective time and date hereof or issued or renewed at or after that time and date, and classified by the Company as Property business, including but not limited to, Dwelling Fire, Inland Marine, Mobile Home, Commercial and Homeowners business (including any business assumed from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation), subject to the terms, conditions and limitations hereinafter set forth. 

Article 2 -   Commencement and Termination 

A.      This Contract shall become effective at 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, June 1, 2016, with respect to losses arising out of loss occurrences commencing at or after that time and date, and shall remain in force until 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, June 1, 2017. 

B.        Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph A above, the Company may terminate a   Subscribing   Reinsurer's percentage share in this Contract at any time by giving written notice to the Subscribing Reinsurer in the event any of the following circumstances occur: 

1.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer's accounting system)   at the inception of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) 12 months prior to that date; or 

2.       The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the Subscribing   Reinsurer's   accounting system)   at any time during the term of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) at the date of the Subscribing Reinsurer's most recent financial  

statement filed with regulatory authorities and available to the public as of the inception of this Contract; or 

3.       The Subscribing Reinsurer's A.M. Best's rating has been assigned or downgraded below A- and/or Standard   Poor's rating has been assigned or downgraded below BBB+; or 

4.       The Subscribing Reinsurer has become, or has announced its intention to become, merged with, acquired by or controlled by any other entity or individual(s) not controlling the Subscribing Reinsurer's operations previously; or 

5.       A State Insurance Department or other legal authority has ordered the Subscribing Reinsurer to cease writing business; or 

6.       The Subscribing Reinsurer has become insolvent or has been placed into liquidation, receivership, supervision, administration, winding-up or under a scheme of arrangement, or similar proceedings (whether voluntary or involuntary) or proceedings have been instituted against the Subscribing Reinsurer for the appointment of a   receiver  , liquidator, rehabilitator, supervisor, administrator, conservator or trustee in bankruptcy, or other agent known by whatever name, to take possession of its assets or control of its operations; or 

7.       The Subscribing Reinsurer has reinsured its entire liability under this Contract without the Company's prior written consent; or 

8.       The Subscribing Reinsurer has ceased assuming new or renewal property or casualty treaty reinsurance business; or 

9.       The Subscribing Reinsurer has hired an unaffiliated runoff claims manager that is compensated on a contingent basis or is otherwise provided with financial incentives based on the quantum of claims paid; or 

10.     The Subscribing Reinsurer has failed to comply with the funding requirements set forth in the   Reserves   Article. 

C.      The "term of this Contract" as used herein shall mean the period from 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, June 1, 2016 to 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, June 1, 2017.  However, if this Contract is terminated, the "term of this Contract" as used herein shall mean the period from 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, June 1, 2016 to the effective time and date of termination. 

D.        If this Contract is terminated or expires while a loss occurrence covered hereunder is in progress, the Reinsurer's liability hereunder shall, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Contract, be determined as if the entire loss occurrence had occurred prior to the termination or expiration of this Contract, provided that no part of such loss occurrence is claimed against any renewal or replacement of this Contract. 

Article 3 -   Territory 

This Contract shall only apply to risks located in the State of Florida. 

Article 4 -   Exclusions 

A.      This Contract does not apply to and specifically excludes the following: 

1.       Reinsurance assumed by the Company under obligatory reinsurance agreements, except business assumed by the Company from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation. 

2.         Hail damage to growing or standing crops. 

3.         Business rated, coded or classified as Flood insurance or which should have been rated, coded or classified as such. 

4.         Business rated, coded or classified as Mortgage Impairment and Difference in Conditions insurance or which should have been rated, coded or classified as such. 

5.         Title insurance and all forms of Financial Guarantee, Credit and Insolvency. 

6.         Aviation, Ocean Marine, Boiler and Machinery, Fidelity and Surety, Accident and Health, Animal Mortality and Workers Compensation and Employers Liability. 

7.         Errors and Omissions, Malpractice and any other type of Professional Liability insurance.  

8.         Loss and/or damage and/or costs and/or expenses arising from seepage and/or pollution and/or contamination, other than contamination from smoke.  Nevertheless, this exclusion does not preclude payment of the cost of removing debris of property damaged by a loss otherwise covered hereunder, subject always to a limit of 25.0% of the Company's property loss under the applicable original policy. 

9.         Loss or liability as excluded under the provisions of the "War Exclusion Clause" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

10.         Nuclear risks as defined in the "Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance (U.S.A.)" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

11.         Loss or liability from any Pool, Association or Syndicate and any assessment or similar demand for payment related to the FHCF or Citizens Property Insurance Corporation. 

12.         Loss or liability of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or otherwise, from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or involuntary, in any insolvency fund.  "Insolvency fund" includes any guaranty fund, insolvency fund, plan, pool, association, fund or other arrangement, however denominated, established or governed, which provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the  

Company of part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation of an insurer, or its successors or assigns, which has been declared by any competent authority to be insolvent, or which is otherwise deemed unable to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation in whole or in part.  

13.         Losses in the respect of overhead transmission and distribution lines other than those on or within 150 meters (or 500 feet) of the insured premises. 

14.         Mold, unless resulting from a peril otherwise covered under the policy involved. 

15.       Loss or liability as excluded under the provisions of the "Terrorism Exclusion" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

16.         All property loss, damage, destruction, erasure, corruption or alteration of Electronic Data from any cause whatsoever (including, but not limited to, Computer Virus) or loss of use, reduction in functionality, cost, expense or whatsoever nature resulting therefrom, unless resulting from a peril otherwise covered under the policy involved. 

"Electronic Data" as used herein means facts, concepts and information converted to a form usable for communications, interpretation or processing by electronic and electromechanical data processing or electronically-controlled equipment and includes programs, software and other coded instructions for the processing and manipulation of data or the direction and manipulation of such equipment.  

"Computer Virus" as used herein means a set of corrupting, harmful or otherwise unauthorized instructions or code, including a set of maliciously-introduced, unauthorized instructions or code, that propagate themselves through a computer system network of whatsoever nature. 

However, in the event that a peril otherwise covered under the policy results from any of the matters described above, this Contract, subject to all other terms and conditions, will cover physical damage directly caused by such listed peril. 

Article 5 -   Retention and Limit 

A.      The Company   shal  l retain and be liable for   the first *****   of ultimate net loss arising out of any one loss occurrence.    The Reinsurer shall then be liable for the amount by which such ultimate net loss exceeds the Company's retention,   but the Reinsurer's liability for ultimate net loss (plus an allowance for loss adjustment expense)     shall not exceed *****     as respects all losses arising   out of loss occurrence  s    commencing during the term of this Contract  . 

B.      Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph A above, the following shall apply: 

1.       W  hen the Company experiences   u  ltimate net loss   from one or two covered e  vents during the   term of this Contract  , the Company s full   *****     r  etention shall be applied   to each of the covered events; and 

2.         W  hen the Company experiences   ultimate net loss   from more than two covered e  vents during   the term of this Contract  , the Company s full   ***** r  etention     shall be applied to  

each   of the two covered e  vents causing the largest   u  ltimate net loss   for the Company.    For each other covered e  vent resulting in   ultimate net loss  , the Company s   r  etention shall be reduced to one - third of its full   r  etention   *****   and applied to   all other covered e  vents.  

C.      No claim will be made under this Contract in any one loss occurrence unless at least two risks insured or reinsured by the Company are involved in such loss occurrence. 

D.      As part of the Reinsurer's limit of liability set forth in paragraph A above,     the Reinsurer shall be liable for an amount equal to 5.0% of   u  ltimate   n  et   l  oss paid or to be paid by the   Reinsurer   as an allowance for loss adjustment expense incurred by the Company. 

Article 6 -   Other Reinsurance 

The Company shall be permitted to carry other reinsurance, recoveries under which shall inure solely to the benefit of the Company and be entirely disregarded in applying all of the provisions of this Contract. 

Article 7 -   Definition  s 

A.      "Loss in excess of policy limits" and "extra contractual obligations" as used in this Contract shall mean: 

1.         "Loss in excess of policy limits" shall mean 90.0% of any amount paid or payable by the Company in excess of its policy limits, but otherwise within the terms of its policy, such loss in excess of the Company's policy limits having been incurred because of, but not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the policy limits or by reason of the Company's alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of an action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such an action.    A  ny loss in excess of policy limits that is made in connection with this Contract shall not exceed 25.0% of the actual catastrophe loss. 

2.         "Extra contractual obligations" shall mean 90.0% of any punitive, exemplary, compensatory or consequential damages paid or payable by the Company, not covered by any other provision of this Contract and which arise from the handling of any claim on business subject to this Contract, such liabilities arising because of, but not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the policy limits or by reason of the Company's alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of an action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such an action.  An extra contractual obligation shall be deemed, in all circumstances, to have occurred on the same date as the loss covered or alleged to be covered under the policy.    A  ny extra contractual obligations that are made in connection with this Contract shall not exceed 25.0% of the actual catastrophe loss. 

Notwithstanding anything stated herein, this Contract shall not apply to any loss in excess of policy limits or any extra contractual obligation incurred by the Company as a result of  

any fraudulent and/or criminal act by any officer or director of the Company acting individually or collectively or in collusion with any individual or corporation or any other organization or party involved in the presentation, defense or settlement of any claim covered hereunder. 

B.      "Policies" as used in this Contract shall mean all policies, contracts and binders of insurance or reinsurance. 

C.      "Ultimate net loss" as used in this Contract shall mean the sum or sums (including loss in excess of policy limits and extra contractual obligations, as defined herein) paid or payable by the Company in settlement of claims and in satisfaction of judgments rendered on account of such claims, after deduction of all salvage, all recoveries and all claims on inuring insurance or reinsurance, whether collectible or not.  Nothing herein shall be construed to mean that losses under this Contract are not recoverable until the Company's ultimate net loss has been ascertained. 

Article 8 -   Loss Occurrence 

A.      "Loss   occurrence  " as used in this Contract shall mean the sum of individual insured losses incurred under Policies resulting from the same   covered e  vent. 

B.      "Covered e  vent" as used in this Contract shall mean any one storm declared to be a   hurricane   by the National Hurricane Center which causes   insured losses in Florida.  A c  overed   e  vent begins when a hurricane causes damage in Florida while it is a hurricane and continues throughout any subsequent downgrades in storm status by the National Hurricane Center regardless of whether the hurricane makes landfall.  Any storm, including a tropical storm, which does n  ot become a hurricane is not a c  overed   e  vent. 

Article 9 -   Loss Notices and Settlements 

A.      Whenever losses sustained by the Company are reserved by the Company for an amount greater than 50.0% of the Company's retention hereunder and/or appear likely to result in a claim under this Contract, the Company shall notify the Subscribing Reinsurers and shall provide updates related to development of such losses.  The Reinsurer shall have the right to participate in the adjustment of such losses at its own expense. 

B.      All loss settlements made by the Company, provided they are within the terms of this Contract and the terms of the original policy (with the exception of loss in excess of policy limits or extra contractual obligations coverage, if any, under this Contract), shall be binding upon the Reinsurer, and the Reinsurer agrees to pay all amounts for which it may be liable, including   the associated allowance for loss adjustment expense  , upon receipt of reasonable evidence of the amount paid by the Company. 

Article 10 -   Cash Call 

Notwithstanding the provisions of the   Loss Notices and S  ettlements Article, upon the request of the Company, the Reinsurer shall pay any amount with regard to a loss settlement or  

settlements     (including the associated allowance for loss adjustment expense)   that are scheduled to be made (including any payments projected   to be made) within the next 20   days by the Company, subject to receipt by the Reinsurer of a satisfactory proof of loss.  Such agreed   payment shall be made within 10   days from the date the demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

Article 11 -   Salvage and Subrogation 

The Reinsurer shall be credited with salvage (i.e., reimbursement obtained or recovery made by the Company, less the actual cost, excluding salaries of officials and employees of the Company and sums paid to attorneys as retainer, of obtaining such reimbursement or making such recovery) on account of claims and settlements involving reinsurance hereunder.  Salvage thereon shall always be used to reimburse the excess carriers in the reverse order of their priority according to their participation before being used in any way to reimburse the Company for its primary loss.  The Company hereby agrees to enforce its rights to salvage or subrogation relating to any loss, a part of which loss was sustained by the Reinsurer, and to prosecute all claims arising out of such rights, if, in the Company's opinion, it is economically reasonable to do so. 

Article 12 -   Reinsurance Premium 

A.      As premium for reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract, the Company shall pay the Reinsurer a premium equal to the product of the following (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the term of this Contract is less than 12 months), subject to a minimum premium of ***** (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the term of this Contract is less than 12 months): 

1.         An annual deposit premium of *****; times 

2.         The percentage calculated by dividing (a) the actual Average Annual Loss ("AAL") determined by the Company's wind insurance in force on September 30, 2016, by (b) the original AAL of *****. 

However, if the difference between annual deposit premium of *****, and the premium calculated in accordance with this paragraph A is less than a 10.0% increase or decrease, the premium due the Reinsurer will equal the annual deposit premium of *****. 

The Company's AAL shall be derived by averaging the applicable data produced by Applied Insurance Research (AIR) Touchstone v3.1 and Risk Management Solutions (RMS) RiskLink v15   ca  t  astrophe modeling software, in the   long  -term perspective, including secondary uncertainty and loss amplification, but excluding storm surge.    It is understood that the calculation of the actual AAL shall be based on the Reinsurer's per occurrence limit of   *****  , net of the FHCF mandatory layer of coverage purchased by the Company using the current estimates of   the mandatory FHCF coverage   of   *****   excess of   *****  . 

B.      The Company shall pay the Reinsurer an annual deposit premium of *****, in four equal installments of ***** on July 1 and October 1 of 2016, and on January 1 and April 1 of 2017.   

However, in the event this Contract is terminated, there shall be no deposit premium installments due after the effective date of termination. 

C  .      On   or   before May 31, 2017  , the Company shall provide a report to the Reinsurer setting forth the premium due hereunder for   the term of this Contract  , computed   in accordance with paragraph A above, and any additional premium due the Reinsurer or return premium due the Company shall be remitted promptly. 

Article 13 -   Sanctions 

Neither the Company nor any Subscribing Reinsurer shall be liable for premium or loss under this Contract if it would result in a violation of any mandatory sanction, prohibition or restriction under United Nations resolutions or the trade or economic sanctions, laws or regulations of the European Union, United Kingdom or United States of America that are applicable to either party. 

Article 14 -   Late Payments 

A.      The provisions of this Article shall not be implemented unless specifically invoked, in writing, by one of the parties to this Contract. 

B.        In the event any premium, loss or other payment due either party is not received by the intermediary named in the Intermediary Article (hereinafter referred to as the "Intermediary") by the payment due date, the party to whom payment is due may, by notifying the Intermediary in writing, require the debtor party to pay, and the debtor party agrees to pay, an interest charge on the amount past due calculated for each such payment on the last business day of each month as follows: 

1.         The number of full days which have expired since the due date or the last monthly calculation, whichever the lesser; times 

2.         1/365ths of the six-month United States Treasury Bill rate     as quoted in   The Wall Street Journal   on the first business day of the month for which the calculation is made; times 

3.         The amount past due, including accrued interest. 

It is agreed that interest shall accumulate until payment of the original amount due plus interest charges have been received by the Intermediary. 

C.      The establishment of the due date shall, for purposes of this Article, be determined as follows: 

1.         As respects the payment of routine deposits and premiums due the Reinsurer, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 30 days after the date of transmittal by the Intermediary of the initial billing for each such payment. 

2.         Any claim or loss payment due the Company hereunder shall be deemed due 10 days after the proof of loss or demand for payment is transmitted to the Reinsurer.  If such loss or claim payment is not received within the 10 days, interest will accrue on the payment or amount overdue in accordance with paragraph B above, from the date the proof of loss or demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

3.         As respects any payment, adjustment or return due either party not otherwise provided for in subparagraphs 1 and 2 of this paragraph C, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 10 days following transmittal of written notification that the provisions of this Article have been invoked. 

For purposes of interest calculations only, amounts due hereunder shall be deemed paid upon receipt by the Intermediary. 

D.      Nothing herein shall be construed as limiting or prohibiting a Subscribing Reinsurer from contesting the validity of any claim, or from participating in the defense of any claim or suit, or prohibiting either party from contesting the validity of any payment or from initiating any arbitration or other proceeding in accordance with the provisions of this Contract.  If the debtor party prevails in an arbitration or other proceeding, then any interest charges due hereunder on the amount in dispute shall be null and void.  If the debtor party loses in such proceeding, then the interest charge on the amount determined to be due hereunder shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth above unless otherwise determined by such proceedings.  If a debtor party advances payment of any amount it is contesting, and proves to be correct in its contestation, either in whole or in part, the other party shall reimburse the debtor party for any such excess payment made plus interest on the excess amount calculated in accordance with this Article. 

E.      Interest charges arising out of the application of this Article that are $1,000 or less from any party shall be waived unless there is a pattern of late payments consisting of three or more items over the course of any 12-month period. 

Article 15 -   Offset 

The Company and the Reinsurer may offset any balance or amount due from one party to the other under this Contract or any other contract heretofore or hereafter entered into between the Company and the Reinsurer, whether acting as assuming reinsurer or ceding company.  The provisions of this Article shall not be affected by the insolvency of either party. 

Article 16 -   Access to Records 

The Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall have access at any reasonable time to all records of the Company which pertain in any way to this reinsurance, provided the Reinsurer gives the Company at least 15 days prior notice of request for such access.  However, a Subscribing Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall not have any right of access to the records of the Company if it is not current in all undisputed payments due the Company.  "Undisputed" as used herein shall mean any amount that the Subscribing Reinsurer has not contested in writing to the Company specifying the reason(s) why the payments are disputed.   

Article 17 -   Liability of the Reinsurer 

A.      The liability of the Reinsurer shall follow that of the Company in every case and be subject in all respects to all the general and specific stipulations, clauses, waivers and modifications of the Company's policies and any endorsements thereon.  However, in no event shall this be construed in any way to provide coverage outside the terms and conditions set forth in this Contract. 

B.        Nothing herein shall in any manner create any obligations or establish any rights against the Reinsurer in favor of any third party or any persons not parties to this Contract. 

Article 18 -   Net Retained Lines (BRMA 32E) 

A.      This Contract applies only to that portion of any policy which the Company retains net for its own account (prior to deduction of any underlying reinsurance specifically permitted in this Contract), and in calculating the amount of any loss hereunder and also in computing the amount or amounts in excess of which this Contract attaches, only loss or losses in respect of that portion of any policy which the Company retains net for its own account shall be included. 

B.      The amount of the Reinsurer's liability hereunder in respect of any loss or losses shall not be increased by reason of the inability of the Company to collect from any other reinsurer(s), whether specific or general, any amounts which may have become due from such reinsurer(s), whether such inability arises from the insolvency of such other reinsurer(s) or otherwise. 

Article 19 -   Errors and Omissions (BRMA 14F) 

Inadvertent delays, errors or omissions made in connection with this Contract or any transaction hereunder shall not relieve either party from any liability which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not occurred, provided always that such error or omission is rectified as soon as possible after discovery. 

Article 20 -   Currency (BRMA 12A) 

A.      Whenever the word "Dollars" or the "$" sign appears in this Contract, they shall be construed to mean United States Dollars and all transactions under this Contract shall be in United States Dollars. 

B.      Amounts paid or received by the Company in any other currency shall be converted to United States Dollars at the rate of exchange at the date such transaction is entered on the books of the Company. 

Article 21 -   Taxes (BRMA 50B) 

In consideration of the terms under which this Contract is issued, the Company will not claim a deduction in respect of the premium hereon when making tax returns, other than income or profits tax returns, to any state or territory of the   United States of America   or the   District of Columbia  . 

Article 22 -   Federal Excise Tax   (BRMA 17D) 

A.      The Reinsurer has agreed to allow for the purpose of paying the Federal Excise Tax the applicable percentage of the premium payable hereon (as imposed under Section 4371 of the Internal Revenue Code) to the extent such premium is subject to the Federal Excise Tax. 

B.      In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder the Reinsurer will deduct the applicable percentage from the return premium payable hereon and the Company or its agent should take steps to recover the tax from the United States Government. 

Article 23 -   Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 

A.      To the extent the Reinsurer is subject to the deduction and withholding of premium payable hereon as set forth in the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (Sections 1471-1474 of the Internal Revenue Code), the Reinsurer shall allow such deduction and withholding from the premium payable under this Contract.  

B.      In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder, the return premium shall be determined and paid in full without regard to any amounts deducted or withheld under paragraph A of this Article.  In the event the Company or its agent recovers such premium deductions and withholdings on the return premium from the United States Government, the Company or its agent shall reimburse the Reinsurer for such amounts. 

Article 24 -   Reserves 

A.        The Reinsurer agrees to fund its share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Company's ceded unearned premium and outstanding loss and the allowance for loss adjustment expense reserves (including all case reserves plus any reasonable amount estimated to be unreported from known loss occurrences) (hereinafter referred to as "Reinsure  r  's Obligations") by: 

1.         Clean, irrevocable and unconditional letters of credit issued and confirmed, if confirmation is required by the insurance regulatory authorities involved, by a bank or banks meeting the NAIC Securities Valuation Office credit standards for issuers of letters of credit and acceptable to said insurance regulatory authorities; and/or 

2.         Escrow accounts for the benefit of the Company; and/or 

3.         Cash advances; 

if the Reinsurer: 

1.         Is unauthorized in any state of the United States of America or the District of Columbia having jurisdiction over the Company and if, without such funding, a penalty would accrue to the Company on any financial statement it is required to file with the insurance regulatory authorities involved; or 

2.         Has an A.M. Best Company's rating equal to or below B++ at the inception of this Contract. 

The Reinsurer, at its sole option, may fund in other than cash if its method and form of funding are acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities involved. 

B.      With regard to funding in whole or in part by letters of credit, it is agreed that each letter of credit will be in a form acceptable to insurance regulatory authorities involved, will be issued for a term of at least one year and will include an "evergreen clause," which automatically extends the term for at least one additional year at each expiration date unless written notice of non-renewal is given to the Company not less than 30 days prior to said expiration date.  The Company and the Reinsurer further agree, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Contract, that said letters of credit may be drawn upon by the Company or its successors in interest at any time, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or the Reinsurer, but only for one or more of the following purposes: 

1.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of unearned premiums returned to insureds on account of policy cancellations, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

2.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of losses and/or the allowance for loss adjustment expense paid under the terms of policies reinsured hereunder, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

3.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of any other amounts claimed to be due hereunder, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

4.         To fund a cash account in an amount equal to the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Reinsurer's Obligations as set forth above, funded by means of a letter of credit which is under non-renewal notice, if said letter of credit has not been renewed or replaced by the Reinsurer 10 days prior to its expiration date; 

5.         To refund to the Reinsurer any sum in excess of the actual amount required to fund the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Reinsurer's Obligations as set forth above, if so requested by the Reinsurer. 

In the event the amount drawn by the Company on any letter of credit is in excess of the actual amount required for B(1), B(2) or B(4), or in the case of B(3), the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. 

Article 25 -   Insolvency 

A.      In the event of the insolvency of the Company, this reinsurance shall be payable directly to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor on the basis of the liability of the Company without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or because the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company has failed to pay all or a portion of any claim.  It is agreed, however, that the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the Company indicating the policy or bond reinsured which claim would involve a possible liability on the part of the Reinsurer within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the conservation or liquidation proceeding or in the receivership, and that during the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defense or defenses that it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor.  The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to the approval of the Court, against the Company as part of the expense of conservation or liquidation to the extent of a pro rata share of the benefit which may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer. 

B.      Where two or more   Subscribing Reinsurers   are involved in the same claim and a majority in interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be apportioned in accordance with the terms of this Contract as though such expense had been incurred by the Company. 

C.      It is further understood and agreed that, in the event of the insolvency of the Company, the reinsurance under this Contract shall be payable directly by the Reinsurer to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver or statutory successor, except as provided by Section 4118(a) of the New York Insurance Law or except (1) where this Contract specifically provides another payee of such reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the Company or (2) where the Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insured or insureds has assumed such policy obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such policies and in substitution for the obligations of the Company to such payees. 

Article 26 -   Arbitration 

A.      As a condition precedent to any right of action hereunder, in the event of any dispute or difference of opinion hereafter arising with respect to this Contract, it is hereby mutually agreed that such dispute or difference of opinion shall be submitted to arbitration.  One Arbiter shall be chosen by the Company, the other by the Reinsurer, and an Umpire shall be chosen by the two Arbiters before they enter upon arbitration, all of whom shall be active or retired disinterested executive officers of insurance or reinsurance companies or Lloyd's London Underwriters.  In the event that either party should fail to choose an Arbiter within 30 da  ys   following   a written request by the other party to do so, the requesting party may choo  se two Arbiters who shall in turn choose an Umpire before entering upon arbitration.  If the two Arbiters fail to agree upon the selection of an Umpire within 30 days following their appointment, each Arbiter shall nominate three candidates within 10 days thereafter, two of whom the other shall decline, and the decision shall be made by drawing lots. 

B.      Each party shall present its case to the Arbiters within 30 days following the date of appointment of the Umpire.  The Arbiters shall consider this Contract as an honorable engagement rather than merely as a legal obligation and they are relieved of all judicial formalities and may abstain from following the strict rules of law.  The decision of the Arbiters shall be final and binding on both parties; but failing to agree, they shall call in the Umpire and the decision of the majority shall be final and binding upon both parties.  Judgment upon the final decision of the Arbiters may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

C.      If more than one   Subscribing Reinsurer   is involved in the same dispute, all such   Subscribing   Reinsurers   shall, at the option of the Company, constitute and act as one party for purposes of this Article and communications shall be made by the Company to each of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   constituting one party, provided, however, that nothing herein shall impair the rights of such   Subscribing Reinsurers   to assert several, rather than joint, defenses or claims, nor be construed as changing the liability of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   participating under the terms of this Contract from several to joint. 

D.      Each party shall bear the expense of its own Arbiter, and shall jointly and equally bear with the other the expense of the Umpire and of the arbitration.  In the event that the two Arbiters are chosen by one party, as above provided, the expense of the Arbiters, the Umpire and the arbitration shall be equally divided between the two parties. 

E.      Any arbitration proceedings shall take place at a location mutually agreed upon by the parties to this Contract, but notwithstanding the location of the arbitration, all proceedings pursuant hereto shall be governed by the law of the state in which the Company has its principal office. 

Article 27 -   Service of Suit (BRMA 49C) 

(Applicable if the Reinsurer is not domiciled in the   United States of America  , and/or is not authorized in any State, Territory or District of the   United States   where authorization is required by insurance regulatory authorities) 

A.      It is agreed that in the event the Reinsurer fails to pay any amount claimed to be due hereunder, the Reinsurer, at the request of the Company, will submit to the jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction within the United States.  Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to constitute a waiver of the Reinsurer's rights to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove an action to a United States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another court as permitted by the laws of the United States or of any state in the United States. 

B.      Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the United States which makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer hereby designates the party named in its Interests and Liabilities Agreement, or if no party is named therein, the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or successors in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Contract. 

Article 28 -   Severability (BRMA 72E) 

If any provision of this Contract shall be rendered illegal or unenforceable by the laws, regulations or public policy of any state, such provision shall be considered void in such state, but this shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Contract or the enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Article 29 -   Governing Law (BRMA 71B) 

This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of   Florida  . 

Article 30 -   Confidentiality 

A.      The Reinsurer hereby acknowledges that the documents, information and data provided to it by the Company, whether directly or through an authorized agent, in connection with the placement and execution of this Contract, including all information obtained through any audits and any claims information between the Company and the Reinsurer, and any submission or other materials relating to any renewal (hereinafter referred to as "Confidential Information") are proprietary and confidential to the Company.   

B.      Except as provided for in paragraph C below, the Reinsurer shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third parties, including but not limited to the Reinsurer's subsidiaries and affiliates, other insurance companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates, underwriting agencies, research organizations, any unaffiliated entity engaged in modeling insurance or reinsurance data, and statistical rating organizations.   

C.      Confidential Information may be used by the Reinsurer only in connection with the performance of its obligations or enforcement of its rights under this Contract and will only be disclosed when required by (1) retrocessionaires subject to the business ceded to this Contract, (2) regulators performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records and/or financial condition, (3) external auditors performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records in the normal course of business, or (4) the Reinsurer's legal counsel; provided that the Reinsurer advises such parties of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and their obligation to maintain its confidentiality.  The Company may require that any third-party representatives of the Reinsurer agree, in writing, to be bound by this Confidentiality Article or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, containing terms no less stringent than those set forth in this Article.  If a third-party representative of the Reinsurer is not bound, in writing, by this Confidentiality Article or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, the Reinsurer shall be responsible for any breach of this provision by such third-party representative of the Reinsurer. 

D.      Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the Reinsurer is required by court order, other legal process or any regulatory authority to release or disclose any or all of the Confidential Information, the Reinsurer agrees to provide the Company with written notice of same at least 10 days prior to such release or disclosure, to the extent legally permissible, and to  

use its best efforts to assist the Company in maintaining the confidentiality provided for in this Article. 

E.      Any disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information shall comply with all state and federal statutes and regulations governing the disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information.  "Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information" shall be defined as this term or a similar term is defined in any applicable state, provincial, territory, or federal law.  Disclosing or using this information for any purpose not authorized by applicable law is expressly forbidden without the prior consent of the Company. 

F.      The parties agree that any information subject to privilege, including the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine (collectively "Privilege") shall not be disclosed to the Reinsurer until, in the Company's opinion, such Privilege is deemed to be waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.  Furthermore, the Reinsurer shall not assert that any Privilege otherwise applicable to the Confidential Information has been waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.   

G.      The provisions of this Article shall extend to the officers, directors and employees of the Reinsurer and its affiliates, and shall be binding upon their successors and assigns. 

Article 31 -   Non-Waiver 

The failure of the Company or Reinsurer to insist on compliance with this Contract or to exercise any right, remedy or option hereunder shall not:  (1) constitute a waiver of any rights contained in this Contract, (2) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from thereafter demanding full and complete compliance, (3) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from exercising such remedy in the future, nor (4)   affect the validity of this Contract or any part thereof. 

Article 32 -   Notices and Contract Execution 

A.      Whenever a notice, statement, report or any other written communication is required by this Contract, unless otherwise specified, such notice, statement, report or other written communication may be transmitted by certified or registered mail, nationally or internationally recognized express delivery service, personal delivery, electronic mail, or facsimile.  With the exception of notices of termination, first class mail is also acceptable. 

B.      The use of any of the following shall constitute a valid execution of this Contract or any amendments thereto: 

1.       Paper documents with an original ink signature; 

2.       Facsimile or electronic copies of paper documents showing an original ink signature; and/or 

3.       Electronic records with an electronic signature made via an electronic agent.  For the purposes of this Contract, the terms "electronic record," "electronic signature" and  

"electronic agent" shall have the meanings set forth in the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000 or any amendments thereto. 

C.      This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when duly executed, shall be deemed an original. 

Article 33 -   Intermediary 

Aon Benfield Inc., or one of its affiliated corporations duly licensed as a reinsurance intermediary, is hereby recognized as the Intermediary negotiating this Contract for all business hereunder.  All communications (including but not limited to notices, statements, premiums, return premiums, commissions, taxes, losses, loss adjustment expense, salvages and loss settlements) relating to this Contract will be transmitted to the Company or the Reinsurer through the Intermediary.  Payments by the Company to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Reinsurer.  Payments by the Reinsurer to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Company only to the extent that such payments are actually received by the Company. 

In Witness Whereof  , the Company by its duly authorized representative has executed this Contract as of the date specified below: 

This ________________ day of ____________________________ in the year ____________. 

Federated National Insurance Company 

/s/ Michael   H.   Braun              

*/s/ signed by all participating reinsurers 

War Exclusion Clause 

As regards interests which at time of loss or damage are on shore, no liability shall attach hereto in respect of any loss or damage which is occasioned by war, invasion, hostilities, acts of foreign enemies, civil war, rebellion, insurrection, military or usurped power, or martial law or confiscation by order of any government or public authority. 

Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance (U.S.A.) 

1.         This Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any Pool of Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or Nuclear Energy risks. 

2.         Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this Clause, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to: 

I.  

Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on the site, or  

II.  

Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor installations, and "critical facilities" as such, or  

III.  

Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for processing substantial quantities of "special nuclear material," and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing or disposing of "spent" nuclear fuel or waste materials, or  

IV.  

Installations other than those listed in paragraph (2) III above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or other products of nuclear fission.  

3.         Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and (2) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which normally would be insured therewith except that this paragraph (3) shall not operate 

(a)        where Reassured does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor power plant or nuclear installation, or 

(b)        where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive contamination, however caused.  However on and after 1st January 1960 this sub-paragraph (b) shall only apply provided the said radioactive contamination exclusion provision has been approved by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 

4.         Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a named hazard specifically insured against. 

5.         It is understood and agreed that this Clause shall not extend to risks using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not considered by the Reassured to be the primary hazard. 

6.         The term "special nuclear material" shall have the meaning given it in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof. 

7.         Reassured to be sole judge of what constitutes: 

(a)        substantial quantities, and 

(b)        the extent of installation, plant or site. 

Note  .-Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof, it is understood and agreed that 

(a)        all policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1957 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 

(b)        with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 

12/12/57 

N.M.A. 1119 

BRMA 35B 

Terrorism Exclusion 

(Property Treaty Reinsurance) 

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within this Contract or any amendment thereto, it is agreed that this Contract excludes loss, damage, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with any act of terrorism, as defined herein, regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss. 

An act of terrorism includes any act, or preparation in respect of action, or threat of action designed to influence the government   de jure   or   de facto   of any nation or any political division thereof, or in pursuit of political, religious, ideological or similar purposes to intimidate the public or a section of the public of any nation by any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organization(s) or government(s)   de jure   or   de facto  , and which: 

1.       Involves violence against one or more persons, or 

2.       Involves damage to property; or 

3.       Endangers life other than the person committing the action; or 

4.       Creates a risk to health or safety of the public or a section of the public; or 

5.       Is designed to interfere with or disrupt an electronic system. 

This Contract also excludes loss, damage, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with any action in controlling, preventing, suppressing, retaliating against or responding to any act of terrorism. 

Notwithstanding the above and subject otherwise to the terms, conditions, and limitations of this Contract, in respect only of personal lines, this Contract will pay actual loss or damage (but not related cost and expense) caused by any act of terrorism provided such act is not directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with radiological, biological, chemical, or nuclear pollution or contamination. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 c996-20160930xex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

Exhibit 102 Multi-Year Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract Effective 070116 - Federated National Ins

Multi-Year Excess Catastrophe 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

_______________________ 

*****  Portions of this document omitted pursuant to an application for an order for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. Confidential portions of this document have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

First Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Everest Reinsurance Company  

*%  

Hamilton Re, Ltd.  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters Per Signing Page(s)**  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

Second Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

American Standard Insurance Company of Wisconsin  

*%  

Arch Reinsurance Ltd.  

*%  

Ariel Re Bda Limited     for and on behalf of Ariel Syndicate No. 1910  

*%  

Chubb Tempest Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

DaVinci Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Everest Reinsurance Company  

*%  

Fidelis Insurance Bermuda Limited  

*%  

Hamilton Re, Ltd.  

*%  

Hiscox Insurance Company (Bermuda) Limited  

*%  

Partner Reinsurance Company Ltd.  

*%  

Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

XL Bermuda Ltd  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited     for and on behalf of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters Per Signing Page(s)* *  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

*  *  Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Third Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Allied World Assurance Company, Ltd  

*%  

American Standard Insurance Company of Wisconsin  

*%  

Ariel Re Bda Limited     for and on behalf of Ariel Syndicate No. 1910  

*%  

Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Fidelis Insurance Bermuda Limited  

*%  

Odyssey Reinsurance Company  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited     for and on behalf of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters Per Signing Page(s)**  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

Fourth Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Allied World Assurance Company, Ltd  

*%  

American Standard Insurance Company of Wisconsin  

*%  

Fidelis Insurance Bermuda Limited  

*%  

Odyssey Reinsurance Company  

*%  

Qatar Reinsurance Company Limited  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited     for and on behalf of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited      for and on behalf of Taiping Reinsurance Co. Ltd.* *  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters Per Signing Page(s)* *  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

*  *  Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Table of Contents 

Multi-Year   Excess Catastrophe 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective: July 1, 2016 

entered into by and between  

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Company") 

and 

The Subscribing Reinsurer(s) Executing the 

Interests and Liabilities Agreement(s) 

Attached Hereto 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Reinsurer"  ) 

Article 1 -   Classes of Business Reinsured 

By this Contract the Reinsurer agrees to reinsure the excess liability which may accrue to the Company under its policies in force at the effective time and date hereof or issued or renewed at or after that time and date, and classified by the Company as Property business, including but not limited to, Dwelling Fire, Inland Marine, Mobile Home, Commercial and Homeowners business (including any business assumed from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation), subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein and in Schedule A attached hereto. 

Article 2 -   Commencement and Termination 

A.        This Contract shall become   effective   at 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016  , with respect to losses arising out of loss occurrences commencing   at   or after that   time and   date,   and shall remain in force until 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July   1,   2018  . 

B.        Notwithstanding the provisions of   paragraph   A above, the Company may terminate a   Subscribing   Reinsurer  '  s percentage share in this Contract at any time by giving written notice to the Subscribing Reinsurer in the event any of the following circumstances occur: 

1  .         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer's accounting system)   at the inception of any contract year has   been   reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) 12 months prior to that date; or 

2.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer's accounting system)   at any time during any contract year has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable   equivalent  ) at the date of the Subscribing Reinsurer's most recent financial statement  

filed with regulatory authorities and available to the public as of the inception of any contract year; or 

3.         The   Subscribing   Reinsurer  '  s A.M. Best  '  s rating has been assigned or downgra  ded belo  w   A- and/or Standard     Poor  '  s rating has been assigned or downgraded below BBB+; or 

4.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become, or has announced its intention to become, merged with, acquired by or controlled by any other entity or individual(s) not controlling the Subscribing Reinsurer's operations previously;   or 

5.         A State Insurance Department or other legal authority has ordered the Subscribing Reinsurer to cease writing business; or 

6.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become insolvent or has been placed into   liquidation, receivership, supervision, administration, winding-up or under a scheme of arrangement, or similar proceedings (whether voluntary or involuntary) or proceedings   have been instituted against the Subscribing Reinsurer for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, supervisor, administrator,   conservator or trustee in bankruptcy, or other agent known by whatever name, to take possession of its assets or control of its operations; or 

7.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has reinsured its entire liability under this Contract without the Company's prior written consent; or 

8.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has ceased assuming new or renewal property or casualty   treaty   reinsurance business; or 

9.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has hired an unaffiliated runoff claims manager that is compensated on a contingent basis or is otherwise provided with financial incentives based on the quantum of claims paid; or 

10.     The Subscribing Reinsurer has failed to comply with the funding requirements set forth in the   Reserves   Article. 

C.        "  Contract year  " as used in this Contract   shall mean the period from   12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016   to   12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2017, and each respective 12-month period thereafter that this Contract continues in force.    However,   in the event this Contract or   a Subscribing Reinsurer  '  s share   in this Contract   is terminated,   the final contract year     as respects the   terminated share(s)   shall     be   the period from   the beginning of the then   current   contract year     to the effective time and date of termination. 

D  .        In the event a loss occurrence covered hereunder is in progress at the end of any contract   year  , the entire loss arising out of the loss occurrence will be charged to the contract year in which the loss occurrence commenced, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Contract. 

E  .        Should this Contract expire or terminate while a loss occurrence covered hereunder is in progress, all losses arising from such loss occurrence will be deemed to have been incurred prior to the expiration or termination of this Contract, subject to the other conditions  

of this Contract, and provided that no part of said loss occurrence is claimed against any renewal or replacement of this Contract. 

Article 3 -   Territory 

The territorial limits of this Contract shall be identical with those of the Company's policies. 

Article 4 -   Exclusions 

A.        This Contract does not apply to and specifically excludes the following: 

1.         Reinsurance assumed by the Company under obligatory reinsurance agreements, except     business assumed by the Company from Citizens Property Insurance   Corporation  . 

2.         Hail   damage   to growing or standing crops. 

3.         Business rated, coded or classified as Flood insurance or which should have been rated, coded or classified as such. 

4.         Business rated, coded or classified as Mortgage Impairment and Difference in   Conditions   insurance or which should have been rated, coded or classified as such. 

5.         Title   insurance   and all forms of Financial Guarantee, Credit and Insolvency. 

6.         Aviation, Ocean Marine, Boiler and Machinery, Fidelity and Surety, Accident and Health,   Animal   Mortality and Workers Compensation and Employers Liability. 

7.         Errors and Omissions, Malpractice and any other type of Professional Liability insurance.  

8.         Loss and/or damage and/or costs and/or expenses arising from seepage and/or pollution   and  /or contamination, other than contamination from smoke.  Nevertheless, this exclusion does not preclude payment of the cost of removing debris of property damaged by a loss otherwise covered hereunder, subject always to a limit of 25.0% of the Company's property loss under the applicable original policy. 

9.         Loss or liability as excluded under the provisions of the "War Exclusion Clause" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

10.     Nuclear risks as defined in the "Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical   Damage   - Reinsurance (U.S.A.)" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

11.     Loss or liability excluded   by the   Pools, Associations   and Syndicates Exclusion Clause (Catastrophe)   attached to and forming part of this Contrac  t    and any assessment or similar demand for payment related to the FHCF or Citizens Property Insurance   Corporation  . 

12.     Loss or   liability   of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or otherwise, from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or involuntary, in any insolvency fund.  "Insolvency fund" includes any guaranty fund, insolvency fund, plan, pool, association, fund or other arrangement, however denominated, established or governed, which provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company of part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation of an insurer, or its successors or assigns, which has been declared by any competent authority to be insolvent, or which is otherwise deemed unable to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation in whole or in part. 

13.     Losses in the respect of overhead transmission and distribution lines other than those on or   within   150 meters (or 500 feet) of the insured premises. 

14.     Mold, unless resulting from a peril otherwise covered under the policy involved. 

15.     Loss   or liability as excluded under the provisions of the "Terrorism Exclusion" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

16.     All   property   loss, damage, destruction, erasure, corruption or alteration of Electronic Data from any cause whatsoever (including, but not limited to, Computer Virus) or loss of use, reduction in functionality, cost, expense or whatsoever nature resulting therefrom, unless resulting from a peril otherwise covered under the policy involved. 

"Electronic Data" as used herein means facts, concepts and information converted to a form usable for communications, interpretation or processing by electronic and electromechanical data processing or electronically-controlled equipment and includes programs, software and other coded instructions for the processing and manipulation of data or the direction and manipulation of such equipment.  

"Computer Virus" as used herein means a set of corrupting, harmful or otherwise unauthorized instructions or code, including a set of maliciously-introduced, unauthorized instructions or code, that propagate themselves through a computer system network of whatsoever nature. 

However, in the event that a peril otherwise covered under the policy results from any of the matters described above, this Contract, subject to all other terms and conditions, will cover physical damage directly caused by such listed peril. 

Article 5 -   Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund 

The Company has purchased 75.0% of the FHCF mandatory layer of coverage and   shall be deemed to inure to the benefit of this Contract.  Further, any FHCF loss reimbursement shall be deemed to be paid to the Company in accordance with the FHCF reimbursement contract at the full payout level set forth therein and will be deemed not to be reduced by any reduction or exhaustion of the FHCF  '  s claims-paying capacity as respects the mandatory FHCF coverage. 

Article 6 -   Other Reinsurance 

A.        The Company shall be permitted to carry   other reinsurance  , recoveries under which shall inure solely to the benefit of the Company and be entirely disregarded in applying all of the provisions of this Contract. 

B.        The Company will deem in place a   FHCF Supplement Layer Reinsurance Contract  , which   shall   be deemed to be placed at 15.0% for each contract year, recoveries of which   shall be deemed to inure to the benefit of this Contract  .                                                                 

Article 7 -   Retention and Limit 

A.        As respects the first contract year, the Company shall retain and be liable for the first $20,500,000 of ultimate net loss arising out of each loss occurrence.   

B.        As respects the second contract year, the Company   shall   retain and be liable for the amount of ultimate net loss arising out of each loss occurrence, calculated as follows: 

***** 

C.        The Reinsurer shall then be liable, as respects each excess layer, for the amount by which such ultimate net loss exceeds the Company's applicable retention, but the liability of the Reinsurer under each excess layer shall not exceed the amount, shown as "Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, as respects any one loss occurrence. 

Whether a loss occurrence results in an ultimate net loss under one or more of the excess layers set forth in Schedule A attached hereto, the Company's retention will not exceed an amount equal to the applicable retention as set forth above, for the applicable contract year, of ultimate net loss arising out of such loss occurrence. 

D.        As respects each contract year, recoveries shall always be made, in the first instance, under the lowest excess layer that is not entirely exhausted.  If there is any amount of ultimate net loss arising out of a loss occurrence in excess of the Company's retention under the lowest excess layer that has not been recovered thereunder for that contract year, such amount shall be recovered under the next or subsequent excess layer or layers, as appropriate.  Recoveries under each excess layer set forth in Schedule A attached to and forming part of this Contract shall inure as follows (with such excess layers deemed placed at 100% prior to inuring): 

1.         100% recoveries under the First Excess layer shall inure to the benefit of the Second   Excess   layer;  

2.         100% recoveries under the First and Second Excess layers shall inure to the benefit of the Third Excess layer; and 

3.         100% recoveries under the First, Second and Third Excess layers shall inure to the   benefit   of the Fourth Excess layer. 

It is understood, however, that any fully exhausted excess layer or the exhausted portion of any excess layer during a contract year shall no longer inure to the benefit of any subsequent excess layer(s) for such contract year. 

E.        Notwithstanding the provisions above, no claim shall be made hereunder as respects losses arising out of loss occurrences commencing during the term of this Contract unless at least two risks insured or reinsured by the Company are involved in such loss occurrence.  For purposes hereof, the Company shall be the sole judge of what constitutes "one risk." 

Article 8 -   Reinstatement 

A.        In the event all or any portion of the reinsurance under any excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract is exhausted by ultimate net loss, the amount so exhausted shall be reinstated immediately from the time the loss occurrence commences hereon.  For each amount so reinstated the Company agrees to pay additional premium equal to the product of the following: 

1.         The   percentage   of the occurrence limit for the excess layer reinstated (based on the   ultimate net loss   paid by the Reinsurer under that excess layer); times 

2.         The earned reinsurance premium for the excess layer reinstated for the contract year (exclusive of reinstatement premium). 

B.        Whenever the Company requests payment by the Reinsurer of any   ultimate net loss   under any excess layer hereunder, the Company shall submit a statement to the Reinsurer of reinstatement premium due the Reinsurer for that excess layer.  If the earned reinsurance premium for any excess layer for the contract year has not been finally determined as of the date of any such statement, the calculation of reinstatement premium due for that excess layer shall be based on the applicable contract year deposit premium for that excess layer, and shall be readjusted when the final adjusted reinsurance premium for that excess layer for the contract year has been finally determined.  Any reinstatement premium shown to be due the Reinsurer for any excess layer as reflected by any such statement (less prior payments, if any, for that excess layer) shall be payable by the Company concurrently with payment by the Reinsurer of the requested   ultimate net loss   for that excess layer.  Any return reinstatement premium shown to be due the Company shall be remitted by the Reinsurer as promptly as possible after receipt and verification of the Company's statement. 

C.        Notwithstanding anything stated herein, the liability of the Reinsurer     for ultimate net loss   under any excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract shall not exceed either of the following: 

1.         T  he amount, shown as   "  Reinsurer  '  s Per Occurrence Limit  "   for that excess layer in   Schedule     A attached hereto, as respects loss or losses arising out of any one loss occurrence; or 

2.         T  he amount, shown as   "  Reinsurer  '  s    Contract Year   Limit  "   for that excess layer in   Schedule     A attached hereto, in all during   any one contract year  . 

Article 9 -   Definition  s 

A.        "Loss a  djustment   e  xpense,  "   regardless of how such expenses are classified for statutory reporting purposes, as used   in this Contract   shall mean all costs and expenses allocable to a   specific   claim that are incurred by the Company in the investigation, appraisal, adjustment, settlement, litigation, defense or appeal of a specific claim, including court costs and costs of supersedeas and appeal bonds, and including   a)   pre-judgment interest, unless included as part of the award or judgment;   b)   post-judgment interest;   c)   legal expenses and costs incurred in connection with coverage questions and legal actions connected thereto, including Declaratory Judgment Expense;   and d) expenses and   a pro rata share of salaries of the Company field employees, and expenses of other Company employees who have been temporarily diverted from their normal and customary duties and assigned to the field adjustment of losses covered by this Contract  . 

Loss   a  djustment   e  xpense as defined above does   not include unallocated loss a  djustment expense  .    Unallocated loss adjustment expense includes, but is not limited to, salaries and expenses of employees, other than in   (d)   above, and office and other overhead expenses. 

B.        "Loss in excess of policy limits" and "extra contractual obligations" as   used   in this Contract   shall mean  : 

1.         "  Loss in excess of policy limits  "   shall mean   90.0%   of any amount paid or payable by the Company in excess of its policy limits, but otherwise within the terms of its policy, such loss in excess of the Company  '  s policy limits having been incurred because of, but not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the policy limits or by reason of the Company  '  s alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of an action against its   insured   or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such an action.        A  ny loss in excess of policy limits that is made in connection with this Contract shall not exceed 25.0% of the actual catastrophe loss. 

2.         "  Extra cont  ractual obligations" shall mean 90.0% of   any punitive, exemplary, compensatory or consequential damages paid or payable by the Company, not covered by any other provision of this Contract and which arise from the handling of any   claim   on business subject to this Contract, such liabilities arising because of, but not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the policy limits or by reason of the Company  '  s alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of th  e defense or in the trial of an   action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such an action.  An extra contractual obligation shall be deemed, in all circumstances, to have occurred on the same date as the loss covered or alleged to be covered under the policy.        A  ny extra contractual obligations that are made in connection with this Contract shall not exceed 25.0% of the actual catastrophe loss. 

Notwithstanding anything stated herein, this Contract shall not apply to any loss in excess of policy limits or any extra contractual obligation incurred by the Company as a result of any fraudulent and/or criminal act by any officer or director of the Company acting   individually   or collectively or in collusion with any individual or corporation or any other  

organization or party involved in the presentation, defense or settlement of any claim covered hereunder. 

C.        "Policies" as used in this Contract shall mean all policies, contracts and binders of insurance or reinsurance. 

D  .        "Ultimate net loss" as   used   in this Contract   shall mean   the sum or sums (including loss in excess of policy limits, extra contractual obligations and   loss adjustment expense,   as defined herein) paid or payable by the Company in settlement of claims and in satisfaction of judgments rendered on account of such claims, after deduction of all salvage, all recoveries and all claims on inuring insurance or reinsurance, whether collectible or not.  Nothing herein shall be construed to mean that losses under this Contract are not recoverable until the Company's ultimate net loss has been ascertained. 

Article 10 -   Loss Occurrence 

A.        The term "loss occurrence" shall mean the sum of all individual losses directly occasioned by any one disaster, accident or loss or series of disasters, accidents or losses arising out of one event which occurs within the area of one state of the United States or province of Canada and states or provinces contiguous thereto and to one another.  However, the duration and extent of any one "loss occurrence" shall be limited to all individual losses sustained by the Company occurring during any period of 168 consecutive hours arising out of and directly occasioned by the same event, except that the term "loss occurrence" shall be further defined as follows: 

***** 

2.         As regards storm or stor  m systems that are not a named s  torm, including, by way of example and not limitation, ensuing wind, gusts, typhoon, tropical storm, hail, rain, tornados, cyclones, ensuing flood, storm surge, fire following, sprinkler leakage, riots, vandalism, collapse and water damage, all individual losses sustained by the Company occurring during any period of 1  44   consecutive hours arising out of, caused by,   occurring   during, occasioned by or resulting from the same event.  However, the event need not be limited to one state or province or states or provinces contiguous thereto. 

3.         As regards riot, riot attending a strike, civil commotion, vandalism and malicious mischief, all individual losses sustained by the Company occurring during any period of 96 consecutive hours within the area of one municipality or county and the   municipalities   or counties contiguous thereto arising out of and directly occasioned by the same event.  The maximum duration of 96 consecutive hours may be extended in respect of individual losses which occur beyond such 96 consecutive hours during the continued occupation of an assured's premises by strikers, provided such occupation commenced during the aforesaid period. 

4.         As regards earthquake (the epicenter of which need not necessarily be within the territorial confines referred to in paragraph A of this Article) and fire following directly occasioned by the earthquake, only those individual fire losses which commence  

during the period of 168 consecutive hours may be included in the Company's loss   occurrence  . 

5.         As   regards   freeze, only individual losses directly occasioned by collapse, breakage of glass and water damage (caused by bursting frozen pipes and tanks) may be included in the Company's loss occurrence. 

6.         As regards firestorms, brush fires and any other fires or series of fires, irrespective of origin (except as provided in sub  paragraphs 3 and 4   above), all individual losses sustained by the Company which   commence   during any period of 168     consecutive hours within the area of one state of the United States or province of Canada and states or provinces contiguous thereto and to one another may be included in the Company  '  s loss occurrence. 

B.        For all loss occurrences hereunder, the Company may choose the date and time when any such period of consecutive hours commences, provided that no period commences earlier than the date and time of the occurrence of the first recorded individual loss sustained by the Company arising out of that disaster, accident, or loss or series of disasters, accidents, or losses.  Furthermore: 

1.         For all loss occurrences other than those referred to in subparagraphs A.1., A.2., and A.3. above, only one such period of 168 consecutive hours shall apply with respect to   one   event. 

2.         As regards those loss occurrences referred to in subparagraphs A.1. and A.2., only one such period of consecutive hours (as set forth therein) shall apply with respect to one event, regardless of the duration of the event.   

3.         As regards those loss occurrences referred to in subparagraph A.3. above, if the disaster, accident, or loss or series of disasters, accidents, or losses occasioned by the   event   is of greater duration than 96 consecutive hours, then the Company may divide that disaster, accident, or loss or series of disasters, accidents, or losses into two or more loss occurrences, provided that no two periods overlap and no individual loss is included in more than one such period. 

C.        It is understood that losses arising from a combination of two or more perils as a result of the same event may be considered as having arisen from one loss occurrence.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the hourly limitations as stated above shall not be exceeded as respects the applicable perils, and no single loss occurrence shall encompass a time period greater than 168 consecutive hours, except as regards those loss occurrences referred to in subparagraphs A.1., A.4. and A.6. above. 

Article 11 -   Loss Notices and Settlements 

A.        Whenever losses sustained by the Company are reserved by the Company for an amount greater than 50.0% of the Company's retention under any excess layer hereunder and/or appear likely to result in a claim under such excess layer, the Company shall notify the Subscribing Reinsurers under that excess layer and shall provide updates related to  

development of such losses.  The Reinsurer shall have the right to participate in the adjustment of such losses at its own expense. 

B.        All loss settlements made by the Company, provided they are within the terms of this Contract and the terms of the original policy (with the exception of loss in excess of policy limits or extra contractual obligations coverage, if any, under this Contract), shall be binding upon the Reinsurer, and the Reinsurer agrees to pay all amounts for which it may be liable upon receipt of reasonable evidence of the amount paid by the Company. 

Article 12 -   Cash Call 

Notwithstanding the provisions of the   Loss Notices and S  ettlements Article, upon the request of the Company, the Reinsurer shall pay any amount with regard to a loss settlement or settlements that are scheduled to be made (including any payments projected   to be made) within the next 20   days by the Company, subject to receipt by the Reinsurer of a satisfactory proof of loss.  Such agreed   payment shall be made within 10   days from the date the demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

Article 13 -   Salvage and Subrogation 

The Reinsurer shall be credited with salvage (i.e., reimbursement obtained or recovery made by the Company, less the actual cost, excluding salaries of officials and employees of the Company and sums paid to attorneys as retainer, of obtaining such reimbursement or making such recovery) on account of claims and settlements involving reinsurance hereunder.  Salvage thereon shall always be used to reimburse the excess carriers in the reverse order of their priority according to their participation before being used in any way to reimburse the Company for its primary loss.  The Company hereby agrees to enforce its rights to salvage or subrogation relating to any loss, a part of which loss was sustained by the Reinsurer, and to prosecute all claims arising out of such rights, if, in the Company's opinion, it is economically reasonable to do so. 

Article 14 -   Reinsurance Premium 

A.        As respects the first contract year, the Company shall pay the Reinsurer an annual deposit premium for each excess layer of the amount, shown as "First Contract Year Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, in four equal installments of the amount, shown as "First Contract Year Deposit Premium Installment" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, on July 1, October 1, January 1 and April 1 of that contract year.  However, in the event this Contract is terminated, there shall be no deposit premium installments due after the effective date of termination. 

B.        As respects the first contract year, as premium for each excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract, the Company shall pay the Reinsurer a premium equal to the product of the following (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the first contract year is less than 12 months), subject to an annual minimum premium of the amount, shown as "First Contract Year Minimum Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached  

hereto (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the first contract year is less than 12 months): 

1.         The amount, shown as "First Contract Year Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in   Schedule   A attached hereto; times  

2.         The percentage calculated by dividing (a) the actual Average Annual Loss ("AAL")   determined   by the Company's wind insurance in force on September 30, 2016, by (b) the original AAL of the amount, shown as "AAL" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto. 

C.        The Company's AAL shall be derived by averaging the applicable data produced by Applied Insurance Research (AIR) Touchstone v3.1   catastrophe modeling software, in the long term perspective, including demand surge  , but excluding storm surge, and Risk Management Solutions (RMS) RiskLink v15   catastrophe modeling software, in the long-term perspective, including loss amplification  , but excluding storm surge.    It is understood that the calculation of the actual AAL shall be based on the amount, shown as "Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, net of (1) the FHCF mandatory layer of coverage purchased by the Company for the   first   contract year, and of (2) the   Company's FHCF Supplement Layer Reinsurance Contract,     which shall be deemed to be placed at 15.0%  . 

D.        However, if the difference between the amount, shown as "  First Contract Year   Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, and the   premium   calculated in accordance   with paragraph B     above   for the excess layer is less than a 10.0% increase or decrease, the premium due the Reinsurer will equal the amount, shown as "  First Contract Year   Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto. 

E.        As respects the second contract year, the Company shall pay the Reinsurer an annual deposit premium for each excess layer, as calculated below ("Second Contract Year Deposit Premium"), in four equal installments on July 1, October 1, January 1 and April 1 of that contract year.  However, in the event this Contract is terminated, there shall be no deposit premium installments due after the effective date of termination. 

***** 

F.        As respects the second contract year, as premium for each excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract, the Company shall pay the Reinsurer a premium equal to the product of the following (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the final contract year is less than 12 months), subject to an annual minimum premium of the amount equal to 80.0% of the   Second Contract Year Deposit Premium   for each excess layer (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the final contract year is less than 12 months): 

*****   

"Actual Loss on Line" shall mean the Company's AAL   determined by the Company's   actual   wind insurance in force on September 30, 2017  , divided by the   Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit     for that excess layer  . 

H.        As respects paragraphs E and G above, it   is understood that the calculation of the actual AAL shall be based on the amount, shown as "Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, net of (1) the     FHCF   75%   mandatory layer of coverage purchased by the Company for the applicable contract year, and o  f (2) the applicable renewal of the   Company's FHCF Supplement Layer Reinsurance Contract  ,   which shall be deemed to be placed at 15.0%  . 

I.        However, if the difference between the amount, shown as "  Second Contract Year Deposit Premium  " for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, and the premium calculated in accordance   with paragraph F above   for the excess layer is less than a 10.0% increase or decrease, the premium due the Reinsurer will equal the "  Second Contract Year Deposit Premium   " for that excess layer. 

J  .        On or before June 30 of each contract year  , the Company shall provide a report to the   Reinsurer   setting forth the premium due hereunder for each excess layer   for the contract year  , computed   in accordance with paragraphs A and F above, and any additional premium due the Reinsurer or return premium due the Company for each such excess layer shall be remitted promptly. 

Article 15 -   Sanctions 

Neither the Company nor any Subscribing Reinsurer shall be liable for premium or loss under this Contract if it would result in a violation of any mandatory sanction, prohibition or restriction under United Nations resolutions or the trade or economic sanctions, laws or regulations of the European Union, United Kingdom or United States of America that are applicable to either party. 

Article 16 -   Late Payments 

A.        The provisions of this Article shall not be implemented unless specifically invoked, in writing, by one of the parties to this Contract. 

B.        In the event any premium, loss or other payment due either party is not received by the intermediary named in the Intermediary Article (hereinafter referred to as the "Intermediary") by the payment due date, the party to whom payment is due may, by notifying the Intermediary in writing, require the debtor party to pay, and the debtor party agrees to pay, an interest charge on the amount past due calculated for each such payment on the last business day of each month as follows: 

1.         The number of full days which have expired since the due date or the last monthly   calculation  , whichever the lesser; times 

2.         1/365ths of the   six-month United States Treasury Bill rate     as quoted in   The Wall Street Journal   on the first business day of the month for which the calculation is made; times 

3.         The   amount   past due, including accrued interest. 

It is agreed that interest shall accumulate until payment of the original amount due plus interest charges have been received by the Intermediary. 

C.        The establishment of the due date shall, for purposes of this Article, be determined as follows: 

1.         As respects the payment of routine deposits and premiums due the Reinsurer, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 30 days after the date of transmittal by the Intermediary of the initial billing for each such   payment  . 

2.         Any claim or loss payment due the Company hereunder shall be deemed due 10 days after the proof of loss or demand for payment is transmitted to the Reinsurer.  If such loss or claim payment is not received within the 10 days, interest will accrue on the payment or amount overdue in accordance with paragraph B above, from the date the   proof   of loss or demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

3.         As respects any payment, adjustment or return due either party not otherwise provided for in subparagraphs 1 and 2 of this paragraph C, the due date shall be as   provided   for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 10 days following transmittal of written notification that the provisions of this Article have been invoked. 

For purposes of interest calculations only, amounts due hereunder shall be deemed paid upon receipt by the Intermediary. 

D.        Nothing herein shall be construed as limiting or prohibiting a Subscribing Reinsurer from contesting the validity of any claim, or from participating in the defense of any claim or suit, or prohibiting either party from contesting the validity of any payment or from initiating any arbitration or other proceeding in accordance with the provisions of this Contract.  If the debtor party prevails in an arbitration or other proceeding, then any interest charges due hereunder on the amount in dispute shall be null and void.  If the debtor party loses in such proceeding, then the interest charge on the amount determined to be due hereunder shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth above unless otherwise determined by such proceedings.  If a debtor party advances payment of any amount it is contesting, and proves to be correct in its contestation, either in whole or in part, the other party shall reimburse the debtor party for any such excess payment made plus interest on the excess amount calculated in accordance with this Article. 

E.        Interest charges arising out of the application of this Article that are $1,000 or less from any party shall be waived unless there is a pattern of late payments consisting of three or more items over the course of any 12-month period. 

Article 17 -   Offset 

The Company and the Reinsurer may offset any balance or amount due from one party to the other under this Contract or any other contract heretofore or hereafter entered into between the Company and the Reinsurer, whether acting as assuming reinsurer or ceding company.  The provisions of this Article shall not be affected by the insolvency of either party. 

Article 18 -   Access to Records 

The Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall have access at any reasonable time to all records of the Company which pertain in any way to this reinsurance, provided the Reinsurer gives the Company at least 15 days prior notice of request for such access.  However, a Subscribing   Reinsurer   or its designated representatives   shall not have any right of access to the   records of the Company   if it is not current in all und  isputed payments due the Company.  "Undisputed" as used herein shall mean any amount that the Subscribing Reinsurer has not contested in writing to the Company specifying the reason(s) why the payments are disputed.   

Article 19 -   Liability of the Reinsurer 

A.        The liability of the Reinsurer shall follow that of the Company in every case and be subject in all respects to all the general and specific stipulations, clauses, waivers and modifications of the Company's policies and any endorsements thereon.  However, in no event shall this be construed in any way to provide coverage outside the terms and conditions set forth in this Contract. 

B.        Nothing herein shall in any manner create any obligations or establish any rights against the Reinsurer in favor of any third party or any persons not parties to this Contract. 

Article 20 -   Net Retained Lines (BRMA 32E) 

A.        This Contract applies only to that portion of any policy which the Company retains net for its own account (prior to deduction of any underlying reinsurance specifically permitted in this Contract), and in calculating the amount of any loss hereunder and also in computing the amount or amounts in excess of which this Contract attaches, only loss or losses in respect of that portion of any policy which the Company retains net for its own account shall be included. 

B.        The amount of the Reinsurer  '  s liability hereunder in respect of any loss or losses shall not be increased by reason of the inability of the Company to collect from any other reinsurer(s), whether specific or general, any amounts which may have become due from such reinsurer(s), whether such inability arises from the insolvency of such other reinsurer(s) or otherwise. 

Article 21 -   Errors and Omissions (BRMA 14F) 

Inadvertent delays, errors or omissions made in connection with this Contract or any transaction hereunder shall not relieve either party from any liability which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not occurred, provided always that such error or omission is rectified as soon as possible after discovery. 

Article 22 -   Currency (BRMA 12A) 

A.        Whenever the word "Dollars" or the "$" sign appears in this Contract, they shall be construed to mean United States Dollars and all transactions under this Contract shall be in United States Dollars. 

B.        Amounts paid or received by the Company in any other currency shall be converted to United States Dollars at the rate of exchange at the date such transaction is entered on the books of the Company. 

Article 23 -   Taxes (BRMA 50B) 

In consideration of the terms under which this Contract is issued, the Company will not claim a deduction in respect of the premium hereon when making tax returns, other than income or profits tax returns, to any state or territory of the United States of America or the District of Columbia. 

Article 24 -   Federal Excise Tax   (BRMA 17D) 

A.        The Reinsurer has agreed to allow for the purpose of paying the Federal Excise Tax the applicable percentage of the premium payable hereon (as imposed under Section 4371 of the Internal Revenue Code) to the extent such premium is subject to the Federal Excise Tax. 

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder the Reinsurer will deduct the applicable percentage from the return premium payable hereon and the Company or its agent should take steps to recover the tax from the United States Government. 

Article 25 -   Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 

A.        To the extent the Reinsurer is subject to the deduction and withholding of premium payable hereon as set forth in the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (Sections 1471-1474 of the Internal Revenue Code), the Reinsurer shall allow such deduction and withholding from the premium payable under this Contract.  

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder, the return premium shall be determined and paid in full without regard to any amounts deducted or withheld under paragraph A of this Article.  In the event the Company or its agent recovers such premium deductions and withholdings on the return premium from the United States Government, the Company or its agent shall reimburse the Reinsurer for such amounts. 

Article 26 -   Reserves 

A.        The Reinsurer agrees to fund its share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Company's ceded unearned premium and outstanding loss and loss adjustment expense reserves (including all case reserves plus any reasonable amount estimated to be  

unreported from known loss occurrences) (  hereinafter referred to as   "  Reinsure  r  '  s Obligations  ") by: 

1.         Clean, irrevocable and unconditional letters of credit issued and confirmed, if confirmation is required by the insurance regulatory authorities involved, by a bank or banks meeting the NAIC Securities Valuation Office credit standards for issuers of   letters   of credit and acceptable to said insurance regulatory authorities; and/or 

2.         Escrow   accounts for the benefit of the Company; and/or 

3.         Cash   advances; 

if the Reinsurer: 

1  .         Is unauthorized in any state of the United States of America or the District of Columbia   having   jurisdiction over the Company and if, without such funding, a penalty would accrue to the Company on any financial statement it is required to file with the insurance regulatory authorities involved; or 

2.         Has   an   A.M. Best Company's rating equal to or below B++ at the inception of this Contract. 

The Reinsurer, at its sole option, may fund in other than cash if its method and form of funding are acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities involved. 

B.        With regard to funding in whole or in part by letters of credit, it is agreed that each letter of credit will be in a form acceptable to insurance regulatory authorities involved, will be issued for a term of at least one year and will include an "evergreen clause," which automatically extends the term for at least one additional year at each expiration date unless written notice of non-renewal is given to the Company not less than 30 days prior to said expiration date.  The Company and the Reinsurer further agree, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Contract, that said letters of credit may be drawn upon by the Company or its successors in interest at any time, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or the Reinsurer, but only for one or more of the following purposes: 

1.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer  '  s share of unearned premiums returned to insureds on account of policy cancellations, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

2.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of losses and/or loss adjustment expense paid under the terms of policies reinsured hereunder, unless paid in cash by the   Reinsurer  ; 

3.         To   reimburse   itself for the Reinsurer's share of any other amounts claimed to be due hereunder, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

4.         To   fund   a cash account in an amount equal to the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to,   the   Reinsurer's Obligations   as set forth   above, funded by means of a letter of credit which is under non-renewal notice, if said letter of credit has not been renewed or replaced by the Reinsurer 10 days prior to its expiration date; 

5.         To refund to the Reinsurer any sum in excess of the actual amount required to fund the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to,   the   Reinsurer's Obligations   as set forth   above, if so requested by the Reinsurer. 

In the event the amount drawn by the Company on any letter of credit is in excess of the actual amount required for B(1), B(2) or B(4), or in the case of B(3), the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. 

Article 27 -   Insolvency 

A.        In the event of the insolvency of the Company, this reinsurance shall be payable directly to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor on the basis of the liability of the Company without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or because the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company has failed to pay all or a portion of any claim.  It is agreed, however, that the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the Company indicating the policy or bond reinsured which claim would involve a possible liability on the part of the Reinsurer within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the conservation or liquidation proceeding or in the receivership, and that during the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defense or defenses that it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor.  The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to the approval of the Court, against the Company as part of the expense of conservation or liquidation to the extent of a pro rata share of the benefit which may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer. 

B.        Where two or more   Subscribing Reinsurers   are involved in the same claim and a majority in interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be apportioned in accordance with the terms of this Contract as though such expense had been incurred by the Company. 

C.        It is further understood and agreed that, in the event of the insolvency of the Company, the reinsurance under this Contract shall be payable directly by the Reinsurer to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver or statutory successor, except as provided by Section 4118(a) of the New York Insurance Law or except (1) where this Contract specifically provides another payee of such reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the Company or (2) where the Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insured or insureds has assumed such policy obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such policies and in substitution for the obligations of the Company to such payees. 

Article 28 -   Arbitration 

A.        As a condition precedent to any right of action hereunder, in the event of any dispute or difference of opinion hereafter arising with respect to this Contract, it is hereby mutually agreed that such dispute or difference of opinion shall be submitted to arbitration.  One  

Arbiter shall be chosen by the Company, the other by the Reinsurer, and an Umpire shall be chosen by the two Arbiters before they enter upon arbitration, all of whom shall be active or retired disinterested executive officers of insurance or reinsurance companies or Lloyd's London Underwriters.  In the event that either party should fail to choose an Arbiter within 30 days following a written request by the other party to do so, the requesting party may choose two Arbiters who shall in turn choose an Umpire before entering upon arbitration.  If the two Arbiters fail to agree upon the selection of an Umpire within 30 days following their appointment, each Arbiter shall nominate three candidates within 10 days thereafter, two of whom the other shall decline, and the decision shall be made by drawing lots. 

B.        Each party shall present its case to the Arbiters within 30 days following the date of appointment of the Umpire.  The Arbiters shall consider this Contract as an honorable engagement rather than merely as a legal obligation and they are relieved of all judicial formalities and may abstain from following the strict rules of law.  The decision of the Arbiters shall be final and binding on both parties; but failing to agree, they shall call in the Umpire and the decision of the majority shall be final and binding upon both parties.  Judgment upon the final decision of the Arbiters may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

C.        If more than one   Subscribing Reinsurer   is involved in the same dispute, all such   Subscribing   Reinsurers   shall, at the option of the Company, constitute and act as one party for purposes of this Article and communications shall be made by the Company to each of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   constituting one party, provided, however, that nothing herein shall impair the rights of such   Subscribing Reinsurers   to assert several, rather than joint, defenses or claims, nor be construed as changing the liability of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   participating under the terms of this Contract from several to joint. 

D.        Each party shall bear the expense of its own Arbiter, and shall jointly and equally bear with the other the expense of the Umpire and of the arbitration.  In the event that the two Arbiters are chosen by one party, as above provided, the expense of the Arbiters, the Umpire and the arbitration shall be equally divided between the two parties. 

E.        Any arbitration proceedings shall take place at a location mutually agreed upon by the parties to this Contract, but notwithstanding the location of the arbitration, all proceedings pursuant hereto shall be governed by the law of the state in which the Company has its principal office. 

Article 29 -   Service of Suit (BRMA 49C) 

(Applicable if the Reinsurer is not domiciled in the United States of America, and/or is not authorized in any State, Territory or District of the United States where authorization is required by insurance regulatory authorities) 

A.        It is agreed that in the event the Reinsurer fails to pay any amount claimed to be due hereunder, the Reinsurer, at the request of the Company, will submit to the jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction within the United States.  Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to constitute a waiver of the Reinsurer's rights to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove an action to a  

United States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another court as permitted by the laws of the United States or of any state in the United States. 

B.        Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the United States which makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer hereby designates the party named in its Interests and Liabilities Agreement, or if no party is named therein, the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or successors in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Contract. 

Article 30 -   Severability (BRMA 72E) 

If any provision of this Contract shall be rendered illegal or unenforceable by the laws, regulations or public policy of any state, such provision shall be considered void in such state, but this shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Contract or the enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Article 31 -   Governing Law (BRMA 71B) 

This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. 

Article 32 -   Confidentiality 

A.        The Reinsurer hereby acknowledges that the documents, information and data provided to it by the Company, whether directly or through an authorized agent, in connection with the placement and execution of this Contract, including all information obtained through any audits and any claims information between the Company and the Reinsurer, and any submission or other materials relating to any renewal (hereinafter referred to as "Confidential Information") are proprietary and confidential to the Company.   

B.        Except as provided for in paragraph C below, the Reinsurer shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third parties, including but not limited to the Reinsurer's subsidiaries and affiliates, other insurance companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates, underwriting agencies, research organizations, any unaffiliated entity engaged in modeling insurance or reinsurance data, and statistical rating organizations.   

C.        Confidential Information may be used by the Reinsurer only in connection with the performance of its obligations or enforcement of its rights under this Contract and will only be disclosed when required by (1) retrocessionaires subject to the business ceded to this Contract, (2) regulators performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records and/or financial condition, (3) external auditors performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records in the normal course of business, or (4) the Reinsurer's legal counsel; provided that the Reinsurer advises such parties of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and their obligation to maintain its confidentiality.  The Company may require that any third-party representatives of the Reinsurer agree, in writing, to be bound by this Confidentiality Article  

or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, containing terms no less stringent than those set forth in this Article.  If a third-party representative of the Reinsurer is not bound, in writing, by this Confidentiality Article or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, the Reinsurer shall be responsible for any breach of this provision by such third-party representative of the Reinsurer. 

D.        Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the Reinsurer is required by court order, other legal process or any regulatory authority to release or disclose any or all of the Confidential Information, the Reinsurer agrees to provide the Company with written notice of same at least 10 days prior to such release or disclosure, to the extent legally permissible, and to use its best efforts to assist the Company in maintaining the confidentiality provided for in this Article. 

E.        Any disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information shall comply with all state and federal statutes and regulations governing the disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information.  "Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information" shall be defined as this term or a similar term is defined in any applicable state, provincial, territory, or federal law.  Disclosing or using this information for any purpose not authorized by applicable law is expressly forbidden without the prior consent of the Company. 

F.        The parties agree that any information subject to privilege, including the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine (collectively "Privilege") shall not be disclosed to the Reinsurer until, in the Company's opinion, such Privilege is deemed to be waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.  Furthermore, the Reinsurer shall not assert that any Privilege otherwise applicable to the Confidential Information has been waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.   

G.        The provisions of this Article shall extend to the officers, directors and employees of the Reinsurer and its affiliates, and shall be binding upon their successors and assigns. 

Article 33 -   Non-Waiver 

The failure of the Company or Reinsurer to insist on compliance with this Contract or to exercise any right, remedy or option hereunder shall not:  (1) constitute a waiver of any rights contained in this Contract, (2) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from thereafter demanding full and complete compliance, (3) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from exercising such remedy in the future, nor (4)   affect the validity of this Contract or any part thereof. 

Article 34 -   Notices and Contract Execution 

A.        Whenever a notice, statement, report or any other written communication is required by this Contract, unless otherwise specified, such notice, statement, report or other written communication may be transmitted by certified or registered mail, nationally or internationally recognized express   delivery   service, personal delivery, electronic mail, or facsimile.    With the exception of notices of termination, first class mail is also acceptable. 

B.        The use of any of the following shall constitute a valid execution of this Contract   or any amendments thereto  : 

1.         Paper   documents with an original ink signature; 

2.         Facsimile   or electronic   copies of paper documents showing an original ink signature;   and  /or 

3.         Electronic records with an electronic signature made via an electronic agent.  For the purposes of this Contract, the terms   "  electronic record,  "     "  electronic signature  "   and   "  electronic   agent  "   shall have the meanings set forth in the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000   or any amendments thereto  . 

C.        This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when duly executed, shall be deemed an original. 

Article 35 -   Intermediary 

Aon Benfield Inc., or one of its affiliated corporations duly licensed as a reinsurance intermediary, is hereby recognized as the Intermediary negotiating this Contract for all business hereunder.  All communications (including but not limited to notices, statements, premiums, return premiums, commissions, taxes, losses, loss adjustment expense, salvages and loss settlements) relating to this Contract will be transmitted to the Company or the Reinsurer through the Intermediary.  Payments by the Company to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Reinsurer.  Payments by the Reinsurer to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Company only to the extent that such payments are actually received by the Company. 

In Witness Whereof  , the Company by its duly authorized representative has executed this Contract as of the date specified below: 

This ________________ day of ____________________________ in the year ____________. 

Federated National Insurance Company 

/s/ Michael H. Braun                               

/s/ signed by all participating reinsurers 

Schedule A 

Multi-Year Excess   Catastrophe 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

First  
					 
						 Excess  

Second  
					 
						 Excess  

Third  
					 
						 Excess  

Fourth  
					 
						 Excess  

Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Reinsurer's   Contract Year   Limit  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

First Contract Year   Minimum Premium  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

AAL  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

First Contract Year   Deposit Premium  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

First Contract Year   Deposit Premium Installments  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

The figures listed above for each excess layer shall apply to each Subscribing Reinsurer in the percentage share for that excess layer as expressed in its Interests and Liabilities Agreement attached hereto. 

War Exclusion Clause 

As regards interests which at time of loss or damage are on shore, no liability shall attach hereto in respect of any loss or damage which is occasioned by war, invasion, hostilities, acts of foreign enemies, civil war, rebellion, insurrection, military or usurped power, or martial law or confiscation by order of any government or public authority. 

16\F7V1088 

Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance (U.S.A.) 

1.       This Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any Pool of Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or Nuclear Energy risks. 

2.       Without in any way restricting the operation of   paragraph   (1) of this Clause, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to: 

I.  

Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on the site, or  

II.  

Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor installations, and   "  critical facilities  "   as such, or  

III.  

Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for processing substantial quantities of   "  special nuclear material,  "   and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing or disposing of   "  spent  "   nuclear fuel or waste materials, or  

IV.  

Installations other than those listed in   paragraph   (2) III above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or other products of nuclear fission.  

3.       Without in any way restricting the operations of   paragraphs   (1) and (2) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which normally would be insured therewith except that this   paragraph   (3) shall not operate 

(a)         where Reassured does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor power plant or nuclear installation, or 

(b)         where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive contamination, however caused.  However on and after 1st January 1960 this sub-  paragraph   (b) shall only apply provided the said radioactive contamination exclusion provision has been approved by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 

4.       Without in any way restricting the operations of   paragraphs   (1), (2) and (3) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a named hazard specifically insured against. 

5.       It is understood and agreed that this Clause shall not extend to risks using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not considered by the Reassured to be the primary hazard. 

6.       The term   "  special nuclear material  "   shall have the meaning given it in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof. 

7.       Reassured to be sole judge of what constitutes: 

(a)       substantial quantities, and 

(b)       the extent of installation, plant or site. 

Note  .-Without in any way restricting the operation of   paragraph   (1) hereof, it is understood and agreed that 

(a)       all policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1957 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 

(b)       with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 

12/12/57 

N.M.A. 1119 

BRMA 35B 

16\F7V1088 

Pools, Associations and Syndicates Exclusion Clause 

(Catastrophe) 

It is hereby understood and agreed that: 

A.      This Contract excludes loss or liability arising from: 

1.         Business derived directly or indirectly from any pool, association  ,   or syndicate which maintains its own reinsurance facilities.  This subparagraph 1 shall not apply with respect to: 

a.       Residual market mechanisms created by statute.  This Contract shall not extend, however, to afford coverage for liability arising from the inability of any other participant or member in the residual market mechanism to meet its obligations, nor shall this Contract extend to afford coverage for liability arising from any claim against the residual market mechanism brought by or on behalf of any insolvency fund (as defined in the Insolvency Fund Exclusion Clause incorporated in this Contract).  For the purposes of this Clause, the California Earthquake Authority shall be deemed to be a "residual market mechanism." 

b.         Inter-agency or inter-government joint underwriting or risk purchasing associations (however styled) created by or permitted by statute or regulation. 

2.       Those perils insured by the Company that the Company knows, at the time the risk is bound, to be insured by or in excess of amounts insured or reinsured by any pool, association or syndicate formed for t  he purpose of insuring oil, gas,   or petro-chemical plants; oil or gas drilling rigs; and/or aviation risks.  This subparagraph 2 shall not apply: 

a.         If the total insured value over all interests of the risk is less than $250,000,000. 

b.         To interests traditionally underwritten as Inland Marine or Stock or Contents written on a blanket basis. 

c.       To Contingent Business Interruption liability, except when it is known to the Company, at the time the risk is bound, that the key location is insured by or through any pool, association or syndicate formed for the purpose of insuring oil, gas, or petro-chemical plants; oil or gas drilling rigs; and/or aviation risks; unless the total insured value over all interests of the risk is less than $250,000,000. 

B.      With respect to loss or liability arising from the Company's participation or membership in any residual market mechanism created by statute, the Company may include in its ultimate net loss only amounts for which the Company is assessed as a direct consequence of a covered loss occurrence, subject to the following provisions: 

1.         Recovery is limited to perils otherwise protected hereunder. 

2.         In the event the terms of the Company's participation or membership in any such residual market mechanism permit the Company to recoup any such direct  

16\F7V1088 

Page     1     of 2 

assessment attributed to a loss occurrence by way of a specific policy premium surcharge or similar levy on policyholders, the amount received by the Company as a result of such premium surcharge or levy shall reduce the Company's ultimate net loss for such loss occurrence. 

3.         The result of any rate increase filing permitted by the terms of the Company's participation or membership in any such residual market mechanism following any assessment shall have no effect on the Company's ultimate net loss for any covered loss occurrence. 

4.       The result of any premium tax credit filing permitted by the terms of the Company's participation or membership in any such residual market mechanism following any assessment shall reduce the Company's ultimate net loss for any covered loss occurrence. 

5.         The Company may not include in its ultimate net loss any amount resulting from an assessment that, pursuant to the terms of the Company's participation or membership in the residual market mechanism, the Company is required to pay only after such assessment is collected from the policyholder. 

6.         The ultimate net loss hereunder shall not include any monies expended to purchase or retire bonds as a consequence of being a member of a residual market mechanism nor any fines or penalties imposed on the Company for late payment. 

7.       If, however, a residual market mechanism only provides for assessment based on an aggregate of losses in any one contract or plan year of said mechanism, then the amount of that assessment to be included in the ultimate net loss for any one loss occurrence shall be determined by multiplying the Company's share of the aggregate assessment by a factor derived by dividing the Company's ultimate net loss (net of the assessment) with respect to the loss occurrence by the total of all of its ultimate net losses (net of assessments) from all loss occurrences included by the mechanism in determining the assessment.  

8/1/2012 

16\F7V1088 

Page     2     of 2 

Terrorism Exclusion 

(Property Treaty Reinsurance) 

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within this Contract or any amendment thereto, it is agreed that this Contract excludes loss, damage, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with any act of terrorism, as defined herein, regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss. 

An act of terrorism includes any act, or preparation in respect of action, or threat of action designed to influence the government   de jure   or   de facto   of any nation or any political division thereof, or in pursuit of political, religious, ideological or similar purposes to intimidate the public or a section of the public of any nation by any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organization(s) or government(s)   de jure   or   de facto  , and which: 

1.       Involves violence against one or more persons, or 

2.       Involves damage to property; or 

3.       Endangers life other than the person committing the action; or 

4.       Creates a risk to health or safety of the public or a section of the public; or 

5.       Is designed to interfere with or disrupt an electronic system. 

This Contract also excludes loss, damage, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with any action in controlling, preventing, suppressing, retaliating against or responding to any act of terrorism. 

Notwithstanding the above and subject otherwise to the terms, conditions, and limitations of this Contract, in respect only of personal lines, this Contract will pay actual loss or damage (but not related cost and expense) caused by any act of terrorism provided such act is not directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with radiological, biological, chemical, or nuclear pollution or contamination. 

16\F7V1088 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 c996-20160930xex10_3.htm
 EX-10.3

Exhibit 103 Non-Florida Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract Effective 070116 - Fede

Non-Florida Property Catastrophe  

Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

_______________________ 

*****  Portions of this document omitted pursuant to an application for an order for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. Confidential portions of this document have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

First Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

American Agricultural Insurance Company  

*%  

American Standard Insurance Company of Wisconsin  

*%  

AXIS Specialty Limited  

*%  

Everest Reinsurance Company  

*%  

Partner Reinsurance Company Ltd.  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

General Insurance Corporation of India  

*%  

L nsf rs kringar Sak Fors kringsaktiebolag (publ)  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited     for and on behalf of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters Per Signing Page(s)**  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

Second Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

American Agricultural Insurance Company  

*%  

AXIS Specialty Limited  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement 

Table of Contents 

Non-Florida Property Catastrophe  

Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract 

Effective: July 1, 2016 

entered into by and between  

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise,   Florida 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Company") 

and 

The Subscribing Reinsurer(s) Executing the 

Interests and Liabilities Agreement(s) 

Attached Hereto 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Reinsurer") 

Article 1 -   Classes of Business Reinsured 

By this Contract the Reinsurer agrees to reinsure the excess liability which may accrue to the Company under its policies in force at the effective time and date hereof or issued or renewed at or after that time and date, and classified by the Company as Property business, including but not limited to, Dwelling Fire, Inland Marine, Mobile Home, Commercial and Homeowners business (including any business assumed from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation), subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein and in Schedule A attached hereto. 

Article 2 -   Commencement and Termination 

A.        This Contract shall become effective at 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016, with respect to losses arising out of loss occurrences commencing at or after that time and date, and shall remain in force until 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2017. 

B.        Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph A above, the Company may terminate a   Subscribing   Reinsurer's percentage share in this Contract at any time by giving written notice to the Subscribing Reinsurer in the event any of the following circumstances occur: 

1.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer's accounting system)   at the inception of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) 12 months prior to that date; or 

2.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the   Subscribing   Reinsurer's accounting system)   at any time during the term of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) at the date of the Subscribing Reinsurer's most recent financial  

statement filed with regulatory authorities and available to the public as of the inception of this Contract; or 

3.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's A.M. Best's rating has been assigned or downgraded below A- and/or Standard   Poor's rating has been assigned or downgraded below BBB+; or 

4.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become, or has announced its intention to become, merged with, acquired by or controlled by any other entity or individual(s) not controlling the Subscribing Reinsurer's operations previously; or 

5.         A State Insurance Department or other legal authority has ordered the Subscribing Reinsurer to cease writing business; or 

6.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become insolvent or has been placed into liquidation,   receivership  , supervision, administration, winding-up or under a scheme of arrangement, or similar proceedings (whether voluntary or involuntary) or proceedings have been instituted against the Subscribing Reinsurer for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, supervisor, administrator, conservator or trustee in bankruptcy, or other agent known by whatever name, to take possession of its assets or control of its operations; or 

7.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has reinsured its entire liability under this Contract without the Company's prior written consent; or 

8.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has ceased assuming new or renewal property or casualty treaty reinsurance business; or 

9.         The   Subscribing   Reinsurer has hired an unaffiliated runoff claims manager that is compensated on a contingent basis or is otherwise provided with financial incentives based on the quantum of claims paid; or 

10.     The Subscribing Reinsurer has failed to comply with the funding requirements set forth in the   Reserves   Article. 

C.        The "term of this Contract" as used herein shall mean the period from 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016 to 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2017.  However, if this Contract is terminated, the "term of this Contract" as used herein shall mean the period from 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016 to the effective time and date of termination. 

D.        If this Contract is terminated or expires while a loss occurrence covered hereunder is in progress, the Reinsurer's liability hereunder shall, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Contract, be determined as if the entire loss occurrence had occurred prior to the termination or expiration of this Contract, provided that no part of such loss occurrence is claimed against any renewal or replacement of this Contract. 

Article 3 -   Territory 

The territorial limits of this Contract shall be identical with   those of the Company's policies, excluding   risks located in the State   of Florida. 

Article 4 -   Exclusions 

A.        This Contract does not apply to and specifically excludes the following: 

1.         Reinsurance assumed by the Company under obligatory reinsurance agreements, except business assumed by the Company from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation. 

2.         Hail damage to growing or standing crops. 

3.         Business rated, coded or classified as Flood insurance or which should have been rated, coded or classified as such. 

4.         Business rated, coded or classified as Mortgage Impairment and Difference in Conditions insurance or which should have been rated, coded or classified as such. 

5.         Title insurance and all forms of Financial Guarantee, Credit and Insolvency. 

6.         Aviation, Ocean Marine, Boiler and Machinery, Fidelity and Surety, Accident and Health, Animal Mortality and Workers Compensation and Employers Liability. 

7.         Errors and Omissions, Malpractice and any other type of Professional Liability insurance.  

8.         Loss and/or damage and/or costs and/or expenses arising from seepage and/or pollution and/or contamination, other than contamination from smoke.  Nevertheless, this exclusion does not preclude payment of the cost of removing debris of property damaged by a loss otherwise covered hereunder, subject always to a limit of 25.0% of the Company's property loss under the applicable original policy. 

9.         Loss or liability as excluded under the provisions of the "War Exclusion Clause" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

10.     Nuclear risks as defined in the "Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance (U.S.A.)" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

11.       Loss or liability excluded   by the   Pools, Associations   and Syndicates Exclusion Clause (Catastrophe)   attached to and forming part of this Contrac  t    and any assessment or similar demand for payment related to the FHCF or Citizens Property Insurance Corporation  . 

12.     Loss or liability of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or otherwise, from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or involuntary, in any insolvency fund.  "Insolvency fund" includes any guaranty fund, insolvency fund, plan,  

pool, association, fund or other arrangement, however denominated, established or governed, which provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company of part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation of an insurer, or its successors or assigns, which has been declared by any competent authority to be insolvent, or which is otherwise deemed unable to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation in whole or in part.  

13.     Losses in the respect of overhead transmission and distribution lines other than those on or within 150 meters (or 500 feet) of the insured premises. 

14.     Mold, unless resulting from a peril otherwise covered under the policy involved. 

15.     Loss or liability as excluded under the provisions of the "Terrorism Exclusion" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

16.     All property loss, damage, destruction, erasure, corruption or alteration of Electronic Data from any cause whatsoever (including, but not limited to, Computer Virus) or loss of use, reduction in functionality, cost, expense or whatsoever nature resulting therefrom, unless resulting from a peril otherwise covered under the policy involved. 

"Electronic Data" as used herein means facts, concepts and information converted to a form usable for communications, interpretation or processing by electronic and electromechanical data processing or electronically-controlled equipment and includes programs, software and other coded instructions for the processing and manipulation of data or the direction and manipulation of such equipment.  

"Computer Virus" as used herein means a set of corrupting, harmful or otherwise unauthorized instructions or code, including a set of maliciously-introduced, unauthorized instructions or code, that propagate themselves through a computer system network of whatsoever nature. 

However, in the event that a peril otherwise covered under the policy results from any of the matters described above, this Contract, subject to all other terms and conditions, will cover physical damage directly caused by such listed peril. 

Article 5 -   Retention and Limit 

A.        The Company shall retain and be liable for the first $  8,000,000   of ultimate net loss arising out of each loss occurrence.  The Reinsurer shall then be liable, as respects each excess layer  , for the amount by which such u  ltimate   n  et   l  oss exceeds the Company's retention, but the liability of the Reinsurer under each excess layer shall not exceed the amount, shown as "Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit" for that excess layer in Schedule A attach  ed hereto, as respects any one l  oss   o  ccurrence. 

Whether a loss occurrence results in an ultimate net loss under one or more of the excess layers set forth in Schedule A attached hereto, the Company's retention will not exceed the first $  8,000,000   of ultimate net loss arising out of such loss occurrence. 

B.        Recoveries shall always be made, in the first instance, under the lowest excess layer that is not entirely exhausted.  If there is any amount of ultimate net loss arising out of a loss occurrence in excess of the Company's retention under the lowest excess layer that has not been recovered thereunder, such amount shall be recovered under the next excess   layer, if appropriate.  Recoveries under the First Excess layer set forth in Schedule A shall inure to the benefit of the Second Excess layer. 

It is understood, however, that any fully exhausted excess layer or the exhausted portion of any   excess   layer shall no longer inure to the benefit of any subsequent excess layer(s). 

C.        Notwithstanding the provisions above, no claim shall be made hereunder as respects losses arising out of loss occurrences commencing during the term of this Contract unless at least two risks insured or reinsured by the Company are involved in such loss occurrence.  For purposes hereof, the Company shall be the sole judge of what constitutes "one risk." 

Article 6 -   Other Reinsurance 

The Company shall be permitted to carry other reinsurance, recoveries under which shall inure solely to the benefit of the Company and be entirely disregarded in applying all of the provisions of this Contract. 

Article 7 -   Reinstatement 

A.        In the event all or any portion of the reinsurance   under any excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract   is exhausted by ultimate net loss, the amount so exhausted shall be reinstated immediately from the time the loss occurrence commences hereon.  For each amount so reinstated the Company agrees to pay additional premium equal to the product of the following: 

1.         The percentage of the occurrence limit   for the excess layer   reinstated (based on the   ultimate net loss   paid by the Reinsurer     under that excess layer  ); times 

2.         The earned reinsurance premium   for the excess layer   reinstated for the term of this Contract (exclusive of reinstatement premium). 

B.        Whenever the Company requests payment by the Reinsurer of any   ultimate net loss     under any excess layer   hereunder, the Company shall submit a statement to the Reinsurer of reinstatement premium due the Reinsurer   for that excess layer  .  If the earned reinsurance premium   for any excess layer   for the term of this Contract has not been finally determined as of the date of any such statement, the calculation of reinstatement premium due for that excess layer shall be based on the amount   shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto,   and shall be readjusted when the earned reinsurance premium for that excess layer for the term of this Contract has been finally determined.  Any reinstatement premium shown to be due the Reinsurer for any excess layer as reflected by any such statement (less prior payments, if any, for that excess layer) shall be payable by the Company concurrently with payment by the Reinsurer of the requested   ultimate net   loss for that excess layer.  Any return reinstatement premium shown  

to be due the Company shall be remitted by the Reinsurer as promptly as possible after receipt and verification of the Company's statement. 

C.        Notwithstanding anything stated herein, the liability of the Reinsurer for ultimate net loss under any excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract shall not exceed either of the following: 

1.         The amount, shown as "Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, as respects loss or losses arising out of any one loss occurrence; or 

2.         The amount, shown as "Reinsurer's Term Limit" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, in all during the term of this Contract. 

Article 8 -   Definition  s 

A.        "Loss adjustment expense," regardless of how such expenses are classified for statutory reporting purposes, as used in this Contract shall mean all costs and expenses allocable to a specific claim that are incurred by the Company in the investigation, appraisal, adjustment, settlement, litigation, defense or appeal of a specific claim, including court costs and   costs   of supersedeas and appeal bonds, and including a)   pre-judgment interest, unless included as part of the award or judgment; b) post-judgment interest; c) legal expenses and costs incurred in connection with coverage questions and legal actions connected thereto, including Declaratory Judgment Expense; and d) expenses and a pro rata share of salaries of the Company field employees, and expenses of other Company employees who have been temporarily diverted from their normal and customary duties and assigned to the field adjustment of losses covered by this Contract. 

Loss adjustment expense as defined above does not include unallocated loss adjustment expense.  Unallocated loss adjustment expense includes, but is not limited to, salaries and expenses of employees, other than in (d) above, and office and other overhead expenses. 

B.        "Loss in excess of policy limits" and "extra contractual obligations" as used in this Contract shall mean: 

1.         "Loss in excess of policy limits" shall mean 90.0% of any amount paid or payable by the Company in excess of its policy limits, but otherwise within the terms of its policy, such loss in excess of the Company's policy limits having been incurred because of, but not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the policy limits or by reason of the Company's alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of an action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such an action.    A  ny loss in excess of policy limits that is made in connection with this Contract shall not exceed 25.0% of the actual catastrophe loss. 

2.         "Extra contractual obligations" shall mean 90.0% of any punitive, exemplary, compensatory or consequential damages paid or payable by the Company, not covered by any other provision of this Contract and which arise from the handling of any claim on business subject to this Contract, such liabilities arising because of, but  

not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the policy limits or by reason of the Company's alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of an action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such an action.  An extra contractual obligation shall be deemed, in all circumstances, to have occurred on the same date as the loss covered or alleged to be covered under the policy.    A  ny extra contractual obligations that are made in connection with this Contract shall not exceed 25.0% of the actual catastrophe loss. 

Notwithstanding anything stated herein, this Contract shall not apply to any loss in excess of policy limits or any extra contractual obligation incurred by the Company as a result of any fraudulent and/or criminal act by any officer or director of the Company acting individually or collectively or in collusion with any individual or corporation or any other organization or party involved in the presentation, defense or settlement of any claim covered hereunder. 

C.        "Policies" as used in this Contract shall mean all policies, contracts and binders of insurance or reinsurance. 

D.        "Ultimate net loss" as used in this Contract shall mean the sum or sums (including loss in excess of policy limits, extra contractual obligations and loss adjustment expense, as defined herein) paid or payable by the Company in settlement of claims and in satisfaction of judgments rendered on account of such claims, after deduction of all salvage, all recoveries and all claims on inuring insurance or reinsurance, whether collectible or not.  Nothing herein shall be construed to mean that losses under this Contract are not recoverable until the Company's ultimate net loss has been ascertained. 

Article 9 -   Loss Occurrence 

A.        The term "loss occurrence" shall mean the sum of all individual losses directly occasioned by any one disaster, accident or loss or series of disasters, accidents or losses arising out of one event which occurs within the area of one state of the United States or province of Canada and states or provinces contiguous thereto and to one another.  However, the duration and extent of any one "loss occurrence" shall be limited to all individual losses sustained by the Company occurring during any period of 168 consecutive hours arising out of and directly occasioned by the same event, except that the term "loss occurrence" shall be further defined as follows: 

***** 

2.         As regards storm or stor  m systems that are not a named s  torm, including, by way of example and not limitation, ensuing wind, gusts, typhoon, tropical storm, hail, rain, tornados, cyclones, ensuing flood, storm surge, fire following, sprinkler leakage, riots, vandalism, collapse and water damage, all individual losses sustained by the Company occurring during any period of 1  44   consecutive hours arising out of, caused by, occurring during, occasioned by or resulting from the same event.  However, the event need not be limited to one state or province or states or provinces contiguous thereto. 

3.         As regards riot, riot attending a strike, civil commotion, vandalism and malicious mischief, all individual losses sustained by the Company occurring during any period of 96 consecutive hours within the area of one municipality or county and the municipalities or counties contiguous thereto arising out of and directly occasioned by the same event.  The maximum duration of 96 consecutive hours may be extended in respect of individual losses which occur beyond such 96 consecutive hours during the continued occupation of an assured's premises by strikers, provided such occupation commenced during the aforesaid period. 

4.         As regards earthquake (the epicenter of which need not necessarily be within the territorial confines referred to in paragraph A of this Article) and fire following directly occasioned by the earthquake, only those individual fire losses which commence during the period of 168 consecutive hours may be included in the Company's loss occurrence. 

5.         As regards freeze, only individual losses directly occasioned by collapse, breakage of glass and water damage (caused by bursting frozen pipes and tanks) may be included in the Company's loss occurrence. 

6.         As regards firestorms, brush fires and any other fires or series of fires, irrespective of origin (except as provided in sub  paragraphs 3 and 4   above), all individual losses sustained by the Company which   commence   during any period of 168     consecutive hours within the area of one state of the United States or province of Canada and states or provinces contiguous thereto and to one another may be included in the Company  '  s loss occurrence. 

B.        For all loss occurrences hereunder, the Company may choose the date and time when any such period of consecutive hours commences, provided that no period commences earlier than the date and time of the occurrence of the first recorded individual loss sustained by the Company arising out of that disaster, accident, or loss or series of disasters, accidents, or losses.  Furthermore: 

1.         For all loss occurrences other than those referred to in subparagraphs A.1., A.2., and A.3. above, only one such period of 168 consecutive hours shall apply with respect to one event. 

2.         As regards those loss occurrences referred to in subparagraphs A.1. and A.2., only one such period of consecutive hours (as set forth therein) shall apply with respect to one event, regardless of the duration of the event.   

3.         As regards those loss occurrences referred to in subparagraph A.3. above, if the disaster, accident, or loss or series of disasters, accidents, or losses occasioned by the event is of greater duration than 96 consecutive hours, then the Company may divide that disaster, accident, or loss or series of disasters, accidents, or losses into two or more loss occurrences, provided that no two periods overlap and no individual loss is included in more than one such period. 

C.        It is understood that losses arising from a combination of two or more perils as a result of the same event may be considered as having arisen from one loss occurrence.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the hourly limitations as stated above shall not be exceeded  

as respects the applicable perils, and no single loss occurrence shall encompass a time period greater than 168 consecutive hours, except as regards those loss occurrences referred to in subparagraphs A.1., A.4. and A.6. above. 

Article 10 -   Loss Notices and Settlements 

A.        Whenever losses sustained by the Company are reserved by the Company for an amount greater than 50.0% of the Company's retention under any excess layer hereunder and/or appear likely to result in a claim under such excess layer, the Company shall notify the Subscribing Reinsurers under that excess layer and shall provide updates related to development of such losses.  The Reinsurer shall have the right to participate in the adjustment of such losses at its own expense. 

B.        All loss settlements made by the Company, provided they are within the terms of this Contract and the terms of the original policy (with the exception of loss in excess of policy limits or extra contractual obligations coverage, if any, under this Contract), shall be binding upon the Reinsurer, and the Reinsurer agrees to pay all amounts for which it may be liable upon receipt of reasonable evidence of the amount paid by the Company. 

Article 11 -   Cash Call 

Notwithstanding the provisions of the   Loss Notices and S  ettlements Article, upon the request of the Company, the Reinsurer shall pay any amount with regard to a loss settlement or settlements that are scheduled to be made (including any payments projected   to be made) within the next 20   days by the Company, subject to receipt by the Reinsurer of a satisfactory proof of loss.  Such agreed   payment shall be made within 10   days from the date the demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

Article 12 -   Salvage and Subrogation 

The Reinsurer shall be credited with salvage (i.e., reimbursement obtained or recovery made by the Company, less the actual cost, excluding salaries of officials and employees of the Company and sums paid to attorneys as retainer, of obtaining such reimbursement or making such recovery) on account of claims and settlements involving reinsurance hereunder.  Salvage thereon shall always be used to reimburse the excess carriers in the reverse order of their priority according to their participation before being used in any way to reimburse the Company for its primary loss.  The Company hereby agrees to enforce its rights to salvage or subrogation relating to any loss, a part of which loss was sustained by the Reinsurer, and to prosecute all claims arising out of such rights, if, in the Company's opinion, it is economically reasonable to do so. 

Article 13 -   Reinsurance Premium 

A.        As premium for each excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract, the Company shall pay the Reinsurer a premium equal to the product of the following (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the term of this Contract is less than 12 months), subject to  

a minimum premium of the amount, shown as "Minimum Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the term of this Contract is less than 12 months): 

1.         The amount, shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto; times  

2.         The percentage calculated by dividing (a) the actual Average Annual Loss ("AAL") determined by the Company's wind insurance in force on September 30, 2016, by (b) the original AAL of the amount, shown as "AAL" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto. 

The Company's AAL shall be derived by averaging the applicable data produced by Applied Insurance Research (AIR) Touchstone v3.1 and Risk Management Solutions (RMS) RiskLink v15 catastrophe modeling software, in the long-term perspective, including secondary uncertainty and loss amplification, but excluding storm surge.    It is understood that the calculation of the actual AAL shall be based on the amount, shown as   "  Reinsurer  '  s Per Occurrence Limit  "   for that excess layer in   Schedule A attached hereto. 

B.        The Company shall pay the Reinsurer an annual deposit premium for each excess layer of the amount, shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, in four equal installments of the amount, shown as "Deposit Premium Installment" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, on July 1 and October 1 of 2016, and on January 1 and April 1 of 2017.  However, in the event this Contract is terminated, there shall be no deposit premium installments due after the effective date of termination. 

C  .        On or before June 30, 2017  , the Company shall provide a report to the Reinsurer setting forth the premium due hereunder for each excess layer   for the term of this Contract  , computed   in accordance with paragraph A above, and any additional premium due the Reinsurer or return premium due the Company for each such excess layer shall be remitted promptly. 

Article 14 -   Sanctions 

Neither the Company nor any Subscribing Reinsurer shall be liable for premium or loss under this Contract if it would result in a violation of any mandatory sanction, prohibition or restriction under United Nations resolutions or the trade or economic sanctions, laws or regulations of the European Union, United Kingdom or United States of America that are applicable to either party. 

Article 15 -   Late Payments 

A.        The provisions of this Article shall not be implemented unless specifically invoked, in writing, by one of the parties to this Contract. 

B.        In the event any premium, loss or other payment due either party is not received by the intermediary named in the Intermediary Article (hereinafter referred to as the "Intermediary") by the payment due date, the party to whom payment is due may, by  

notifying the Intermediary in writing, require the debtor party to pay, and the debtor party agrees to pay, an interest charge on the amount past due calculated for each such payment on the last business day of each month as follows: 

1.         The number of full days which have expired since the due date or the last monthly calculation, whichever the lesser; times 

2.         1/365ths of the six-month United States Treasury Bill rate     as quoted in   The Wall Street Journal   on the first business day of the month for which the calculation is made; times 

3.         The amount past due, including accrued interest. 

It is agreed that interest shall accumulate until payment of the original amount due plus interest charges have been received by the Intermediary. 

C.        The establishment of the due date shall, for purposes of this Article, be determined as follows: 

1.         As respects the payment of routine deposits and premiums due the Reinsurer, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 30 days after the date of transmittal by the Intermediary of the initial billing for each such payment. 

2.         Any claim or loss payment due the Company hereunder shall be deemed due 10 days after the proof of loss or demand for payment is transmitted to the Reinsurer.  If such loss or claim payment is not received within the 10 days, interest will accrue on the payment or amount overdue in accordance with paragraph B above, from the date the proof of loss or demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

3.         As respects any payment, adjustment or return due either party not otherwise provided for in subparagraphs 1 and 2 of this paragraph C, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 10 days following transmittal of written notification that the provisions of this Article have been invoked. 

For purposes of interest calculations only, amounts due hereunder shall be deemed paid upon receipt by the Intermediary. 

D.        Nothing herein shall be construed as limiting or prohibiting a Subscribing Reinsurer from contesting the validity of any claim, or from participating in the defense of any claim or suit, or prohibiting either party from contesting the validity of any payment or from initiating any arbitration or other proceeding in accordance with the provisions of this Contract.  If the debtor party prevails in an arbitration or other proceeding, then any interest charges due hereunder on the amount in dispute shall be null and void.  If the debtor party loses in such proceeding, then the interest charge on the amount determined to be due hereunder shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth above unless otherwise determined by such proceedings.  If a debtor party advances payment of any amount it is contesting, and proves to be correct in its contestation, either in whole or in part, the other  

party shall reimburse the debtor party for any such excess payment made plus interest on the excess amount calculated in accordance with this Article. 

E.        Interest charges arising out of the application of this Article that are $1,000 or less from any party shall be waived unless there is a pattern of late payments consisting of three or more items over the course of any 12-month period. 

Article 16 -   Offset 

The Company and the Reinsurer may offset any balance or amount due from one party to the other under this Contract or any other contract heretofore or hereafter entered into between the Company and the Reinsurer, whether acting as assuming reinsurer or ceding company.  The provisions of this Article shall not be affected by the insolvency of either party. 

Article 17 -   Access to Records 

The Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall have access at any reasonable time to all records of the Company which pertain in any way to this reinsurance, provided the Reinsurer gives the Company at least 15 days prior notice of request for such access.  However, a Subscribing Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall not have any right of access to the records of the Company if it is not current in all undisputed payments due the Company.  "Undisputed" as used herein shall mean any amount that the Subscribing Reinsurer has not contested in writing to the Company specifying the reason(s) why the payments are disputed.   

Article 18 -   Liability of the Reinsurer 

A.        The liability of the Reinsurer shall follow that of the Company in every case and be subject in all respects to all the general and specific stipulations, clauses, waivers and modifications of the Company's policies and any endorsements thereon.  However, in no event shall this be construed in any way to provide coverage outside the terms and conditions set forth in this Contract. 

B.        Nothing herein shall in any manner create any obligations or establish any rights against the Reinsurer in favor of any third party or any persons not parties to this Contract. 

Article 19 -   Net Retained Lines (BRMA 32E) 

A.        This Contract applies only to that portion of any policy which the Company retains net for its own account (prior to deduction of any underlying reinsurance specifically permitted in this Contract), and in calculating the amount of any loss hereunder and also in computing the amount or amounts in excess of which this Contract attaches, only loss or losses in respect of that portion of any policy which the Company retains net for its own account shall be included. 

B.        The amount of the Reinsurer's liability hereunder in respect of any loss or losses shall not be increased by reason of the inability of the Company to collect from any other  

reinsurer(s), whether specific or general, any amounts which may have become due from such reinsurer(s), whether such inability arises from the insolvency of such other reinsurer(s) or otherwise. 

Article 20 -   Errors and Omissions (BRMA 14F) 

Inadvertent delays, errors or omissions made in connection with this Contract or any transaction hereunder shall not relieve either party from any liability which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not occurred, provided always that such error or omission is rectified as soon as possible after discovery. 

Article 21 -   Currency (BRMA 12A) 

A.        Whenever the word "Dollars" or the "$" sign appears in this Contract, they shall be construed to mean United States Dollars and all transactions under this Contract shall be in United States Dollars. 

B.        Amounts paid or received by the Company in any other currency shall be converted to United States Dollars at the rate of exchange at the date such transaction is entered on the books of the Company. 

Article 22 -   Taxes (BRMA 50B) 

In consideration of the terms under which this Contract is issued, the Company will not claim a deduction in respect of the premium hereon when making tax returns, other than income or profits tax returns, to any state or territory of the   United States of America   or the   District of Columbia  . 

Article 23 -   Federal Excise Tax   (BRMA 17D) 

A.        The Reinsurer has agreed to allow for the purpose of paying the Federal Excise Tax the applicable percentage of the premium payable hereon (as imposed under Section 4371 of the Internal Revenue Code) to the extent such premium is subject to the Federal Excise Tax. 

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder the Reinsurer will deduct the applicable percentage from the return premium payable hereon and the Company or its agent should take steps to recover the tax from the United States Government. 

Article 24 -   Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 

A.        To the extent the Reinsurer is subject to the deduction and withholding of premium payable hereon as set forth in the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (Sections 1471-1474 of the Internal Revenue Code), the Reinsurer shall allow such deduction and withholding from the premium payable under this Contract.  

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder, the return premium shall be determined and paid in full without regard to any amounts deducted or withheld under paragraph A of this Article.  In the event the Company or its agent recovers such premium deductions and withholdings on the return premium from the United States Government, the Company or its agent shall reimburse the Reinsurer for such amounts. 

Article 25 -   Reserves 

A.        The Reinsurer agrees to fund its share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Company's ceded unearned premium and outstanding loss and loss adjustment expense reserves (including all case reserves plus any reasonable amount estimated to be unreported from known loss occurrences) (hereinafter referred to as "Reinsure  r  's Obligations") by: 

1.         Clean, irrevocable and unconditional letters of credit issued and confirmed, if confirmation is required by the insurance regulatory authorities involved, by a bank or banks meeting the NAIC Securities Valuation Office credit standards for issuers of letters of credit and acceptable to said insurance regulatory authorities; and/or 

2.         Escrow accounts for the benefit of the Company; and/or 

3.         Cash advances; 

if the Reinsurer: 

1.         Is unauthorized in any state of the United States of America or the District of Columbia having jurisdiction over the Company and if, without such funding, a penalty would accrue to the Company on any financial statement it is required to file with the insurance regulatory authorities involved; or 

2.         Has an A.M. Best Company's rating equal to or below B++ at the inception of this Contract. 

The Reinsurer, at its sole option, may fund in other than cash if its method and form of funding are acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities involved. 

B.        With regard to funding in whole or in part by letters of credit, it is agreed that each letter of credit will be in a form acceptable to insurance regulatory authorities involved, will be issued for a term of at least one year and will include an "evergreen clause," which automatically extends the term for at least one additional year at each expiration date unless written notice of non-renewal is given to the Company not less than 30 days prior to said expiration date.  The Company and the Reinsurer further agree, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Contract, that said letters of credit may be drawn upon by the Company or its successors in interest at any time, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or the Reinsurer, but only for one or more of the following purposes: 

1.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of unearned premiums returned to insureds on account of policy cancellations, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

2.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of losses and/or loss adjustment expense paid under the terms of policies reinsured hereunder, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

3.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of any other amounts claimed to be due hereunder, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

4.         To fund a cash account in an amount equal to the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Reinsurer's Obligations as set forth above, funded by means of a letter of credit which is under non-renewal notice, if said letter of credit has not been renewed or replaced by the Reinsurer 10 days prior to its expiration date; 

5.         To refund to the Reinsurer any sum in excess of the actual amount required to fund the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Reinsurer's Obligations as set forth above, if so requested by the Reinsurer. 

In the event the amount drawn by the Company on any letter of credit is in excess of the actual amount required for B(1), B(2) or B(4), or in the case of B(3), the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. 

Article 26 -   Insolvency 

A.        In the event of the insolvency of the Company, this reinsurance shall be payable directly to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor on the basis of the liability of the Company without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or because the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company has failed to pay all or a portion of any claim.  It is agreed, however, that the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the Company indicating the policy or bond reinsured which claim would involve a possible liability on the part of the Reinsurer within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the conservation or liquidation proceeding or in the receivership, and that during the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defense or defenses that it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor.  The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to the approval of the Court, against the Company as part of the expense of conservation or liquidation to the extent of a pro rata share of the benefit which may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer. 

B.        Where two or more   Subscribing Reinsurers   are involved in the same claim and a majority in interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be apportioned in accordance with the terms of this Contract as though such expense had been incurred by the Company. 

C.        It is further understood and agreed that, in the event of the insolvency of the Company, the reinsurance under this Contract shall be payable directly by the Reinsurer to the Company  

or to its liquidator, receiver or statutory successor, except as provided by Section 4118(a) of the New York Insurance Law or except (1) where this Contract specifically provides another payee of such reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the Company or (2) where the Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insured or insureds has assumed such policy obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such policies and in substitution for the obligations of the Company to such payees. 

Article 27 -   Arbitration 

A.        As a condition precedent to any right of action hereunder, in the event of any dispute or difference of opinion hereafter arising with respect to this Contract, it is hereby mutually agreed that such dispute or difference of opinion shall be submitted to arbitration.  One Arbiter shall be chosen by the Company, the other by the Reinsurer, and an Umpire shall be chosen by the two Arbiters before they enter upon arbitration, all of whom shall be active or retired disinterested executive officers of insurance or reinsurance companies or Lloyd's London Underwriters.  In the event that either party should fail to choose an Arbiter within 30 days following a written request by the other party to do so, the requesting party may choose two Arbiters who shall in turn choose an Umpire before entering upon arbitration.  If the two Arbiters fail to agree upon the selection of an Umpire within 30 days following their appointment, each Arbiter shall nominate three candidates within 10 days thereafter, two of whom the other shall decline, and the decision shall be made by drawing lots. 

B.        Each party shall present its case to the Arbiters within 30 days following the date of appointment of the Umpire.  The Arbiters shall consider this Contract as an honorable engagement rather than merely as a legal obligation and they are relieved of all judicial formalities and may abstain from following the strict rules of law.  The decision of the Arbiters shall be final and binding on both parties; but failing to agree, they shall call in the Umpire and the decision of the majority shall be final and binding upon both parties.  Judgment upon the final decision of the Arbiters may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

C.        If more than one   Subscribing Reinsurer   is involved in the same dispute, all such   Subscribing Reinsurers   shall, at the option of the Company, constitute and act as one party for purposes of this Article and communications shall be made by the Company to each of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   constituting one party, provided, however, that nothing herein shall impair the rights of such   Subscribing Reinsurers   to assert several, rather than joint, defenses or claims, nor be construed as changing the liability of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   participating under the terms of this Contract from several to joint. 

D.        Each party shall bear the expense of its own Arbiter, and shall jointly and equally bear with the other the expense of the Umpire and of the arbitration.  In the event that the two Arbiters are chosen by one party, as above provided, the expense of the Arbiters, the Umpire and the arbitration shall be equally divided between the two parties. 

E.        Any arbitration proceedings shall take place at a location mutually agreed upon by the parties to this Contract, but notwithstanding the location of the arbitration, all proceedings pursuant hereto shall be governed by the law of the state in which the Company has its principal office. 

Article 28 -   Service of Suit (BRMA 49C) 

(Applicable if the Reinsurer is not domiciled in the   United States of America  , and/or is not authorized in any State, Territory or District of the   United States   where authorization is required by insurance regulatory authorities) 

A.        It is agreed that in the event the Reinsurer fails to pay any amount claimed to be due hereunder, the Reinsurer, at the request of the Company, will submit to the jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction within the   United States  .  Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to constitute a waiver of the Reinsurer's rights to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove an action to a United States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another court as permitted by the laws of the United States or of any state in the United States. 

B.        Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the United States which makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer hereby designates the party named in its Interests and Liabilities Agreement, or if no party is named therein, the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or successors in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Contract. 

Article 29 -   Severability (BRMA 72E) 

If any provision of this Contract shall be rendered illegal or unenforceable by the laws, regulations or public policy of any state, such provision shall be considered void in such state, but this shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Contract or the enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Article 30 -   Governing Law (BRMA 71B) 

This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of   Florida  . 

Article 31 -   Confidentiality 

A.        The Reinsurer hereby acknowledges that the documents, information and data provided to it by the Company, whether directly or through an authorized agent, in connection with the placement and execution of this Contract, including all information obtained through any audits and any claims information between the Company and the Reinsurer, and any submission or other materials relating to any renewal (hereinafter referred to as "Confidential Information") are proprietary and confidential to the Company.   

B.        Except as provided for in paragraph C below, the Reinsurer shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third parties, including but not limited to the Reinsurer's subsidiaries and affiliates, other insurance companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates,  

underwriting agencies, research organizations, any unaffiliated entity engaged in modeling insurance or reinsurance data, and statistical rating organizations.   

C.        Confidential Information may be used by the Reinsurer only in connection with the performance of its obligations or enforcement of its rights under this Contract and will only be disclosed when required by (1) retrocessionaires subject to the business ceded to this Contract, (2) regulators performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records and/or financial condition, (3) external auditors performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records in the normal course of business, or (4) the Reinsurer's legal counsel; provided that the Reinsurer advises such parties of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and their obligation to maintain its confidentiality.  The Company may require that any third-party representatives of the Reinsurer agree, in writing, to be bound by this Confidentiality Article or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, containing terms no less stringent than those set forth in this Article.  If a third-party representative of the Reinsurer is not bound, in writing, by this Confidentiality Article or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, the Reinsurer shall be responsible for any breach of this provision by such third-party representative of the Reinsurer. 

D.        Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the Reinsurer is required by court order, other legal process or any regulatory authority to release or disclose any or all of the Confidential Information, the Reinsurer agrees to provide the Company with written notice of same at least 10 days prior to such release or disclosure, to the extent legally permissible, and to use its best efforts to assist the Company in maintaining the confidentiality provided for in this Article. 

E.        Any disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information shall comply with all state and federal statutes and regulations governing the disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information.  "Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information" shall be defined as this term or a similar term is defined in any applicable state, provincial, territory, or federal law.  Disclosing or using this information for any purpose not authorized by applicable law is expressly forbidden without the prior consent of the Company. 

F.        The parties agree that any information subject to privilege, including the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine (collectively "Privilege") shall not be disclosed to the Reinsurer until, in the Company's opinion, such Privilege is deemed to be waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.  Furthermore, the Reinsurer shall not assert that any Privilege otherwise applicable to the Confidential Information has been waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.   

G.        The provisions of this Article shall extend to the officers, directors and employees of the Reinsurer and its affiliates, and shall be binding upon their successors and assigns. 

Article 32 -   Non-Waiver 

The failure of the Company or Reinsurer to insist on compliance with this Contract or to exercise any right, remedy or option hereunder shall not:  (1) constitute a waiver of any rights contained in this Contract, (2) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from thereafter demanding full and  

complete compliance, (3) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from exercising such remedy in the future, nor (4)   affect the validity of this Contract or any part thereof. 

Article 33 -   Notices and Contract Execution 

A.        Whenever a notice, statement, report or any other written communication is required by this Contract, unless otherwise specified, such notice, statement, report or other written communication may be transmitted by certified or registered mail, nationally or internationally recognized express delivery service, personal delivery, electronic mail, or facsimile.  With the exception of notices of termination, first class mail is also acceptable. 

B.        The use of any of the following shall constitute a valid execution of this Contract or any amendments thereto: 

1.         Paper documents with an original ink signature; 

2.         Facsimile or electronic copies of paper documents showing an original ink signature; and/or 

3.         Electronic records with an electronic signature made via an electronic agent.  For the purposes of this Contract, the terms "electronic record," "electronic signature" and "electronic agent" shall have the meanings set forth in the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000 or any amendments thereto. 

C.        This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when duly executed, shall be deemed an original. 

Article 34 -   Intermediary 

Aon Benfield Inc., or one of its affiliated corporations duly licensed as a reinsurance intermediary, is hereby recognized as the Intermediary negotiating this Contract for all business hereunder.  All communications (including but not limited to notices, statements, premiums, return premiums, commissions, taxes, losses, loss adjustment expense, salvages and loss settlements) relating to this Contract will be transmitted to the Company or the Reinsurer through the Intermediary.  Payments by the Company to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Reinsurer.  Payments by the Reinsurer to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Company only to the extent that such payments are actually received by the Company. 

In Witness Whereof  , the Company by its duly authorized representative has executed this Contract as of the date specified below: 

This ________________ day of ____________________________ in the year ____________. 

Federated National Insurance Company 

/s/ Michael H. Braun            /s/ signed by all participating reinsurers           

Schedule A 

Non-Florida Property Catastrophe  

Excess of Loss Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

First  
					 
						 Excess  

Second  
					 
						 Excess  

Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit  

*****  

*****  

Reinsurer's Term Limit  

*****  

*****  

Minimum Premium  

*****  

*****  

AAL  

*****  

*****  

Annual Deposit Premium  

*****  

*****  

Deposit Premium Installments  

*****  

*****  

The figures listed above for each excess layer shall apply to each Subscribing Reinsurer in the percentage share for that excess layer as expressed in its Interests and Liabilities Agreement attached hereto. 

War Exclusion Clause 

As regards interests which at time of loss or damage are on shore, no liability shall attach hereto in respect of any loss or damage which is occasioned by war, invasion, hostilities, acts of foreign enemies, civil war, rebellion, insurrection, military or usurped power, or martial law or confiscation by order of any government or public authority. 

Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance (U.S.A.) 

1.         This Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any Pool of Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or Nuclear Energy risks. 

2.         Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this Clause, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to: 

I.  

Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on the site, or  

II.  

Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor installations, and "critical facilities" as such, or  

III.  

Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for processing substantial quantities of "special nuclear material," and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing or disposing of "spent" nuclear fuel or waste materials, or  

IV.  

Installations other than those listed in paragraph (2) III above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or other products of nuclear fission.  

3.       Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and (2) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which normally would be insured therewith except that this paragraph (3) shall not operate 

(a)          where Reassured does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor power plant or nuclear installation, or 

(b)          where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive contamination, however caused.  However on and after 1st January 1960 this sub-paragraph (b) shall only apply provided the said radioactive contamination exclusion provision has been approved by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 

4.         Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a named hazard specifically insured against. 

5.         It is understood and agreed that this Clause shall not extend to risks using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not considered by the Reassured to be the primary hazard. 

6.         The term "special nuclear material" shall have the meaning given it in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof. 

7.         Reassured to be sole judge of what constitutes: 

(a)          substantial quantities, and 

(b)          the extent of installation, plant or site. 

Note  .-Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof, it is understood and agreed that 

(a)          all policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1957 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 

(b)          with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 

12/12/57 

N.M.A. 1119 

BRMA 35B 

Pools, Associations and Syndicates Exclusion Clause 

(Catastrophe) 

It is hereby understood and agreed that: 

A.        This   Contract   excludes loss or liability arising from: 

1.         Business derived directly or indirectly from any pool, association  ,   or syndicate which maintains its own reinsurance facilities.  This subparagraph 1 shall not apply with respect to: 

a.         Residual market mechanisms created by statute.  This Contract shall not extend, however, to afford coverage for liability arising from the inability of any other participant or member in the residual market mechanism to meet its obligations, nor shall this Contract extend to afford coverage for liability arising from any claim against the residual market mechanism brought by or on behalf of any insolvency fund (as defined in the Insolvency Fund Exclusion Clause incorporated in this Contract).  For the purposes of this Clause, the California Earthquake Authority shall be deemed to be a "residual market mechanism." 

b.         Inter-agency or inter-government joint underwriting or risk purchasing associations (however styled) created by or permitted by statute or regulation. 

2.       Those perils insured by the Company that the Company knows, at the time the risk is bound, to be insured by or in excess of amounts insured or reinsured by any pool, association or syndicate formed for t  he purpose of insuring oil, gas,   or petro-chemical plants; oil or gas drilling rigs; and/or aviation risks.  This subparagraph 2 shall not apply: 

a.         If the total insured value over all interests of the risk is less than $250,000,000. 

b.         To interests traditionally underwritten as Inland Marine or Stock or Contents written on a blanket basis. 

c.         To Contingent Business Interruption liability, except when it is known to the Company, at the time the risk is bound, that the key location is insured by or through any pool, association or syndicate formed for the purpose of insuring oil, gas, or petro-chemical plants; oil or gas drilling rigs; and/or aviation risks; unless the total insured value over all interests of the risk is less than $250,000,000. 

B.        With respect to loss or liability arising from the Company's participation or membership in any residual market mechanism created by statute, the Company may include in its ultimate net loss only amounts for which the Company is assessed as a direct consequence of a covered loss occurrence, subject to the following provisions: 

1.         Recovery is limited to perils otherwise protected hereunder. 

2.         In the event the terms of the Company's participation or membership in any such residual market mechanism permit the Company to recoup any such direct  

16\F7V1075 

Page     1     of 2 

assessment attributed to a loss occurrence by way of a specific policy premium surcharge or similar levy on policyholders, the amount received by the Company as a result of such premium surcharge or levy shall reduce the Company's ultimate net loss for such loss occurrence. 

3.         The result of any rate increase filing permitted by the terms of the Company's participation or membership in any such residual market mechanism following any assessment shall have no effect on the Company's ultimate net loss for any covered loss occurrence. 

4.         The result of any premium tax credit filing permitted by the terms of the Company's participation or membership in any such residual market mechanism following any assessment shall reduce the Company's ultimate net loss for any covered loss occurrence. 

5.         The Company may not include in its ultimate net loss any amount resulting from an assessment that, pursuant to the terms of the Company's participation or membership in the residual market mechanism, the Company is required to pay only after such assessment is collected from the policyholder. 

6.         The ultimate net loss hereunder shall not include any monies expended to purchase or retire bonds as a consequence of being a member of a residual market mechanism nor any fines or penalties imposed on the Company for late payment. 

7.         If, however, a residual market mechanism only provides for assessment based on an aggregate of losses in any one contract or plan year of said mechanism, then the amount of that assessment to be included in the ultimate net loss for any one loss occurrence shall be determined by multiplying the Company's share of the aggregate assessment by a factor derived by dividing the Company's ultimate net loss (net of the assessment) with respect to the loss occurrence by the total of all of its ultimate net losses (net of assessments) from all loss occurrences included by the mechanism in determining the assessment.  

8/1/2012 

16\F7V1075 

Page     2     of 2 

Terrorism Exclusion 

(Property Treaty Reinsurance) 

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within this Contract or any amendment thereto, it is agreed that this Contract excludes loss, damage, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with any act of terrorism, as defined herein, regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss. 

An act of terrorism includes any act, or preparation in respect of action, or threat of action designed to influence the government   de jure   or   de facto   of any nation or any political division thereof, or in pursuit of political, religious, ideological or similar purposes to intimidate the public or a section of the public of any nation by any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organization(s) or government(s)   de jure   or   de facto  , and which: 

1.         Involves   violence against one or more persons, or 

2.         Involves   damage to property; or 

3.         Endangers   life other than the person committing the action; or 

4.         Creates   a risk to health or safety of the public or a section of the public; or 

5.         Is   designed   to interfere with or disrupt an electronic system. 

This Contract also excludes loss, damage, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with any action in controlling, preventing, suppressing, retaliating against or responding to any act of terrorism. 

Notwithstanding the above and subject otherwise to the terms, conditions, and limitations of this Contract, in respect only of personal lines, this Contract will pay actual loss or damage (but not related cost and expense) caused by any act of terrorism provided such act is not directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with radiological, biological, chemical, or nuclear pollution or contamination. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 c996-20160930xex10_4.htm
 EX-10.4

Exhibit 104 Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract Effective 070116 - Federat

Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

_______________________ 

*****  Portions of this document omitted pursuant to an application for an order for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. Confidential portions of this document have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

First Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Allianz Risk Transfer AG (Bermuda Branch)**  

*%  

Total  

*%  

Second Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

AXIS Specialty Limited  

*%  

Total  

*%  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Table of Contents 

Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

entered into by and between 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise,   Florida 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Company") 

and 

The Subscribing Reinsurer(s) Executing the 

Interests and Liabilities Agreement(s) 

Attached Hereto 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Reinsurer"  ) 

Article 1 -   Coverage 

By this Contract the Reinsurer agrees to indemnify   the Company for 100% of any   reinstatement premium which the Company pays or becomes liable to pay as a result of loss occurrences   covered   under   the   Company  '  s   Non-Florida   Property Catastrophe Excess of Loss   Reinsurance Contract, effective   July 1, 2016   (hereinafter referr  ed to as the "Original Contract" and described in Schedule A attached hereto),   subject to the terms  ,   conditions   and limitations set forth herein and in Schedules A and B attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

Article 2 -   Commencement and Termination 

A.        This Contract shall become   effective   at 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016  , with respect to   reinstatement premium payable by the Company under the Original Contract as a result of   losses arising out of loss occurrences commencing   at   or after that   time and   date,   and shall remain in force until 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2017  . 

B.        Notwithstanding the provisions of   paragraph   A  .   above, the Company may terminate a   Subscribing   Reinsurer  '  s percentage share in this Contract at any time by giving written notice to the Subscribing Reinsurer in the event any of the following circumstances occur: 

1.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus (or its equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer's accounting system) at the inception of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) 12 months prior to that date; or 

2.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus (or its equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer's accounting system) at any time during the term of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) at the date of the Subscribing Reinsurer's most recent financial  

statement filed with regulatory authorities and available to the public as of the inception of this Contract; or 

3.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's A.M. Best's rating has been assigned or downgraded below "A-" and/or Standard   Poor's rating has been assigned or downgraded below "BBB+"; or 

4.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become, or has announced its intention to become, merged with, acquired by or controlled by any other entity or individual(s) not controlling the Subscribing Reinsurer's operations previously; or 

5.         A State Insurance Department or other legal authority has ordered the Subscribing Reinsurer to cease writing business; or 

6.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become insolvent or has been placed into liquidation, receivership, supervision, administration, winding-up or under a scheme of arrangement, or similar proceedings (whether voluntary or involuntary) or proceedings have been instituted against the Subscribing Reinsurer for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, supervisor, administrator, conservator or trustee in bankruptcy, or other agent known by whatever name, to take possession of its assets or control of its operations; or 

7.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has reinsured its entire liability under this Contract without the Company's prior written consent; or  

8.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has ceased assuming new or renewal property or casualty treaty reinsurance business; or 

9.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has hired an unaffiliated runoff claims manager that is compensated on a contingent basis or is otherwise provided with financial incentives based on the quantum of claims paid; or 

10.     The Subscribing Reinsurer has failed to comply with the funding requirements set forth in the Reserves Article. 

C.        If this Contract is terminated or expires while a loss occurrence covered hereunder is in progress, the Reinsurer's liability hereunder shall, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Contract, be determined as if the entire loss occurrence had occurred prior to the termination or expiration of this Contract, provided that no part of such loss occurrence is claimed against any renewal or replacement of this Contract. 

Article 3 -   Concurrency of Conditions 

A.        I  t is agreed that this Contract   will follow the terms, conditions, exclusions, definitions, warranties a  nd settlements of the Company under the Original   Contract, which are not inconsistent with the provisions of th  is   Contract. 

B.        The   Company shall   advise the Reinsurer of any ma  terial changes in the Original Contract which may affect the l  iability of the Reinsurer under this   Contract  . 

Article 4 -   Premium 

A.        As premium for   the reinsurance coverage provided hereunder for each excess layer for the term of this Contract  , the Company shall pay the Reinsurer   the product of the following (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the term of this Contract is less than 12 months and for purposes of calculating subparagraph 3 below, the term of the Original Contract is a full 12 months):  

1.         The amount, shown as "Reinstatement Factor" for that excess layer in Schedule B   attached   hereto; times 

2.         The Final Adjusted Rate on Line for the   corresponding excess layer of the   Original Contract; times 

3.         An amount equal to 100% reinsurance placement percentage under   each excess layer of   the Original Contract of the final adjusted premium paid by the Company for the   corresponding excess layer of the   Original Contract. 

"Final Adjusted Rate on Line" as used herein shall mean an amount equal to a 100% reinsurance placement percentage under   each excess layer of   the Original Contract of the final adjusted premium paid by the Company for the   corresponding excess layer of the   Original Contract divided by the   amount, shown as the "  R  einsurer's Per Occurrence Limit" for that excess layer under the Original Contract in Schedule A attached hereto. 

B.        The Company shall pay the Reinsurer a deposit premium   for each excess layer of the   amount  , shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule B attached hereto,   in four equal installments of   the amount, shown as "Deposit Premium Installment" for that excess layer in Schedule B attached hereto,   on July 1 and October 1 of   2016  , and January 1 and April 1 of   2017  .  However, in the event this Contract is terminated, there shall be no deposit premium installments due after the effective date of termination. 

C.        As soon as possible after the termination or expiration of this Contract, the Company shall provide a report to the Reinsurer setting forth the premium due hereunder for each excess layer for the term of this Contract, computed in accordance with paragraph A, and any additional premium due the Reinsurer or return premium due the Company for each such excess layer shall be remitted promptly. 

Article 5 -   Sanctions 

Neither the Company nor any Subscribing Reinsurer shall be liable for premium or loss under this Contract if it would result in a violation of any mandatory sanction, prohibition or restriction under United Nations resolutions or the trade or economic sanctions, laws or regulations of the European Union, United Kingdom or United States of America that are applicable to either party. 

Article 6 -   Loss Notices and Settlements 

A.        Whenever   reinstatement premium settlements made by the Company under     the   Original   Contract appear likely to result in a claim hereunder, the Company shall notify the  

Reinsurer.  The   Company will   advise   the Reinsurer   of all subsequent developments relating to such claims   that  , in the opinion of the Company, may materially affect the position of the Reinsurer. 

B.        All reinstatement premium settlements made by the Company under   the   Original   Contract,   provided   they are within the terms of the   Original   Contract and within the terms of this Contract, shall be binding upon the Reinsurer, and the Reinsurer agrees to pay all amounts for which it may be liable   within 10 days of   receipt of reasonable evidence of the amount paid (or scheduled to be paid) by the Company. 

Article 7 -   Late Payments 

A.        The provisions of this Article shall not be implemented unless specifically invoked, in writing, by one of the parties to this Contract. 

B.        In the event any premium, loss or other payment due either party is not received by the intermediary named in the Intermediary Article (hereinafter referred to as the "Intermediary") by the payment due date, the party to whom payment is due may, by notifying the Intermediary in writing, require the debtor party to pay, and the debtor party agrees to pay, an interest charge on the amount past due calculated for each such payment on the last business day of each month as follows: 

1.         The   number   of full days which have expired since the due date or the last monthly calculation, whichever the lesser; times 

2.         1/  365ths   of the   six-month United States Treasury Bill rate     as quoted in   The Wall Street Journal   on the first business day of the month for which the calculation is made; times 

3.         The   amount   past due, including accrued interest. 

It   is agreed that interest shall accumulate until payment of the original amount due plus interest charges have been received by the Intermediary. 

C.        The establishment of the due date shall, for purposes of this Article, be determined as follows: 

1.         As respects the payment of routine deposits and premiums due the Reinsurer, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is   not   specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 30 days after the date of transmittal by the Intermediary of the initial billing for each such payment. 

2.         Any claim or loss payment due the Company hereunder shall be deemed due 10 days after the proof of loss or demand for payment is transmitted to the Reinsurer.  If such   loss   or claim payment is not received within the 10 days, interest will accrue on the payment or amount overdue in accordance with paragraph B above, from the date the proof of loss or demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

3.         As   respects   any payment, adjustment or return due either party not otherwise provided for in subparagraphs 1. and 2. of this paragraph C., the due date shall be as provided  

for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 10 days following transmittal of written notification that the provisions of this Article have been invoked. 

For purposes of interest calculations only, amounts due hereunder shall be deemed paid upon receipt by the Intermediary. 

D.        Nothing herein shall be construed as limiting or prohibiting a Subscribing Reinsurer from contesting the validity of any claim, or from participating in the defense of any claim or suit, or prohibiting either party from contesting the validity of any payment or from initiating any arbitration or other proceeding in accordance with the provisions of this Contract.  If the debtor party prevails in an arbitration or other proceeding, then any interest charges due hereunder on the amount in dispute shall be null and void.  If the debtor party loses in such proceeding, then the interest charge on the amount determined to be due hereunder shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth above unless otherwise determined by such proceedings.  If a debtor party advances payment of any amount it is contesting, and proves to be correct in its contestation, either in whole or in part, the other party shall reimburse the debtor party for any such excess payment made plus interest on the excess amount calculated in accordance with this Article. 

E.        Interest charges arising out of the application of this Article that are $1,000 or less from any party shall be waived unless there is a pattern of late payments consisting of three or more items over the course of any 12-month period. 

Article 8 -   Offset 

The Company and the Reinsurer may offset any balance or amount due from one party to the other under this Contract or any other contract heretofore or hereafter entered into between the Company and the Reinsurer, whether acting as assuming reinsurer or ceding company.  The provisions of this Article shall not be affected by the insolvency of either party. 

Article 9 -   Access to Records 

The Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall have access at any reasonable time to all records of the Company which pertain in any way to this reinsurance, provided the Reinsurer gives the Company at least 15 days prior notice of request for such access.  However, a Subscribing   Reinsurer   or its designated representatives   shall not have any right of access to the   records of the Company   if it is not current in all und  isputed payments due the Company.  "Undisputed" as used herein shall mean any amount that the Subscribing Reinsurer has not contested in writing to the Company specifying the reason(s) why the payments are disputed. 

Article 10 -   Errors and Omissions (BRMA 14F) 

Inadvertent delays, errors or omissions made in connection with this Contract or any transaction hereunder shall not relieve either party from any liability which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not occurred, provided always that such error or omission is rectified as soon as possible after discovery. 

Article 11 -   Currency (BRMA 12A) 

A.        Whenever the word "Dollars" or the "$" sign appears in this Contract, they shall be construed to mean United States Dollars and all transactions under this Contract shall be in United States Dollars. 

B.        Amounts paid or received by the Company in any other currency shall be converted to United States Dollars at the rate of exchange at the date such transaction is entered on the books of the Company. 

Article 12 -   Taxes (BRMA 50B) 

In consideration of the terms under which this Contract is issued, the Company will not claim a deduction in respect of the premium hereon when making tax returns, other than income or profits tax returns, to any state or territory of the   United States of America   or the   District of Columbia  . 

Article 13 -   Federal Excise Tax   (BRMA 17D) 

A.        The Reinsurer has agreed to allow for the purpose of paying the Federal Excise Tax the applicable percentage of the premium payable hereon (as imposed under Section 4371 of the Internal Revenue Code) to the extent such premium is subject to the Federal Excise Tax. 

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder the Reinsurer will deduct the applicable percentage from the return premium payable hereon and the Company or its agent should take steps to recover the tax from the United States Government. 

Article 14 -   Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 

A.        To the extent the Reinsurer is subject to the deduction and withholding of premium payable hereon as set forth in the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (Sections 1471-1474 of the Internal Revenue Code), the Reinsurer shall allow such deduction and withholding from the premium payable under this Contract.  

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder, the return premium shall be determined and paid in full without regard to any amounts deducted or withheld under paragraph A of this Article.  In the event the Company or its agent recovers such premium deductions and withholdings on the return premium from the United States Government, the Company or its agent shall reimburse the Reinsurer for such amounts. 

Article 15 -   Reserves 

A.        The Reinsurer agrees to fund its share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Company's ceded unearned premium and outstanding loss reserves (being the sum of all reinstatement premiums paid by the Company under the Original Contract but not yet  

recovered from the Reinsurer, plus the Company's reserves for reinstatement premium due under the Original Contract, if any) (hereinafter referred to as "Reinsurer's Obligations") by: 

1.         Clean, irrevocable and unconditional letters of credit issued and confirmed, if confirmation is required by the insurance regulatory authorities involved, by a bank or banks meeting the NAIC Securities Valuation Office credit standards for issuers of letters of credit and acceptable to said insurance regulatory authorities; and/or 

2.         Escrow accounts for the benefit of the Company; and/or 

3.         Cash advances; 

if the Reinsurer: 

1  .         Is unauthorized in any state of the United States of America or the District of Columbia having jurisdiction over the Company and if, without such funding, a penalty would accrue to the Company on any financial statement it is required to file with the insurance regulatory authorities involved; or 

2.         Has an A.M. Best Company's rating equal to or below B++ at the inception of this Contract. 

The Reinsurer, at its sole option, may fund in other than cash if its method and form of funding are acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities involved. 

B.        With regard to funding in whole or in part by letters of credit, it is agreed that each letter of credit will be in a form acceptable to insurance regulatory authorities involved, will be issued for a term of at least one year and will include an "evergreen clause," which automatically extends the term for at least one additional year at each expiration date unless written notice of non-renewal is given to the Company not less than 30 days prior to said expiration date.  The Company and the Reinsurer further agree, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Contract, that said letters of credit may be drawn upon by the Company or its successors in interest at any time, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or the Reinsurer, but only for one or more of the following purposes: 

1.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer  '  s share of unearned premiums returned to insureds on account of policy cancellations, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

2.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of reinstatement premiums paid by the Company under the terms of the Original Contract, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

3.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of any other amounts claimed to be due hereunder, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

4.         To fund a cash account in an amount equal to the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including, but not limited to, the Reinsurer's Obligations as set forth above, funded by means of a letter of credit which is under non-renewal notice, if said letter of credit has not been renewed or replaced by the Reinsurer 10 days prior to its expiration date; 

5.         To refund to the Reinsurer any sum in excess of the actual amount required to fund the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Reinsurer's Obligations as set forth above, if so requested by the Reinsurer. 

In the event the amount drawn by the Company on any letter of credit is in excess of the actual amount required for B(1), B(2) or B(4), or in the case of B(3), the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. 

Article 16 -   Insolvency 

A.        In the event of the insolvency of the Company, this reinsurance shall be payable directly to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor on the basis of the liability of the Company without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or because the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company has failed to pay all or a portion of any claim.  It is agreed, however, that the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the Company indicating the policy or bond reinsured which claim would involve a possible liability on the part of the Reinsurer within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the conservation or liquidation proceeding or in the receivership, and that during the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defense or defenses that it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor.  The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to the approval of the Court, against the Company as part of the expense of conservation or liquidation to the extent of a pro rata share of the benefit which may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer. 

B.        Where two or more   Subscribing Reinsurers   are involved in the same claim and a majority in interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be apportioned in accordance with the terms of this Contract as though such expense had been incurred by the Company. 

C.        It is further understood and agreed that, in the event of the insolvency of the Company, the reinsurance under this Contract shall be payable directly by the Reinsurer to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver or statutory successor, except as provided by Section 4118(a) of the New York Insurance Law or except (1) where this Contract specifically provides another payee of such reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the Company or (2) where the Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insured or insureds has assumed such policy obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such policies and in substitution for the obligations of the Company to such payees. 

Article 17 -   Arbitration 

A.        As a condition precedent to any right of action hereunder, in the event of any dispute or difference of opinion hereafter arising with respect to this Contract, it is hereby mutually agreed that such dispute or difference of opinion shall be submitted to arbitration.  One Arbiter shall be chosen by the Company, the other by the Reinsurer, and an Umpire shall  

be chosen by the two Arbiters before they enter upon arbitration, all of whom shall be active or retired disinterested executive officers of insurance or reinsurance companies or Lloyd's London Underwriters.  In the event that either party should fail to choose an Arbiter within 30 days following a written request by the other party to do so, the requesting party may choose two Arbiters who shall in turn choose an Umpire before entering upon arbitration.  If the two Arbiters fail to agree upon the selection of an Umpire within 30 days following their appointment, each Arbiter shall nominate three candidates within 10 days thereafter, two of whom the other shall decline, and the decision shall be made by drawing lots. 

B.        Each party shall present its case to the Arbiters within 30 days following the date of appointment of the Umpire.  The Arbiters shall consider this Contract as an honorable engagement rather than merely as a legal obligation and they are relieved of all judicial formalities and may abstain from following the strict rules of law.  The decision of the Arbiters shall be final and binding on both parties; but failing to agree, they shall call in the Umpire and the decision of the majority shall be final and binding upon both parties.  Judgment upon the final decision of the Arbiters may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

C.        If more than one Subscribing Reinsurer     is involved in the same dispute, all such Subscribing Reinsurers     shall, at the option of the Company, constitute and act as one party for purposes of this Article and communications shall be made by the Company to each of the Subscribing Reinsurers     constituting one party, provided, however, that nothing herein shall impair the rights of such Subscribing Reinsurers     to assert several, rather than joint, defenses or claims, nor be construed as changing the liability of the Subscribing Reinsurers     participating under the terms of this Contract from several to joint. 

D.        Each party shall bear the expense of its own Arbiter, and shall jointly and equally bear with the other the expense of the Umpire and of the arbitration.  In the event that the two Arbiters are chosen by one party, as above provided, the expense of the Arbiters, the Umpire and the arbitration shall be equally divided between the two parties. 

E.        Any arbitration proceedings shall take place at a location mutually agreed upon by the parties to this Contract, but notwithstanding the location of the arbitration, all proceedings pursuant hereto shall be governed by the law of the state in which the Company has its principal office. 

Article 18 -   Service of Suit (BRMA 49C) 

(Applicable if the Reinsurer is not domiciled in the   United States of America  , and/or is not authorized in any State, Territory or District of the   United States   where authorization is required by insurance regulatory authorities) 

A.        It is agreed that in the event the Reinsurer fails to pay any amount claimed to be due hereunder, the Reinsurer, at the request of the Company, will submit to the jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction within the   United States  .  Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to constitute a waiver of the Reinsurer's rights to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove an action to a United States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another court as permitted by the laws of the United States or of any state in the United States. 

B.        Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the United States which makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer hereby designates the party named in its Interests and Liabilities Agreement, or if no party is named therein, the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or successors in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Contract. 

Article 19 -   Severability (BRMA 72E) 

If any provision of this Contract shall be rendered illegal or unenforceable by the laws, regulations or public policy of any state, such provision shall be considered void in such state, but this shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Contract or the enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Article 20 -   Governing Law (BRMA 71B) 

This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of   Florida  . 

Article 21 -   Confidentiality 

A.        The Reinsurer hereby acknowledges that the documents, information and data provided to it by the Company, whether directly or through an authorized agent, in connection with the placement and execution of this Contract, including all information obtained through any audits and any claims information between the Company and the Reinsurer, and any submission or other materials relating to any renewal (hereinafter referred to as "Confidential Information") are proprietary and confidential to the Company.   

B.        Except as provided for in paragraph C. below, the Reinsurer shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third parties, including but not limited to the Reinsurer's subsidiaries and affiliates, other insurance companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates, underwriting agencies, research organizations, any unaffiliated entity engaged in modeling insurance or reinsurance data, and statistical rating organizations.   

C.        Confidential Information may be used by the Reinsurer only in connection with the performance of its obligations or enforcement of its rights under this Contract and will only be disclosed when required by (1) retrocessionaires subject to the business ceded to this Contract, (2) regulators performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records and/or financial condition, or (3) external auditors performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records in the normal course of business; provided that the Reinsurer advises such parties of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and their obligation to maintain its confidentiality.  The Reinsurer shall be responsible for any breach of this provision by any third-party representatives of the Reinsurer.  The Company requires that any third-party representatives of the Reinsurer agree, in writing, to be bound by this Confidentiality Article or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, containing terms no less stringent than those set forth in this Article. 

D.        Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the Reinsurer is required by court order, other legal process or any regulatory authority to release or disclose any or all of the Confidential Information, the Reinsurer agrees to provide the Company with written notice of same at least 10 days prior to such release or disclosure and to use its best efforts to assist the Company in maintaining the confidentiality provided for in this Article. 

E.        Any disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information shall comply with all state and federal statutes and regulations governing the disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information.  "Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information" shall be defined as this term or a similar term is defined in any applicable state, provincial, territory, or federal law.  Disclosing or using this information for any purpose not authorized by applicable law is expressly forbidden without the prior consent of the Company. 

F.        The parties agree that any information subject to privilege, including the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine (collectively "Privilege") shall not be disclosed to the Reinsurer until, in the Company's opinion, such Privilege is deemed to be waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.  Furthermore, the Reinsurer shall not assert that any Privilege otherwise applicable to the Confidential Information has been waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.   

G.        The provisions of this Article shall extend to the officers, directors and employees of the Reinsurer and its affiliates, and shall be binding upon their successors and assigns. 

Article 22 -   Non-Waiver 

The failure of the Company or Reinsurer to insist on compliance with this Contract or to exercise any right, remedy or option hereunder shall not:  (1) constitute a waiver of any rights contained in this Contract, (2) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from thereafter demanding full and complete compliance, (3) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from exercising such remedy in the future, nor (4)   affect the validity of this Contract or any part thereof. 

Article 23 -   Notices and Contract Execution 

A.        Whenever a notice, statement, report or any other written communication is required by this Contract, unless otherwise specified, such notice, statement, report or other written communication may be transmitted by certified or registered mail, nationally or internationally recognized express   delivery   service, personal delivery, electronic mail, or facsimile.    With the exception of notices of termination, first class mail is also acceptable. 

B.        The use of any of the following shall constitute a valid execution of this Contract   or any amendments thereto  : 

1.         Paper documents with an original ink signature; 

2.         Facsimile   or electronic   copies of paper documents showing an original ink signature; and/or 

3.         Electronic records with an electronic signature made via an electronic agent.  For the purposes of this Contract, the terms   "  electronic record,  "     "  electronic signature  "   and   "  electronic agent  "   shall have the meanings set forth in the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000   or any amendments thereto  . 

C.        This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when duly executed, shall be deemed an original. 

Article 24 -   Intermediary 

Aon Benfield Inc., or one of its affiliated corporations duly licensed as a reinsurance intermediary, is hereby recognized as the Intermediary negotiating this Contract for all business hereunder.  All communications (including but not limited to notices, statements, premiums, return premiums, commissions, taxes, losses, loss adjustment expense, salvages and loss settlements) relating to this Contract will be transmitted to the Company or the Reinsurer through the Intermediary.  Payments by the Company to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Reinsurer.  Payments by the Reinsurer to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Company only to the extent that such payments are actually received by the Company. 

In Witness Whereof  , the Company by its duly authorized representative has executed this Contract as of the date specified below: 

This ________________ day of ____________________________ in the year ____________. 

Federated National Insurance Company 

/s/ Michael H. Braun                      

/s/ signed by all participating reinsurers 

Schedule A 

Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

Original Contract  
					 
						 First     Excess  

Original Contract   Second     Excess  

Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit  

*****  

****  *  

Reinsurer's Term Limit  

*****  

*****  

Minimum Premium  

*****  

*****  

AAL  

*****  

*****  

Annual Deposit Premium  

*****  

*****  

Deposit Premium Installments  

*****  

*****  

Schedule   B 

Non-Florida Reinstatement Premium Protection 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

First   RPP  
					 
						 Layer  

Second   RPP  
					 
						 Layer  

Reinstatement Factor  

*****  

*****  

Annual Deposit Premium  

*****  

*****  

Deposit Premium Installments  

*****  

*****  

The figures listed above for each excess layer shall apply to each Subscribing Reinsurer 

in the percentage share for that excess layer as expressed in its 

Interests and Liabilities Agreement attached hereto. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 c996-20160930xex10_5.htm
 EX-10.5

Exhibit 105 Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance Contract Effective 070116 - Federated National

Reinstatement Premium Protection 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

_______________________ 

*****  Portions of this document omitted pursuant to an application for an order for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. Confidential portions of this document have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

First Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Chubb Tempest Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Hannover R ck SE**  

*%  

Horseshoe Re Limited     for and on behalf of Hudson Structured Capital Management Ltd.**  

*%  

Securis Re I Ltd. Bermuda  
					 
						        in respect of its segregated account designated "SRB105 Account"   **  

*%  

Securis Re IV Ltd. Bermuda  
					 
						        in respect of its segregated account designated "SRB405 Account"   **  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

Second Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Hannover R ck SE**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Collateralised Re Ltd.**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters Per Signing Page(s)**  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Third Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Chubb Tempest Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Hannover R ck SE**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Collateralised Re Ltd.**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters Per Signing Page(s)**  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

Fourth Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Collateralised Re Ltd.**  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

Fifth Reinstatement Premium Protection Reinsurance  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Collateralised Re Ltd.**  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Table of Contents 

Reinstatement Premium Protection 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

entered into by and between 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Company") 

and 

The Subscribing Reinsurer(s) Executing the 

Interests and Liabilities Agreement(s) 

Attached Hereto 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Reinsurer"  ) 

Article 1 -   Coverage 

By this Contract the Reinsurer agrees to indemnify   the Company for 100% of any   reinstatement premium which the Company pays or becomes liable to pay as a result of loss occurrences   covered   under   the   Company  '  s    Excess   Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract, effective   July 1, 2016   (hereinafter referr  ed to as the "Original Contract" and described in Schedule A attached hereto),   subject to the terms  ,   conditions   and limitations set forth herein and in Schedules A and B attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

Article 2 -   Commencement and Termination 

A.        This Contract shall become   effective   at 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016  , with respect to   reinstatement premium payable by the Company under the Original Contract as a result of   losses arising out of loss occurrences commencing   at   or after that   time and   date,   and shall remain in force until 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2017  . 

B.        Notwithstanding the provisions of   paragraph   A above, the Company may terminate a   Subscribing   Reinsurer  '  s percentage share in this Contract at any time by giving written notice to the Subscribing Reinsurer in the event any of the following circumstances occur: 

1.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer's accounting system)   at the inception of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) 12 months prior to that date; or 

2.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer's accounting system)   at any time during the term of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) at the date of the Subscribing Reinsurer's most recent financial  

statement filed with regulatory authorities and available to the public as of the inception of this Contract; or 

3.         The Subscribing Reinsurer  '  s A.M. Best  '  s rating has been assigned or downgraded below A- and/or Standard       Poor  '  s rating has been assigned or downgraded below BBB+; or 

4.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become, or has announced its intention to become,   merged   with, acquired by or controlled by any other entity or individual(s) not controlling the Subscribing Reinsurer's operations previously; or 

5.         A State Insurance Department or other legal authority has ordered the Subscribing   Reinsurer   to cease writing business; or 

6.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become insolvent or has been placed into liquidation,   receivership  , supervision, administration, winding-up or under a scheme of arrangement, or similar proceedings (whether voluntary or involuntary) or proceedings have been instituted against the Subscribing Reinsurer for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, supervisor, administrator, conservator or trustee in bankruptcy, or other agent known by whatever name, to take possession of its assets or control of its operations; or 

7.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has reinsured its entire liability under this Contract without the Company's prior written consent; or 

8.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has ceased assuming new or renewal property or casualty treaty reinsurance business; or 

9.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has hired an unaffiliated runoff claims manager that is compensated on a contingent basis or is otherwise provided with financial incentives based on the quantum of claims paid; or 

10.     The   Subscribing Reinsurer has failed to comply with the funding requirements set forth in the   Reserves   Article. 

C.        If this Contract is terminated or expires while a loss occurrence covered hereunder is in progress, the Reinsurer's liability hereunder shall, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Contract, be determined as if the entire loss occurrence had occurred prior to the termination or expiration of this Contract, provided that no part of such loss occurrence is claimed against any renewal or replacement of this Contract. 

Article 3 -   Concurrency of Conditions 

A.        I  t is agreed that this Contract   will follow the terms, conditions, exclusions, definitions, warranties a  nd settlements of the Company under the Original   Contract, which are not inconsistent with the provisions of th  is   Contract. 

B.        The   Company shall   advise the Reinsurer of any ma  terial changes in the Original Contract which may affect the l  iability of the Reinsurer under this   Contract  . 

Article 4 -   Premium 

A.        As premium for   the reinsurance coverage provided hereunder for each excess layer for the term of this Contract  , the Company shall pay the Reinsurer   the product of the following (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the term of this Contract is less than 12 months and for purposes of calculating subparagraph 3 below, the term of the Original Contract is a full 12 months):  

1.         The   amount  , shown as "Reinstatement Factor" for that excess layer in Schedule B attached hereto; times 

2.         The   Final Adjusted Rate on Line for the corresponding excess layer of the Original Contract; times 

3.         An amount equal to 100% reinsurance placement percentage under each excess   layer   of the Original Contract of the final adjusted premium paid by the Company for the corresponding excess layer of the Original Contract. 

"Final Adjusted Rate on Line" as used herein shall mean an amount equal to a 100% reinsurance placement percentage under each excess layer of the Original Contract of the final adjusted premium paid by the Company for the corresponding excess layer of the Original Contract divided by the amount, shown as the "Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit" for that excess layer under the Original Contract in Schedule A attached hereto. 

B.        The Company shall pay the Reinsurer a deposit premium for each excess layer of the amount, shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule B attached hereto, in four equal installments of the amount, shown as "Deposit Premium Installment" for that excess layer in Schedule B attached hereto, on July 1 and October 1 of 2016, and January 1 and April 1 of 2017.  However, in the event this Contract is terminated, there shall be no deposit premium installments due after the effective date of termination. 

C.        As soon as possible after the termination or expiration of this Contract, the Company shall provide a report to the Reinsurer setting forth the premium due hereunder for each excess layer for the term of this Contract, computed in accordance with paragraph A, and any additional premium due the Reinsurer or return premium due the Company for each such excess layer shall be remitted promptly. 

Article 5 -   Sanctions 

Neither the Company nor any Subscribing Reinsurer shall be liable for premium or loss under this Contract if it would result in a violation of any mandatory sanction, prohibition or restriction under United Nations resolutions or the trade or economic sanctions, laws or regulations of the European Union, United Kingdom or United States of America that are applicable to either party. 

Article 6 -   Loss Notices and Settlements 

A.        Whenever reinstatement premium settlements made by the Company under     the   Original     Contract   appear likely to result in a claim hereunder, the Company shall notify the Reinsurer.  The   Company will   advise   the Reinsurer   of all subsequent developments relating to such claims   that  , in the opinion of the Company, may materially affect the position of the Reinsurer. 

B.        All reinstatement premium settlements made by the Company under   the   Original   Contract,   provided   they are within the terms of the   Original   Contract and within the terms of this Contract, shall be binding upon the Reinsurer, and the Reinsurer agrees to pay all amounts for which it may be liable   within 10 days of   receipt of reasonable evidence of the amount paid (or scheduled to be paid) by the Company. 

Article 7 -   Late Payments 

A.        The provisions of this Article shall not be implemented unless specifically invoked, in writing, by one of the parties to this Contract. 

B.        In the event any premium, loss or other payment due either party is not received by the intermediary named in the Intermediary Article (hereinafter referred to as the "Intermediary") by the payment due date, the party to whom payment is due may, by notifying the Intermediary in writing, require the debtor party to pay, and the debtor party agrees to pay, an interest charge on the amount past due calculated for each such payment on the last business day of each month as follows: 

1.         The number of full days which have expired since the due date or the last monthly calculation, whichever the lesser; times 

2.         1/365ths of the   six-month United States Treasury Bill rate     as quoted in   The Wall Street Journal   on the first business day of the month for which the calculation is made; times 

3.         The amount past due, including accrued interest. 

It is agreed that interest shall accumulate until payment of the original amount due plus interest charges have been received by the Intermediary. 

C.        The establishment of the due date shall, for purposes of this Article, be determined as follows: 

1.         As respects the payment of routine deposits and premiums due the Reinsurer, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 30 days after the date of transmittal by the Intermediary of the initial billing for each such payment. 

2.         Any claim or loss payment due the Company hereunder shall be deemed due 10 days after the proof of loss or demand for payment is transmitted to the Reinsurer.  If such loss or claim payment is not received within the 10 days, interest will accrue on the  

payment or amount overdue in accordance with paragraph B above, from the date the proof of loss or demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

3.         As respects any payment, adjustment or return due either party not otherwise provided for in subparagraphs 1 and 2 of this paragraph C, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 10 days following transmittal of written notification that the provisions of this Article have been invoked. 

For purposes of interest calculations only, amounts due hereunder shall be deemed paid upon receipt by the Intermediary. 

D.        Nothing herein shall be construed as limiting or prohibiting a Subscribing Reinsurer from contesting the validity of any claim, or from participating in the defense of any claim or suit, or prohibiting either party from contesting the validity of any payment or from initiating any arbitration or other proceeding in accordance with the provisions of this Contract.  If the debtor party prevails in an arbitration or other proceeding, then any interest charges due hereunder on the amount in dispute shall be null and void.  If the debtor party loses in such proceeding, then the interest charge on the amount determined to be due hereunder shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth above unless otherwise determined by such proceedings.  If a debtor party advances payment of any amount it is contesting, and proves to be correct in its contestation, either in whole or in part, the other party shall reimburse the debtor party for any such excess payment made plus interest on the excess amount calculated in accordance with this Article. 

E.        Interest charges arising out of the application of this Article that are $1,000 or less from any party shall be waived unless there is a pattern of late payments consisting of three or more items over the course of any 12-month period. 

Article 8 -   Offset 

The Company and the Reinsurer may offset any balance or amount due from one party to the other under this Contract or any other contract heretofore or hereafter entered into between the Company and the Reinsurer, whether acting as assuming reinsurer or ceding company.  The provisions of this Article shall not be affected by the insolvency of either party. 

Article 9 -   Access to Records 

The Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall have access at any reasonable time to all records of the Company which pertain in any way to this reinsurance, provided the Reinsurer gives the Company at least 15 days prior notice of request for such access.  However, a Subscribing   Reinsurer   or its designated representatives   shall not have any right of access to the   records of the Company   if it is not current in all und  isputed payments due the Company.  "Undisputed" as used herein shall mean any amount that the Subscribing Reinsurer has not contested in writing to the Company specifying the reason(s) why the payments are disputed. 

Article 10 -   Errors and Omissions (BRMA 14F) 

Inadvertent delays, errors or omissions made in connection with this Contract or any transaction hereunder shall not relieve either party from any liability which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not occurred, provided always that such error or omission is rectified as soon as possible after discovery. 

Article 11 -   Currency (BRMA 12A) 

A.        Whenever the word "Dollars" or the "$" sign appears in this Contract, they shall be construed to mean United States Dollars and all transactions under this Contract shall be in United States Dollars. 

B.        Amounts paid or received by the Company in any other currency shall be converted to United States Dollars at the rate of exchange at the date such transaction is entered on the books of the Company. 

Article 12 -   Taxes (BRMA 50B) 

In consideration of the terms under which this Contract is issued, the Company will not claim a deduction in respect of the premium hereon when making tax returns, other than income or profits tax returns, to any state or territory of the United States of America or the District of Columbia. 

Article 13 -   Federal Excise Tax   (BRMA 17D) 

A.        The Reinsurer has agreed to allow for the purpose of paying the Federal Excise Tax the applicable percentage of the premium payable hereon (as imposed under Section 4371 of the Internal Revenue Code) to the extent such premium is subject to the Federal Excise Tax. 

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder the Reinsurer will deduct the applicable percentage from the return premium payable hereon and the Company or its agent should take steps to recover the tax from the United States Government. 

Article 14 -   Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 

A.        To the extent the Reinsurer is subject to the deduction and withholding of premium payable hereon as set forth in the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (Sections 1471-1474 of the Internal Revenue Code), the Reinsurer shall allow such deduction and withholding from the premium payable under this Contract.  

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder, the return premium shall be determined and paid in full without regard to any amounts deducted or withheld under paragraph A of this Article.  In the event the Company or its agent recovers such premium  

deductions and withholdings on the return premium from the United States Government, the Company or its agent shall reimburse the Reinsurer for such amounts. 

Article 15 -   Reserves 

A.        The Reinsurer agrees to fund its share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Company's ceded unearned premium and outstanding loss reserves (being the sum of all reinstatement premiums paid by the Company under the Original Contract but not yet recovered from the Reinsurer, plus the Company's reserves for reinstatement premium due under the Original Contract, if any) (hereinafter referred to as "Reinsurer's Obligations") by: 

1.         Clean, irrevocable and unconditional letters of credit issued and confirmed, if confirmation is required by the insurance regulatory authorities involved, by a bank or banks meeting the NAIC Securities Valuation Office credit standards for issuers of letters of credit and acceptable to said insurance regulatory authorities; and/or 

2.         Escrow accounts for the benefit of the Company; and/or 

3.         Cash advances; 

if the Reinsurer: 

1  .         Is unauthorized in any state of the United States of America or the District of Columbia having jurisdiction over the Company and if, without such funding, a penalty would accrue to the Company on any financial statement it is required to file with the insurance regulatory authorities involved; or 

2.         Has an A.M. Best Company's rating equal to or below B++ at the inception of this Contract. 

The Reinsurer, at its sole option, may fund in other than cash if its method and form of funding are acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities involved. 

B.        With regard to funding in whole or in part by letters of credit, it is agreed that each letter of credit will be in a form acceptable to insurance regulatory authorities involved, will be issued for a term of at least one year and will include an "evergreen clause," which automatically extends the term for at least one additional year at each expiration date unless written notice of non-renewal is given to the Company not less than 30 days prior to said expiration date.  The Company and the Reinsurer further agree, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Contract, that said letters of credit may be drawn upon by the Company or its successors in interest at any time, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or the Reinsurer, but only for one or more of the following purposes: 

1.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer  '  s share of unearned premiums returned to insureds on account of policy cancellations, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

2.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of reinstatement premiums paid by the Company under the terms of the Original Contract, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

3.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of any other amounts claimed to be due hereunder, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

4.         To fund a cash account in an amount equal to the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including, but not limited to, the Reinsurer's Obligations as set forth above, funded by means of a letter of credit which is under non-renewal notice, if said letter of credit has not been renewed or replaced by the Reinsurer 10 days prior to its expiration date; 

5.         To refund to the Reinsurer any sum in excess of the actual amount required to fund the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Reinsurer's Obligations as set forth above, if so requested by the Reinsurer. 

In the event the amount drawn by the Company on any letter of credit is in excess of the actual amount required for B(1), B(2) or B(4), or in the case of B(3), the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. 

Article 16 -   Insolvency 

A.        In the event of the insolvency of the Company, this reinsurance shall be payable directly to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor on the basis of the liability of the Company without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or because the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company has failed to pay all or a portion of any claim.  It is agreed, however, that the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the Company indicating the policy or bond reinsured which claim would involve a possible liability on the part of the Reinsurer within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the conservation or liquidation proceeding or in the receivership, and that during the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defense or defenses that it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor.  The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to the approval of the Court, against the Company as part of the expense of conservation or liquidation to the extent of a pro rata share of the benefit which may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer. 

B.        Where two or more   Subscribing Reinsurers   are involved in the same claim and a majority in interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be apportioned in accordance with the terms of this Contract as though such expense had been incurred by the Company. 

C.        It is further understood and agreed that, in the event of the insolvency of the Company, the reinsurance under this Contract shall be payable directly by the Reinsurer to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver or statutory successor, except as provided by Section 4118(a) of the New York Insurance Law or except (1) where this Contract specifically provides another payee of such reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the Company or (2) where the Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insured or insureds has assumed such policy  

obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such policies and in substitution for the obligations of the Company to such payees. 

Article 17 -   Arbitration 

A.        As a condition precedent to any right of action hereunder, in the event of any dispute or difference of opinion hereafter arising with respect to this Contract, it is hereby mutually agreed that such dispute or difference of opinion shall be submitted to arbitration.  One Arbiter shall be chosen by the Company, the other by the Reinsurer, and an Umpire shall be chosen by the two Arbiters before they enter upon arbitration, all of whom shall be active or retired disinterested executive officers of insurance or reinsurance companies or Lloyd's London Underwriters.  In the event that either party should fail to choose an Arbiter within 30 days following a written request by the other party to do so, the requesting party may choose two Arbiters who shall in turn choose an Umpire before entering upon arbitration.  If the two Arbiters fail to agree upon the selection of an Umpire within 30 days following their appointment, each Arbiter shall nominate three candidates within 10 days thereafter, two of whom the other shall decline, and the decision shall be made by drawing lots. 

B.        Each party shall present its case to the Arbiters within 30 days following the date of appointment of the Umpire.  The Arbiters shall consider this Contract as an honorable engagement rather than merely as a legal obligation and they are relieved of all judicial formalities and may abstain from following the strict rules of law.  The decision of the Arbiters shall be final and binding on both parties; but failing to agree, they shall call in the Umpire and the decision of the majority shall be final and binding upon both parties.  Judgment upon the final decision of the Arbiters may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

C.        If more than one   Subscribing Reinsurer   is involved in the same dispute, all such   Subscribing Reinsurers   shall, at the option of the Company, constitute and act as one party for purposes of this Article and communications shall be made by the Company to each of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   constituting one party, provided, however, that nothing herein shall impair the rights of such   Subscribing Reinsurers   to assert several, rather than joint, defenses or claims, nor be construed as changing the liability of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   participating under the terms of this Contract from several to joint. 

D.        Each party shall bear the expense of its own Arbiter, and shall jointly and equally bear with the other the expense of the Umpire and of the arbitration.  In the event that the two Arbiters are chosen by one party, as above provided, the expense of the Arbiters, the Umpire and the arbitration shall be equally divided between the two parties. 

E.        Any arbitration proceedings shall take place at a location mutually agreed upon by the parties to this Contract, but notwithstanding the location of the arbitration, all proceedings pursuant hereto shall be governed by the law of the state in which the Company has its principal office. 

Article 18 -   Service of Suit (BRMA 49C) 

(Applicable if the Reinsurer is not domiciled in the United States of America, and/or is not authorized in any State, Territory or District of the United States where authorization is required by insurance regulatory authorities) 

A.        It is agreed that in the event the Reinsurer fails to pay any amount claimed to be due hereunder, the Reinsurer, at the request of the Company, will submit to the jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction within the United States.  Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to constitute a waiver of the Reinsurer's rights to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove an action to a United States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another court as permitted by the laws of the United States or of any state in the United States. 

B.        Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the United States which makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer hereby designates the party named in its Interests and Liabilities Agreement, or if no party is named therein, the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or successors in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Contract. 

Article 19 -   Severability (BRMA 72E) 

If any provision of this Contract shall be rendered illegal or unenforceable by the laws, regulations or public policy of any state, such provision shall be considered void in such state, but this shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Contract or the enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Article 20 -   Governing Law (BRMA 71B) 

This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. 

Article 21 -   Confidentiality 

A.        The Reinsurer hereby acknowledges that the documents, information and data provided to it by the Company, whether directly or through an authorized agent, in connection with the placement and execution of this Contract, including all information obtained through any audits and any claims information between the Company and the Reinsurer, and any submission or other materials relating to any renewal (hereinafter referred to as "Confidential Information") are proprietary and confidential to the Company.   

B.        Except as provided for in paragraph C below, the Reinsurer shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third parties, including but not limited to the Reinsurer's subsidiaries and affiliates, other insurance companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates,  

underwriting agencies, research organizations, any unaffiliated entity engaged in modeling insurance or reinsurance data, and statistical rating organizations.   

C.        Confidential Information may be used by the Reinsurer only in connection with the performance of its obligations or enforcement of its rights under this Contract and will only be disclosed when required by (1) retrocessionaires subject to the business ceded to this Contract, (2) regulators performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records and/or financial condition, or (3) external auditors performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records in the normal course of business; provided that the Reinsurer advises such parties of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and their obligation to maintain its confidentiality.  The Reinsurer shall be responsible for any breach of this provision by any third-party representatives of the Reinsurer.  The Company requires that any third-party representatives of the Reinsurer agree, in writing, to be bound by this Confidentiality Article or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, containing terms no less stringent than those set forth in this Article. 

D.        Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the Reinsurer is required by court order, other legal process or any regulatory authority to release or disclose any or all of the Confidential Information, the Reinsurer agrees to provide the Company with written notice of same at least 10 days prior to such release or disclosure and to use its best efforts to assist the Company in maintaining the confidentiality provided for in this Article. 

E.        Any disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information shall comply with all state and federal statutes and regulations governing the disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information.  "Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information" shall be defined as this term or a similar term is defined in any applicable state, provincial, territory, or federal law.  Disclosing or using this information for any purpose not authorized by applicable law is expressly forbidden without the prior consent of the Company. 

F.        The parties agree that any information subject to privilege, including the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine (collectively "Privilege") shall not be disclosed to the Reinsurer until, in the Company's opinion, such Privilege is deemed to be waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.  Furthermore, the Reinsurer shall not assert that any Privilege otherwise applicable to the Confidential Information has been waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.   

G.        The provisions of this Article shall extend to the officers, directors and employees of the Reinsurer and its affiliates, and shall be binding upon their successors and assigns. 

Article 22 -   Non-Waiver 

The failure of the Company or Reinsurer to insist on compliance with this Contract or to exercise any right, remedy or option hereunder shall not:  (1) constitute a waiver of any rights contained in this Contract, (2) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from thereafter demanding full and complete compliance, (3) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from exercising such remedy in the future, nor (4)   affect the validity of this Contract or any part thereof. 

Article 23 -   Notices and Contract Execution 

A.        Whenever a notice, statement, report or any other written communication is required by this Contract, unless otherwise specified, such notice, statement, report or other written communication may be transmitted by certified or registered mail, nationally or internationally recognized express   delivery   service, personal delivery, electronic mail, or facsimile.    With the exception of notices of termination, first class mail is also acceptable. 

B.        The use of any of the following shall constitute a valid execution of this Contract   or any amendments thereto  : 

1.         Paper documents with an original ink signature; 

2.         Facsimile   or electronic   copies of paper documents showing an original ink signature; and/or 

3.         Electronic records with an electronic signature made via an electronic agent.  For the purposes of this Contract, the terms   "  electronic record,  "     "  electronic signature  "   and   "  electronic agent  "   shall have the meanings set forth in the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000   or any amendments thereto  . 

C.        This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when duly executed, shall be deemed an original. 

Article 24 -   Intermediary 

Aon Benfield Inc., or one of its affiliated corporations duly licensed as a reinsurance intermediary, is hereby recognized as the Intermediary negotiating this Contract for all business hereunder.  All communications (including but not limited to notices, statements, premiums, return premiums, commissions, taxes, losses, loss adjustment expense, salvages and loss settlements) relating to this Contract will be transmitted to the Company or the Reinsurer through the Intermediary.  Payments by the Company to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Reinsurer.  Payments by the Reinsurer to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Company only to the extent that such payments are actually received by the Company. 

In Witness Whereof  , the Company by its duly authorized representative has executed this Contract as of the date specified below: 

This ________________ day of ____________________________ in the year ____________. 

Federated National Insurance Company 

/s/ Michael H. Braun            /s/ signed by all participating reinsurers 

Schedule A 

Reinstatement Premium Protection 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

Original  
					 
						 Contract  
					 
						 First  
					 
						 Excess  

Original Contract   Second  
					 
						 Excess  

Original Contract   Third  
					 
						 Excess  

Original Contract Fourth  
					 
						 Excess  

Original Contract   
					 
						 Fifth  
					 
						 Excess  

Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Reinsurer's Term Limit  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Minimum Premium  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

AAL  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Annual Deposit Premium  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Deposit Premium Installments  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Schedule   B 

Reinstatement Premium Protection 

Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

First     
					 
						 RPP Layer  

Second     
					 
						 RPP Layer  

Third     
					 
						 RPP Layer  

Fourth   
					 
						 RPP Layer  

Fifth  
					 
						 RPP Layer  

Reinstatement Factor  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Annual Deposit Premium  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Deposit Premium Installments  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

The figures listed above for each excess layer shall apply to each Subscribing Reinsurer 

in the percentage share for that excess layer as expressed in its 

Interests and Liabilities Agreement attached hereto. 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 c996-20160930xex10_6.htm
 EX-10.6

Exhibit 106 Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract Effective 070116 - Federated National Insurance Comp

Excess   Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

_______________________  

*****  Portions of this document omitted pursuant to an application for an order for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. Confidential portions of this document have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

_______________________  

*****  Portions of this document omitted pursuant to an application for an order for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. Confidential portions of this document have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

First Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Aeolus Re Ltd. in respect of Keystone Segregated Account**  

*%  

Arch Reinsurance Ltd.  

*%  

Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Hamilton Re, Ltd.  

*%  

RLI Insurance Company  

*%  

Tokio Millennium Re AG, Bermuda Branch (Securis Investments Business)  

*%  

Transatlantic Reinsurance Company  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation**  

*%  

General Insurance Corporation of India**  

*%  

MS Amlin AG Bermuda Branch**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters Per Signing Page(s)**  

*%  

Total  

*%  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Second Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Arch Reinsurance Ltd.  

*%  

Ariel Re Bda Limited     for and on behalf of Ariel Syndicate No. 1910  

*%  

Chubb Tempest Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

DaVinci Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Fidelis Insurance Bermuda Limited  

*%  

Hamilton Re, Ltd.  

*%  

Hiscox Insurance Company (Bermuda) Limited  

*%  

Partner Reinsurance Company Ltd.  

*%  

Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

The Cincinnati Insurance Company  

*%  

Transatlantic Reinsurance Company  

*%  

XL Bermuda Ltd  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Ascot Underwriting (Bermuda) Limited     for and on behalf of American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd.**  

*%  

China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation**  

*%  

General Insurance Corporation of India**  

*%  

Liberty Syndicates LIB 4472, Paris Office Underwriting for and on behalf of     Lloyd's Syndicate No. 4472**  

*%  

MS Amlin AG Bermuda Branch**  

*%  

Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited     for and on behalf of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters and Companies**  
					 
						   Per Signing Page(s)  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Third Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Allied World Assurance Company, Ltd  

*%  

Argo Re Ltd.  

*%  

Ariel Re Bda Limited     or and on behalf of Ariel Syndicate No. 1910  

*%  

Aspen Bermuda Limited  

*%  

Endurance Specialty Insurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Fidelis Insurance Bermuda Limited  

*%  

Hamilton Re, Ltd.  

*%  

Odyssey Reinsurance Company  

*%  

QBE Reinsurance Corporation  

*%  

The Cincinnati Insurance Company  

*%  

XL Bermuda Ltd  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Ascot Underwriting (Bermuda) Limited     for and on behalf of American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd.**  

*%  

China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation**  

*%  

General Insurance Corporation of India**  

*%  

Liberty Syndicates LIB 4472, Paris Office Underwriting for and on behalf of     Lloyd's Syndicate No. 4472**  

*%  

MS Amlin AG Bermuda Branch**  

*%  

Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited     for and on behalf of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters and Companies**  
					 
						   Per Signing Page(s)  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Fourth Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Allied World Assurance Company, Ltd  

*%  

American Agricultural Insurance Company  

*%  

Arch Reinsurance Ltd.  

*%  

Aspen Bermuda Limited  

*%  

BGS Services (Bermuda) Limited      for and on behalf of Lloyd's Syndicate No. 2987  

*%  

Chubb Tempest Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Fidelis Insurance Bermuda Limited  

*%  

Hamilton Re, Ltd.  

*%  

Odyssey Reinsurance Company  

*%  

Qatar Reinsurance Company Limited  

*%  

QBE Reinsurance Corporation  

*%  

Transatlantic Reinsurance Company  

*%  

XL Bermuda Ltd  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Ascot Underwriting (Bermuda) Limited     for and on behalf of American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd.**  

*%  

China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation**  

*%  

Fubon Insurance Co., Ltd.**  

*%  

General Insurance Corporation of India**  

*%  

Liberty Syndicates LIB 4472, Paris Office Underwriting for and on behalf of     Lloyd's Syndicate No. 4472**  

*%  

MS Amlin AG Bermuda Branch**  

*%  

Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited      for and on behalf of Taiping Reinsurance Co. Ltd.**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited     for and on behalf of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters and Companies**  
					 
						    Per Signing Page(s)  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Fifth Excess Catastrophe  

Reinsurer(s)  

Participation(s)  

Allied World Assurance Company, Ltd  

*%  

Arch Reinsurance Ltd.  

*%  

Chubb Tempest Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

DaVinci Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Fidelis Insurance Bermuda Limited  

*%  

Odyssey Reinsurance Company  

*%  

Partner Reinsurance Company Ltd.  

*%  

Qatar Reinsurance Company Limited  

*%  

Renaissance Reinsurance Ltd.**  

*%  

Swiss Reinsurance America Corporation     By: Swiss Re Underwriters Agency Inc., its authorized representative**  

*%  

Transatlantic Reinsurance Company  

*%  

XL Bermuda Ltd  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield (Placement Only)  

Ascot Underwriting (Bermuda) Limited     for and on behalf of American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd.**  

*%  

China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation**  

*%  

Liberty Syndicates LIB 4472, Paris Office Underwriting for and on behalf of     Lloyd's Syndicate No. 4472**  

*%  

MS Amlin AG Bermuda Branch**  

*%  

Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited      for and on behalf of Taiping Reinsurance Co. Ltd.**  

*%  

Pioneer Underwriting Limited    for and on behalf of Peak Reinsurance Company Limited**  

*%  

Through Aon UK Limited trading as Aon Benfield  

Lloyd's Underwriters Per Signing Page(s)**  

*%  

Total  

*  %  

**Both the Company and the   Subscribing Reinsurer   sign the   Interest  s and Liabilities Agreement  . 

Table of Contents 

Excess Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract 

Effective: July 1, 2016 

entered into by and between  

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise,   Florida 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Company") 

and 

The Subscribing Reinsurer(s) Executing the 

Interests and Liabilities Agreement(s) 

Attached Hereto 

(  hereinafter referred to as the   "Reinsurer"  ) 

Article 1 -   Classes of Business Reinsured 

By this Contract the Reinsurer agrees to reinsure the excess liability which may accrue to the Company under its policies in force at the effective time and date hereof or issued or renewed at or after that time and date, and classified by the Company as Property business, including but not limited to, Dwelling Fire, Inland Marine, Mobile Home, Commercial and Homeowners business (including any business assumed from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation), subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein and in Schedule A attached hereto. 

Article 2 -   Commencement and Termination 

A.        This Contract shall become   effective   at 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016  , with respect to losses arising out of loss occurrences commencing   at   or after that   time and   date,   and shall remain in force until 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July   1,   2017  . 

B.        Notwithstanding   the   provisions of   paragraph   A above, the Company may terminate a Subscribing Reinsurer  '  s percentage share in this Contract at any time by giving written notice to the Subscribing Reinsurer in the event any of the following circumstances occur: 

1  .         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the Subscribing Reinsurer's accounting system)   at the inception of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) 12 months prior to that date; or 

2.         The Subscribing Reinsurer's policyholders' surplus   (or its equivalent under the   Subscribing   Reinsurer's accounting system)   at any time during the term of this Contract has been reduced by 20.0% or more of the amount of surplus (or the applicable equivalent) at the date of the Subscribing Reinsurer's most recent financial  

statement filed with regulatory authorities and available to the public as of the inception of this Contract; or 

3.         The Subscribing Reinsurer  '  s A.M. Best  '  s rating has been assigned or downgra  ded below A- and/or Standard     Poor  '  s rating has been assigned or downgraded below BBB+; or 

4.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become, or has announced its intention to become, merged with, acquired by or controlled by any other entity or individual(s) not controlling the Subscribing Reinsurer's operations previously;   or 

5.         A State Insurance Department or other legal authority has ordered the Subscribing Reinsurer to cease writing business; or 

6.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has become insolvent or has been placed into   liquidation, receivership, supervision, administration, winding-up or under a scheme of arrangement, or similar proceedings (whether voluntary or involuntary) or proceedings   have been instituted against the Subscribing Reinsurer for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, supervisor, administrator,   conservator or trustee in bankruptcy, or other agent known by whatever name, to take possession of its assets or control of its operations; or 

7.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has reinsured its entire liability under this Contract without the Company's prior written consent; or 

8.         The Subscribing Reinsurer has ceased assuming new or renewal property or casualty treaty reinsurance business; or 

9.         The   Subscribing Reinsurer has hired an unaffiliated runoff claims manager that is compensated on a contingent basis or is otherwise provided with financial incentives based on the quantum of claims paid; or 

10.     The   S  ubscribing Reinsurer has failed to comply with the funding requirements set forth in the   Reserves   Article. 

C.        The   "  term of this Contract  "   as used herein shall mean the period from   12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016   to   12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2017  .  However, if this Contract is terminated, the   "  term of this Contract  "   as used herein shall mean the period from   12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, July 1, 2016   to the effective   time and date of termination  . 

D.        If this Contract is terminated or expires while a loss occurrence covered hereunder is in progress, the Reinsurer's liability hereunder shall, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Contract, be determined as if the entire loss occurrence had occurred prior to the termination or expiration of this Contract, provided that no part of such loss occurrence is claimed against any renewal or replacement of this Contract. 

Article 3 -   Territory 

The territorial limits of this Contract shall be identical with those of the Company's policies. 

Article 4 -   Exclusions 

A.        This Contract does not apply to and specifically excludes the following: 

1.         Reinsurance assumed by the Company under obligatory reinsurance agreements, except     business assumed by the Company from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation. 

2.         Hail damage to growing or standing crops. 

3.         Business rated, coded or classified as Flood insurance or which should have been rated, coded or classified as such. 

4.         Business rated, coded or classified as Mortgage Impairment and Difference in Conditions insurance or which should have been rated, coded or classified as such. 

5.         Title insurance and all forms of Financial Guarantee, Credit and Insolvency. 

6.         Aviation, Ocean Marine, Boiler and Machinery, Fidelity and Surety, Accident and Health, Animal Mortality and Workers Compensation and Employers Liability. 

7.         Errors and Omissions, Malpractice and any other type of Professional Liability insurance.  

8.         Loss and/or damage and/or costs and/or expenses arising from seepage and/or pollution and/or contamination, other than contamination from smoke.  Nevertheless, this exclusion does not preclude payment of the cost of removing debris of property damaged by a loss otherwise covered hereunder, subject always to a limit of 25.0% of the Company's property loss under the applicable original policy. 

9.         Loss or liability as excluded under the provisions of the "War Exclusion Clause" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

10.     Nuclear risks as defined in the "Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance (U.S.A.)" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

11.     Loss or liability excluded   by the   Pools, Associations   and Syndicates Exclusion Clause (Catastrophe)   attached to and forming part of this Contrac  t    and any assessment or similar demand for payment related to the FHCF or Citizens Property Insurance Corporation  . 

12.     Loss or liability of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or otherwise, from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or involuntary, in any insolvency fund.  "Insolvency fund" includes any guaranty fund, insolvency fund, plan, pool, association, fund or other arrangement, however denominated, established or  

governed, which provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company of part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation of an insurer, or its successors or assigns, which has been declared by any competent authority to be insolvent, or which is otherwise deemed unable to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligation in whole or in part. 

13.     Losses   in the respect of overhead transmission and distribution lines other than those on or within 150 meters (or 500 feet) of the insured premises. 

14.     Mold, unless resulting from a peril otherwise covered under the policy involved. 

15.     Loss or liability as excluded under the provisions of the "Terrorism Exclusion" attached to and forming part of this Contract. 

16.     All property loss, damage, destruction, erasure, corruption or alteration of Electronic Data from any cause whatsoever (including, but not limited to, Computer Virus) or loss of use, reduction in functionality, cost, expense or whatsoever nature resulting therefrom, unless resulting from a peril otherwise covered under the policy involved. 

"Electronic Data" as used herein means facts, concepts and information converted to a form usable for communications, interpretation or processing by electronic and electromechanical data processing or electronically-controlled equipment and includes programs, software and other coded instructions for the processing and manipulation of data or the direction and manipulation of such equipment.  

"Computer Virus" as used herein means a set of corrupting, harmful or otherwise unauthorized instructions or code, including a set of maliciously-introduced, unauthorized instructions or code, that propagate themselves through a computer system network of whatsoever nature. 

However, in the event that a peril otherwise covered under the policy results from any of the matters described above, this Contract, subject to all other terms and conditions, will cover physical damage directly caused by such listed peril. 

Article 5 -   Retention and Limit 

A.        The Company shall retain and be liable for the first $  20,500,000   of ultimate net loss arising out of each loss occurrence.  The Reinsurer shall then be liable, as respects each excess layer  , for the amount by which such u  ltimate   n  et   l  oss exceeds the Company's retention, but the liability of the Reinsurer under each excess layer shall not exceed the amount, shown as "Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit" for that excess layer in Schedule A attach  ed hereto, as respects any one l  oss   o  ccurrence. 

Whether a loss occurrence results in an ultimate net loss under one or more of the excess layers set forth in Schedule A attached hereto, the Company's retention will not exceed the first $  20,500,000   of ultimate net loss arising out of such loss occurrence. 

B.        Recoveries shall always be made, in the first instance, under the lowest excess layer that is not entirely exhausted.  If there is any amount of ultimate net loss arising out of a loss  

occurrence in excess of the Company's retention under the lowest excess layer that has not been recovered thereunder, such amount shall be recovered under the next or subsequent excess layer or layers, as appropriate.      Recoveries under each excess layer set forth in Schedule A attached to and forming part of this Contract shall inure as follows: 

1.         Recoveries under the First Excess layer shall inure to the benefit of the Second Excess layer;  

2.         Recoveries under the First and Second Excess layers shall inure to the benefit of the Third Excess layer; and 

3.         Recoveries under the First, Second and Third Excess layers shall inure to the benefit of the Fourth Excess layer. 

4.         Recoveries under the First, Second, Third and Fourth Excess layers shall inure to the benefit of the Fifth Excess layer. 

It is understood, however, that any fully exhausted excess layer or the exhausted portion of any excess layer shall no longer inure to the benefit of any subsequent excess layer(s). 

C.        Notwithstanding the provisions above, no claim shall be made hereunder as respects losses arising out of loss occurrences commencing during the term of this Contract unless at least two risks insured or reinsured by the Company are involved in such loss occurrence.  For purposes hereof, the Company shall be the sole judge of what constitutes "one risk." 

Article 6 -   Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund 

The Company has purchased 75.0% of the FHCF mandatory layer of coverage and   shall be deemed to inure to the benefit of this Contract.  Further, any FHCF loss reimbursement shall be deemed to be paid to the Company in accordance with the FHCF reimbursement contract at the full payout level set forth therein and will be deemed not to be reduced by any reduction or exhaustion of the FHCF  '  s claims-paying capacity as respects the mandatory FHCF coverage. 

Article 7 -   Other Reinsurance 

A.        The Company shall be permitted to carry   other reinsurance  , recoveries under which shall inure solely to the benefit of the Company and be entirely disregarded in applying all of the provisions of this Contract. 

B.        A  ny loss reimbursement   received   under the Company's   FHCF Supplement Layer   Reinsurance   Contract   (16\F7V1085), which shall be deemed to be placed at 15.0%,   shall be deemed to inure to the benefit of this Contract  .                                                                 

Article 8 -   Reinstatement 

A.        In the event all or any portion of the reinsurance under any excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract is exhausted by ultimate net loss, the amount so exhausted shall be reinstated immediately from the time the loss occurrence commences hereon.  For each amount so reinstated the Company agrees to pay additional premium equal to the product of the following: 

1.         The percentage of the occurrence limit for the excess layer reinstated (based on the   ultimate net loss   paid by the Reinsurer under that excess layer); times 

2.         The earned reinsurance premium for the excess layer reinstated for the term of this Contract (exclusive of reinstatement premium). 

B.        Whenever the Company requests payment by the Reinsurer of any   ultimate net loss   under any excess layer hereunder, the Company shall submit a statement to the Reinsurer of reinstatement premium due the Reinsurer for that excess layer.  If the earned reinsurance premium for any excess layer for the term of this Contract has not been finally determined as of the date of any such statement, the calculation of reinstatement premium due for that excess layer shall be based on the amount, shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, and shall be readjusted when the earned reinsurance premium for that excess layer for the term of this Contract has been finally determined.  Any reinstatement premium shown to be due the Reinsurer for any excess layer as reflected by any such statement (less prior payments, if any, for that excess layer) shall be payable by the Company concurrently with payment by the Reinsurer of the requested   ultimate net loss   for that excess layer.  Any return reinstatement premium shown to be due the Company shall be remitted by the Reinsurer as promptly as possible after receipt and verification of the Company's statement. 

C.        Notwithstanding anything stated herein, the liability of the Reinsurer     for ultimate net loss   un  d  er any excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract shall not exceed either of the following: 

1.         T  he amount, shown as   "  Reinsurer  '  s Per Occurrence Limit  "   for that excess layer in   Schedule   A attached hereto, as respects loss or losses arising out of any one loss occurrence; or 

2.         T  he amount, shown as   "  Reinsurer  '  s    Term   Limit  "   for that excess layer in   Schedule   A attached hereto, in all during the term of this Contract. 

Article 9 -   Definition  s 

A.        "Loss a  djustment   e  xpense,  "   regardless of how such expenses are classified for statutory reporting purposes, as used   in this Contract   shall mean all costs and expenses allocable to a   specific   claim that are incurred by the Company in the investigation, appraisal, adjustment, settlement, litigation, defense or appeal of a specific claim, including court costs and costs of supersedeas and appeal bonds, and including   a)   pre-judgment interest, unless included as part of the award or judgment;   b)   post-judgment interest;   c)   legal expenses and costs incurred in connection with coverage questions and legal actions  

connected thereto, including Declaratory Judgment Expense;   and d) expenses and   a pro rata share of salaries of the Company field employees, and expenses of other Company employees who have been temporarily diverted from their normal and customary duties and assigned to the field adjustment of losses covered by this Contract  . 

Loss   a  djustment   e  xpense as defined above does   not include unallocated loss a  djustment expense  .    Unallocated loss adjustment expense includes, but is not limited to, salaries and expenses of employees, other than in   (d)   above, and office and other overhead expenses. 

B.        "Loss in excess of policy limits" and "extra contractual obligations" as   used   in this Contract   shall mean  : 

1.         "  Loss in excess of policy limits  "   shall mean   90.0%   of any amount paid or payable by the Company in excess of its policy limits, but otherwise within the terms of its policy, such loss in excess of the Company  '  s policy limits having been incurred because of, but not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the policy limits or by reason of the Company  '  s alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of an action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such an action.        A  ny loss in excess of policy limits that is made in connection with this Contract shall not exceed 25.0% of the actual catastrophe loss. 

2.         "  Extra cont  ractual obligations" shall mean 90.0% of   any punitive, exemplary, compensatory or consequential damages paid or payable by the Company, not covered by any other provision of this Contract and which arise from the handling of any claim on business subject to this Contract, such liabilities arising because of, but not limited to, failure by the Company to settle within the policy limits or by reason of the Company  '  s alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of settlement or in the preparation of th  e defense or in the trial of an   action against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an appeal consequent upon such an action.  An extra contractual obligation shall be deemed, in all circumstances, to have occurred on the same date as the loss covered or alleged to be covered under the policy.        A  ny extra contractual obligations that are made in connection with this Contract shall not exceed 25.0% of the actual catastrophe loss. 

Notwithstanding anything stated herein, this Contract shall not apply to any loss in excess of policy limits or any extra contractual obligation incurred by the Company as a result of any fraudulent and/or criminal act by any officer or director of the Company acting individually or collectively or in collusion with any individual or corporation or any other organization or party involved in the presentation, defense or settlement of any claim covered hereunder. 

C.        "Policies" as used in this Contract shall mean all policies, contracts and binders of insurance or reinsurance. 

D  .        "Ultimate net loss" as   used   in this Contract   shall mean   the sum or sums (including loss in excess of policy limits, extra contractual obligations and   loss adjustment expense,   as defined herein) paid or payable by the Company in settlement of claims and in satisfaction of judgments rendered on account of such claims, after deduction of all salvage, all recoveries and all claims on inuring insurance or reinsurance, whether collectible or not.   

Nothing herein shall be construed to mean that losses under this Contract are not recoverable until the Company's ultimate net loss has been ascertained. 

Article 10 -   Loss Occurrence 

A.        The term "loss occurrence" shall mean the sum of all individual losses directly occasioned by any one disaster, accident or loss or series of disasters, accidents or losses arising out of one event which occurs within the area of one state of the United States or province of Canada and states or provinces contiguous thereto and to one another.  However, the duration and extent of any one "loss occurrence" shall be limited to all individual losses sustained by the Company occurring during any period of 168 consecutive hours arising out of and directly occasioned by the same event, except that the term "loss occurrence" shall be further defined as follows: 

***** 

2.         As regards storm or stor  m systems that are not a named s  torm, including, by way of example and not limitation, ensuing wind, gusts, typhoon, tropical storm, hail, rain, tornados, cyclones, ensuing flood, storm surge, fire following, sprinkler leakage, riots, vandalism, collapse and water damage, all individual losses sustained by the Company occurring during any period of 1  44   consecutive hours arising out of, caused by, occurring during, occasioned by or resulting from the same event.  However, the event need not be limited to one state or province or states or provinces contiguous thereto. 

3.         As regards riot, riot attending a strike, civil commotion, vandalism and malicious mischief, all individual losses sustained by the Company occurring during any period of 96 consecutive hours within the area of one municipality or county and the municipalities or counties contiguous thereto arising out of and directly occasioned by the same event.  The maximum duration of 96 consecutive hours may be extended in respect of individual losses which occur beyond such 96 consecutive hours during the continued occupation of an assured's premises by strikers, provided such occupation commenced during the aforesaid period. 

4.         As regards earthquake (the epicenter of which need not necessarily be within the territorial confines referred to in paragraph A of this Article) and fire following directly occasioned by the earthquake, only those individual fire losses which commence during the period of 168 consecutive hours may be included in the Company's loss occurrence. 

5.         As regards freeze, only individual losses directly occasioned by collapse, breakage of glass and water damage (caused by bursting frozen pipes and tanks) may be included in the Company's loss occurrence. 

6.         As regards firestorms, brush fires and any other fires or series of fires, irrespective of origin (except as provided in sub  paragraphs 3 and 4   above), all individual losses sustained by the Company which   commence   during any period of 168     consecutive hours within the area of one state of the United States or province of Canada and  

states or provinces contiguous thereto and to one another may be included in the Company  '  s loss occurrence. 

B.        For all loss occurrences hereunder, the Company may choose the date and time when any such period of consecutive hours commences, provided that no period commences earlier than the date and time of the occurrence of the first recorded individual loss sustained by the Company arising out of that disaster, accident, or loss or series of disasters, accidents, or losses.  Furthermore: 

1.         For all loss occurrences other than those referred to in subparagraphs A.1., A.2., and A.3. above, only one such period of 168 consecutive hours shall apply with respect to one event. 

2.         As regards those loss occurrences referred to in subparagraphs A.1. and A.2., only one such period of consecutive hours (as set forth therein) shall apply with respect to one event, regardless of the duration of the event.   

3.         As regards those loss occurrences referred to in subparagraph A.3. above, if the disaster, accident, or loss or series of disasters, accidents, or losses occasioned by the event is of greater duration than 96 consecutive hours, then the Company may divide that disaster, accident, or loss or series of disasters, accidents, or losses into two or more loss occurrences, provided that no two periods overlap and no individual loss is included in more than one such period. 

C.        It is understood that losses arising from a combination of two or more perils as a result of the same event may be considered as having arisen from one loss occurrence.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the hourly limitations as stated above shall not be exceeded as respects the applicable perils, and no single loss occurrence shall encompass a time period greater than 168 consecutive hours, except as regards those loss occurrences referred to in subparagraphs A.1., A.4. and A.6. above. 

Article 11 -   Loss Notices and Settlements 

A.        Whenever losses sustained by the Company are reserved by the Company for an amount greater than 50.0% of the Company's retention under any excess layer hereunder and/or appear likely to result in a claim under such excess layer, the Company shall notify the Subscribing Reinsurers under that excess layer and shall provide updates related to development of such losses.  The Reinsurer shall have the right to participate in the adjustment of such losses at its own expense. 

B.        All loss settlements made by the Company, provided they are within the terms of this Contract and the terms of the original policy (with the exception of loss in excess of policy limits or extra contractual obligations coverage, if any, under this Contract), shall be binding upon the Reinsurer, and the Reinsurer agrees to pay all amounts for which it may be liable upon receipt of reasonable evidence of the amount paid by the Company. 

Article 12 -   Cash Call 

Notwithstanding the provisions of the   Loss Notices and S  ettlements Article, upon the request of the Company, the Reinsurer shall pay any amount with regard to a loss settlement or settlements that are scheduled to be made (including any payments projected   to be made) within the next 20   days by the Company, subject to receipt by the Reinsurer of a satisfactory proof of loss.  Such agreed   payment shall be made within 10   days from the date the demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

Article 13 -   Salvage and Subrogation 

The Reinsurer shall be credited with salvage (i.e., reimbursement obtained or recovery made by the Company, less the actual cost, excluding salaries of officials and employees of the Company and sums paid to attorneys as retainer, of obtaining such reimbursement or making such recovery) on account of claims and settlements involving reinsurance hereunder.  Salvage thereon shall always be used to reimburse the excess carriers in the reverse order of their priority according to their participation before being used in any way to reimburse the Company for its primary loss.  The Company hereby agrees to enforce its rights to salvage or subrogation relating to any loss, a part of which loss was sustained by the Reinsurer, and to prosecute all claims arising out of such rights, if, in the Company's opinion, it is economically reasonable to do so. 

Article 14 -   Reinsurance Premium 

A.        As premium for each excess layer of reinsurance coverage provided by this Contract, the Company shall pay the Reinsurer a premium equal to the product of the following (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the term of this Contract is less than 12 months), subject to a minimum premium of the amount, shown as "Minimum Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto (or a pro rata portion thereof in the event the term of this Contract is less than 12 months): 

1.         The amount, shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto; times  

2.         The percentage calculated by dividing (a) the actual Average Annual Loss ("AAL") determined by the Company's wind insurance in force on September 30, 2016, by (b) the original AAL of the amount, shown as "AAL" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto. 

However, if the difference between the amount, shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, and the premium calculated in accordance with this paragraph A for the excess layer is less than a 10.0% increase or decrease, the premium due the Reinsurer will equal the amount, shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto. 

The Company's AAL shall be derived by averaging the applicable data produced by Applied Insurance Research (AIR) Touchstone v3.1 and Risk Management Solutions (RMS) RiskLink v15 catastrophe modeling software, in the long-term perspective, including  

secondary uncertainty and loss amplification, but excluding storm surge.    It is understood that the calculation of the actual AAL shall be based on the amount, shown as   "  Reinsurer  '  s Per Occurrence Limit  "   for that excess layer in   Schedule A attached hereto, net of (1) the FHCF mandatory layer of coverage purchased by the Company using the current estimates of the mandatory FHCF coverage of 75% of ***** excess of *****, and of (2) the   Company's FHCF Supplement Layer Reinsurance Contract (16\F7V1085), which shall be deemed to be placed at 15%. 

B.        The Company shall pay the Reinsurer an annual deposit premium for each excess layer of the amount, shown as "Annual Deposit Premium" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, in four equal installments of the amount, shown as "Deposit Premium Installment" for that excess layer in Schedule A attached hereto, on July 1 and October 1 of 2016, and on January 1 and April 1 of 2017.  However, in the event this Contract is terminated, there shall be no deposit premium installments due after the effective date of termination. 

C  .        On or before June 30, 2017  , the Company shall provide a report to the Reinsurer setting forth the premium due hereunder for each excess layer   for the term of this Contract  , computed   in accordance with paragraph A above, and any additional premium due the Reinsurer or return premium due the Company for each such excess layer shall be remitted promptly. 

Article 15 -   Sanctions 

Neither the Company nor any Subscribing Reinsurer shall be liable for premium or loss under this Contract if it would result in a violation of any mandatory sanction, prohibition or restriction under United Nations resolutions or the trade or economic sanctions, laws or regulations of the European Union, United Kingdom or United States of America that are applicable to either party. 

Article 16 -   Late Payments 

A.        The provisions of this Article shall not be implemented unless specifically invoked, in writing, by one of the parties to this Contract. 

B.        In the event any premium, loss or other payment due either party is not received by the intermediary named in the Intermediary Article (hereinafter referred to as the "Intermediary") by the payment due date, the party to whom payment is due may, by notifying the Intermediary in writing, require the debtor party to pay, and the debtor party agrees to pay, an interest charge on the amount past due calculated for each such payment on the last business day of each month as follows: 

1.         The number of full days which have expired since the due date or the last monthly calculation, whichever the lesser; times 

2.         1/365ths of the   six-month United States Treasury Bill rate     as quoted in   The Wall Street Journal   on the first business day of the month for which the calculation is made; times 

3.         The amount past due, including accrued interest. 

It is agreed that interest shall accumulate until payment of the original amount due plus interest charges have been received by the Intermediary. 

C.        The establishment of the due date shall, for purposes of this Article, be determined as follows: 

1.         As respects the payment of routine deposits and premiums due the Reinsurer, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 30 days after the date of transmittal by the Intermediary of the initial billing for each such payment. 

2.         Any claim or loss payment due the Company hereunder shall be deemed due 10 days after the proof of loss or demand for payment is transmitted to the Reinsurer.  If such loss or claim payment is not received within the 10 days, interest will accrue on the payment or amount overdue in accordance with paragraph B above, from the date the proof of loss or demand for payment was transmitted to the Reinsurer. 

3.         As respects any payment, adjustment or return due either party not otherwise provided for in subparagraphs 1 and 2 of this paragraph C, the due date shall be as provided for in the applicable section of this Contract.  In the event a due date is not specifically stated for a given payment, it shall be deemed due 10 days following transmittal of written notification that the provisions of this Article have been invoked. 

For purposes of interest calculations only, amounts due hereunder shall be deemed paid upon receipt by the Intermediary. 

D.        Nothing herein shall be construed as limiting or prohibiting a Subscribing Reinsurer from contesting the validity of any claim, or from participating in the defense of any claim or suit, or prohibiting either party from contesting the validity of any payment or from initiating any arbitration or other proceeding in accordance with the provisions of this Contract.  If the debtor party prevails in an arbitration or other proceeding, then any interest charges due hereunder on the amount in dispute shall be null and void.  If the debtor party loses in such proceeding, then the interest charge on the amount determined to be due hereunder shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth above unless otherwise determined by such proceedings.  If a debtor party advances payment of any amount it is contesting, and proves to be correct in its contestation, either in whole or in part, the other party shall reimburse the debtor party for any such excess payment made plus interest on the excess amount calculated in accordance with this Article. 

E.        Interest charges arising out of the application of this Article that are $1,000 or less from any party shall be waived unless there is a pattern of late payments consisting of three or more items over the course of any 12-month period. 

Article 17 -   Offset 

The Company and the Reinsurer may offset any balance or amount due from one party to the other under this Contract or any other contract heretofore or hereafter entered into between the  

Company and the Reinsurer, whether acting as assuming reinsurer or ceding company.  The provisions of this Article shall not be affected by the insolvency of either party. 

Article 18 -   Access to Records 

The Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall have access at any reasonable time to all records of the Company which pertain in any way to this reinsurance, provided the Reinsurer gives the Company at least 15 days prior notice of request for such access.  However, a Subscribing   Reinsurer   or its designated representatives   shall not have any right of access to the   records of the Company   if it is not current in all und  isputed payments due the Company.  "Undisputed" as used herein shall mean any amount that the Subscribing Reinsurer has not contested in writing to the Company specifying the reason(s) why the payments are disputed.   

Article 19 -   Liability of the Reinsurer 

A.        The liability of the Reinsurer shall follow that of the Company in every case and be subject in all respects to all the general and specific stipulations, clauses, waivers and modifications of the Company's policies and any endorsements thereon.  However, in no event shall this be construed in any way to provide coverage outside the terms and conditions set forth in this Contract. 

B.        Nothing herein shall in any manner create any obligations or establish any rights against the Reinsurer in favor of any third party or any persons not parties to this Contract. 

Article 20 -   Net Retained Lines (BRMA 32E) 

A.        This Contract applies only to that portion of any policy which the Company retains net for its own account (prior to deduction of any underlying reinsurance specifically permitted in this Contract), and in calculating the amount of any loss hereunder and also in computing the amount or amounts in excess of which this Contract attaches, only loss or losses in respect of that portion of any policy which the Company retains net for its own account shall be included. 

B.        The amount of the Reinsurer  '  s liability hereunder in respect of any loss or losses shall not be increased by reason of the inability of the Company to collect from any other reinsurer(s), whether specific or general, any amounts which may have become due from such reinsurer(s), whether such inability arises from the insolvency of such other reinsurer(s) or otherwise. 

Article 21 -   Errors and Omissions (BRMA 14F) 

Inadvertent delays, errors or omissions made in connection with this Contract or any transaction hereunder shall not relieve either party from any liability which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not occurred, provided always that such error or omission is rectified as soon as possible after discovery. 

Article 22 -   Currency (BRMA 12A) 

A.        Whenever the word "Dollars" or the "$" sign appears in this Contract, they shall be construed to mean United States Dollars and all transactions under this Contract shall be in United States Dollars. 

B.        Amounts paid or received by the Company in any other currency shall be converted to United States Dollars at the rate of exchange at the date such transaction is entered on the books of the Company. 

Article 23 -   Taxes (BRMA 50B) 

In consideration of the terms under which this Contract is issued, the Company will not claim a deduction in respect of the premium hereon when making tax returns, other than income or profits tax returns, to any state or territory of the   United States of America   or the   District of Columbia  . 

Article 24 -   Federal Excise Tax   (BRMA 17D) 

A.        The Reinsurer has agreed to allow for the purpose of paying the Federal Excise Tax the applicable percentage of the premium payable hereon (as imposed under Section 4371 of the Internal Revenue Code) to the extent such premium is subject to the Federal Excise Tax. 

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder the Reinsurer will deduct the applicable percentage from the return premium payable hereon and the Company or its agent should take steps to recover the tax from the United States Government. 

Article 25 -   Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 

A.        To the extent the Reinsurer is subject to the deduction and withholding of premium payable hereon as set forth in the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (Sections 1471-1474 of the Internal Revenue Code), the Reinsurer shall allow such deduction and withholding from the premium payable under this Contract.  

B.        In the event of any return of premium becoming due hereunder, the return premium shall be determined and paid in full without regard to any amounts deducted or withheld under paragraph A of this Article.  In the event the Company or its agent recovers such premium deductions and withholdings on the return premium from the United States Government, the Company or its agent shall reimburse the Reinsurer for such amounts. 

Article 26 -   Reserves 

A.        The Reinsurer agrees to fund its share of amounts, including but not limited to, the Company's ceded unearned premium and outstanding loss and loss adjustment expense  

reserves (including all case reserves plus any reasonable amount estimated to be unreported from known loss occurrences) (  hereinafter referred to as   "  Reinsure  r  '  s Obligations  ") by: 

1.         Clean, irrevocable and unconditional letters of credit issued and confirmed, if confirmation is required by the insurance regulatory authorities involved, by a bank or banks meeting the NAIC Securities Valuation Office credit standards for issuers of letters of credit and acceptable to said insurance regulatory authorities; and/or 

2.         Escrow accounts for the benefit of the Company; and/or 

3.         Cash advances; 

if the Reinsurer: 

1  .         Is unauthorized in any state of the United States of America or the District of Columbia having jurisdiction over the Company and if, without such funding, a penalty would accrue to the Company on any financial statement it is required to file with the insurance regulatory authorities involved; or 

2.         Has an A.M. Best Company's rating equal to or below B++ at the inception of this Contract. 

The Reinsurer, at its sole option, may fund in other than cash if its method and form of funding are acceptable to the insurance regulatory authorities involved. 

B.        With regard to funding in whole or in part by letters of credit, it is agreed that each letter of credit will be in a form acceptable to insurance regulatory authorities involved, will be issued for a term of at least one year and will include an "evergreen clause," which automatically extends the term for at least one additional year at each expiration date unless written notice of non-renewal is given to the Company not less than 30 days prior to said expiration date.  The Company and the Reinsurer further agree, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Contract, that said letters of credit may be drawn upon by the Company or its successors in interest at any time, without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or the Reinsurer, but only for one or more of the following purposes: 

1.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer  '  s share of unearned premiums returned to insureds on account of policy cancellations, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

2.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of losses and/or loss adjustment expense paid under the terms of policies reinsured hereunder, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

3.         To reimburse itself for the Reinsurer's share of any other amounts claimed to be due hereunder, unless paid in cash by the Reinsurer; 

4.         To fund a cash account in an amount equal to the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to,   the   Reinsurer's Obligations   as set forth   above, funded by means of a letter of credit which is under non-renewal notice, if said letter of credit has not been renewed or replaced by the Reinsurer 10 days prior to its expiration date; 

5.         To refund to the Reinsurer any sum in excess of the actual amount required to fund the Reinsurer's share of amounts, including but not limited to,   the   Reinsurer's Obligations   as set forth   above, if so requested by the Reinsurer. 

In the event the amount drawn by the Company on any letter of credit is in excess of the actual amount required for B(1), B(2) or B(4), or in the case of B(3), the actual amount determined to be due, the Company shall promptly return to the Reinsurer the excess amount so drawn. 

Article 27 -   Insolvency 

A.        In the event of the insolvency of the Company, this reinsurance shall be payable directly to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor on the basis of the liability of the Company without diminution because of the insolvency of the Company or because the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company has failed to pay all or a portion of any claim.  It is agreed, however, that the liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the Company indicating the policy or bond reinsured which claim would involve a possible liability on the part of the Reinsurer within a reasonable time after such claim is filed in the conservation or liquidation proceeding or in the receivership, and that during the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defense or defenses that it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator, receiver, conservator or statutory successor.  The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to the approval of the Court, against the Company as part of the expense of conservation or liquidation to the extent of a pro rata share of the benefit which may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer. 

B.        Where two or more   Subscribing Reinsurers   are involved in the same claim and a majority in interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be apportioned in accordance with the terms of this Contract as though such expense had been incurred by the Company. 

C.        It is further understood and agreed that, in the event of the insolvency of the Company, the reinsurance under this Contract shall be payable directly by the Reinsurer to the Company or to its liquidator, receiver or statutory successor, except as provided by Section 4118(a) of the New York Insurance Law or except (1) where this Contract specifically provides another payee of such reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the Company or (2) where the Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insured or insureds has assumed such policy obligations of the Company as direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such policies and in substitution for the obligations of the Company to such payees. 

Article 28 -   Arbitration 

A.        As a condition precedent to any right of action hereunder, in the event of any dispute or difference of opinion hereafter arising with respect to this Contract, it is hereby mutually  

agreed that such dispute or difference of opinion shall be submitted to arbitration.  One Arbiter shall be chosen by the Company, the other by the Reinsurer, and an Umpire shall be chosen by the two Arbiters before they enter upon arbitration, all of whom shall be active or retired disinterested executive officers of insurance or reinsurance companies or Lloyd's London Underwriters.  In the event that either party should fail to choose an Arbiter within 30 days following a written request by the other party to do so, the requesting party may choose two Arbiters who shall in turn choose an Umpire before entering upon arbitration.  If the two Arbiters fail to agree upon the selection of an Umpire within 30 days following their appointment, each Arbiter shall nominate three candidates within 10 days thereafter, two of whom the other shall decline, and the decision shall be made by drawing lots. 

B.        Each party shall present its case to the Arbiters within 30 days following the date of appointment of the Umpire.  The Arbiters shall consider this Contract as an honorable engagement rather than merely as a legal obligation and they are relieved of all judicial formalities and may abstain from following the strict rules of law.  The decision of the Arbiters shall be final and binding on both parties; but failing to agree, they shall call in the Umpire and the decision of the majority shall be final and binding upon both parties.  Judgment upon the final decision of the Arbiters may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

C.        If more than one   Subscribing Reinsurer   is involved in the same dispute, all such   Subscribing   Reinsurers   shall, at the option of the Company, constitute and act as one party for purposes of this Article and communications shall be made by the Company to each of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   constituting one party, provided, however, that nothing herein shall impair the rights of such   Subscribing Reinsurers   to assert several, rather than joint, defenses or claims, nor be construed as changing the liability of the   Subscribing Reinsurers   participating under the terms of this Contract from several to joint. 

D.        Each party shall bear the expense of its own Arbiter, and shall jointly and equally bear with the other the expense of the Umpire and of the arbitration.  In the event that the two Arbiters are chosen by one party, as above provided, the expense of the Arbiters, the Umpire and the arbitration shall be equally divided between the two parties. 

E.        Any arbitration proceedings shall take place at a location mutually agreed upon by the parties to this Contract, but notwithstanding the location of the arbitration, all proceedings pursuant hereto shall be governed by the law of the state in which the Company has its principal office. 

Article 29 -   Service of Suit (BRMA 49C) 

(Applicable if the Reinsurer is not domiciled in the   United States of America  , and/or is not authorized in any State, Territory or District of the   United States   where authorization is required by insurance regulatory authorities) 

A.        It is agreed that in the event the Reinsurer fails to pay any amount claimed to be due hereunder, the Reinsurer, at the request of the Company, will submit to the jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction within the   United States  .  Nothing in this Article constitutes or should be understood to constitute a waiver of the Reinsurer's rights to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, to remove an action to a  

United States District Court, or to seek a transfer of a case to another court as permitted by the laws of the United States or of any state in the United States. 

B.        Further, pursuant to any statute of any state, territory or district of the United States which makes provision therefor, the Reinsurer hereby designates the party named in its Interests and Liabilities Agreement, or if no party is named therein, the Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance or other officer specified for that purpose in the statute, or his successor or successors in office, as its true and lawful attorney upon whom may be served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Company or any beneficiary hereunder arising out of this Contract. 

Article 30 -   Severability (BRMA 72E) 

If any provision of this Contract shall be rendered illegal or unenforceable by the laws, regulations or public policy of any state, such provision shall be considered void in such state, but this shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Contract or the enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Article 31 -   Governing Law (BRMA 71B) 

This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of   Florida  . 

Article 32 -   Confidentiality 

A.        The Reinsurer hereby acknowledges that the documents, information and data provided to it by the Company, whether directly or through an authorized agent, in connection with the placement and execution of this Contract, including all information obtained through any audits and any claims information between the Company and the Reinsurer, and any submission or other materials relating to any renewal (hereinafter referred to as "Confidential Information") are proprietary and confidential to the Company.   

B.        Except as provided for in paragraph C below, the Reinsurer shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any third parties, including but not limited to the Reinsurer's subsidiaries and affiliates, other insurance companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates, underwriting agencies, research organizations, any unaffiliated entity engaged in modeling insurance or reinsurance data, and statistical rating organizations.   

C.        Confidential Information may be used by the Reinsurer only in connection with the performance of its obligations or enforcement of its rights under this Contract and will only be disclosed when required by (1) retrocessionaires subject to the business ceded to this Contract, (2) regulators performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records and/or financial condition, (3) external auditors performing an audit of the Reinsurer's records in the normal course of business, or (4) the Reinsurer's legal counsel; provided that the Reinsurer advises such parties of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and their obligation to maintain its confidentiality.  The Company may require that any third-party representatives of the Reinsurer agree, in writing, to be bound by this Confidentiality Article  

or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, containing terms no less stringent than those set forth in this Article.  If a third-party representative of the Reinsurer is not bound, in writing, by this Confidentiality Article or by a separate written confidentiality agreement, the Reinsurer shall be responsible for any breach of this provision by such third-party representative of the Reinsurer. 

D.        Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the Reinsurer is required by court order, other legal process or any regulatory authority to release or disclose any or all of the Confidential Information, the Reinsurer agrees to provide the Company with written notice of same at least 10 days prior to such release or disclosure, to the extent legally permissible, and to use its best efforts to assist the Company in maintaining the confidentiality provided for in this Article. 

E.        Any disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information shall comply with all state and federal statutes and regulations governing the disclosure of Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information.  "Non-Public Personally Identifiable Information" shall be defined as this term or a similar term is defined in any applicable state, provincial, territory, or federal law.  Disclosing or using this information for any purpose not authorized by applicable law is expressly forbidden without the prior consent of the Company. 

F.        The parties agree that any information subject to privilege, including the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine (collectively "Privilege") shall not be disclosed to the Reinsurer until, in the Company's opinion, such Privilege is deemed to be waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.  Furthermore, the Reinsurer shall not assert that any Privilege otherwise applicable to the Confidential Information has been waived or otherwise compromised by virtue of its disclosure pursuant to this Contract.   

G.        The provisions of this Article shall extend to the officers, directors and employees of the Reinsurer and its affiliates, and shall be binding upon their successors and assigns. 

Article 33 -   Non-Waiver 

The failure of the Company or Reinsurer to insist on compliance with this Contract or to exercise any right, remedy or option hereunder shall not:  (1) constitute a waiver of any rights contained in this Contract, (2) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from thereafter demanding full and complete compliance, (3) prevent the Company or Reinsurer from exercising such remedy in the future, nor (4)   affect the validity of this Contract or any part thereof. 

Article 34 -   Notices and Contract Execution 

A.        Whenever a notice, statement, report or any other written communication is required by this Contract, unless otherwise specified, such notice, statement, report or other written communication may be transmitted by certified or registered mail, nationally or internationally recognized express   delivery   service, personal delivery, electronic mail, or facsimile.    With the exception of notices of termination, first class mail is also acceptable. 

B.        The use of any of the following shall constitute a valid execution of this Contract   or any amendments thereto  : 

1.         Paper documents with an original ink signature; 

2.         Facsimile   or electronic   copies of paper documents showing an original ink signature; and/or 

3.         Electronic records with an electronic signature made via an electronic agent.  For the purposes of this Contract, the terms   "  electronic record,  "     "  electronic signature  "   and   "  electronic agent  "   shall have the meanings set forth in the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000   or any amendments thereto  . 

C.        This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which, when duly executed, shall be deemed an original. 

Article 35 -   Intermediary 

Aon Benfield Inc., or one of its affiliated corporations duly licensed as a reinsurance intermediary, is hereby recognized as the Intermediary negotiating this Contract for all business hereunder.  All communications (including but not limited to notices, statements, premiums, return premiums, commissions, taxes, losses, loss adjustment expense, salvages and loss settlements) relating to this Contract will be transmitted to the Company or the Reinsurer through the Intermediary.  Payments by the Company to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Reinsurer.  Payments by the Reinsurer to the Intermediary will be deemed payment to the Company only to the extent that such payments are actually received by the Company. 

In Witness Whereof  , the Company by its duly authorized representative has executed this Contract as of the date specified below: 

This ________________ day of ____________________________ in the year ____________. 

Federated National Insurance Company 

/s/ Michael H. Braun              

/s/ signed by all participating reinsurers 

Schedule A 

Excess   Catastrophe Reinsurance Contract 

Effective:  July 1, 2016 

Federated National Insurance Company 

Sunrise, Florida 

First  
					 
						 Excess  

Second  
					 
						 Excess  

Third  
					 
						 Excess  

Fourth  
					 
						 Excess  

Fifth  
					 
						 Excess  

Reinsurer's Per Occurrence Limit  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Reinsurer's Term Limit  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Minimum Premium  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

AAL  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Annual Deposit Premium  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

Deposit Premium Installments  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

*****  

The figures listed above for each excess layer shall apply to each Subscribing Reinsurer in the percentage share for that excess layer as expressed in its Interests and Liabilities Agreement attached hereto. 

War Exclusion Clause 

As regards interests which at time of loss or damage are on shore, no liability shall attach hereto in respect of any loss or damage which is occasioned by war, invasion, hostilities, acts of foreign enemies, civil war, rebellion, insurrection, military or usurped power, or martial law or confiscation by order of any government or public authority. 

16\F7V1054 

Nuclear Incident Exclusion Clause - Physical Damage - Reinsurance (U.S.A.) 

1.          This Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any Pool of Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or Nuclear Energy risks. 

2.          Without in any way restricting the operation of   paragraph   (1) of this Clause, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to: 

I.  

Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on the site, or  

II.  

Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor installations, and   "  critical facilities  "   as such, or  

III.  

Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for processing substantial quantities of   "  special nuclear material,  "   and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing or disposing of   "  spent  "   nuclear fuel or waste materials, or  

IV.  

Installations other than those listed in   paragraph   (2) III above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or other products of nuclear fission.  

3.          Without in any way restricting the operations of   paragraphs   (1) and (2) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which normally would be insured therewith except that this   paragraph   (3) shall not operate 

(a)          where Reassured does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor power plant or nuclear installation, or 

(b)          where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive contamination, however caused.  However on and after 1st January 1960 this sub-  paragraph   (b) shall only apply provided the said radioactive contamination exclusion provision has been approved by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof. 

4.          Without in any way restricting the operations of   paragraphs   (1), (2) and (3) hereof, this Reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive contamination accruing to the Reassured, directly or indirectly, and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a named hazard specifically insured against. 

5.          It is understood and agreed that this Clause shall not extend to risks using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not considered by the Reassured to be the primary hazard. 

6.          The term   "  special nuclear material  "   shall have the meaning given it in the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof. 

7.          Reassured to be sole judge of what constitutes: 

(a)          substantial quantities, and 

(b)          the extent of installation, plant or site. 

Note  .-Without in any way restricting the operation of   paragraph   (1) hereof, it is understood and agreed that 

(a)          all policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1957 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 

(b)          with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the Reassured on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply. 

12/12/57 

N.M.A. 1119 

BRMA 35B 

16\F7V1054 

Pools, Associations and Syndicates Exclusion Clause 

(Catastrophe) 

It is hereby understood and agreed that: 

A.        This Contract excludes loss or liability arising from: 

1.         Business derived directly or indirectly from any pool, association  ,   or syndicate which maintains its own reinsurance facilities.  This subparagraph 1 shall not apply with respect to: 

a.        Residual market mechanisms created by statute.  This Contract shall not extend, however, to afford coverage for liability arising from the inability of any other participant or member in the residual market mechanism to meet its obligations, nor shall this Contract extend to afford coverage for liability arising from any claim against the residual market mechanism brought by or on behalf of any insolvency fund (as defined in the Insolvency Fund Exclusion Clause incorporated in this Contract).  For the purposes of this Clause, the California Earthquake Authority shall be deemed to be a "residual market mechanism." 

b.        Inter-agency or inter-government joint underwriting or risk purchasing associations (however styled) created by or permitted by statute or regulation. 

2.         Those perils insured by the Company that the Company knows, at the time the risk is bound, to be insured by or in excess of amounts insured or reinsured by any pool, association or syndicate formed for t  he purpose of insuring oil, gas,   or petro-chemical plants; oil or gas drilling rigs; and/or aviation risks.  This subparagraph 2 shall not apply: 

a.        If the total insured value over all interests of the risk is less than $250,000,000. 

b.        To interests traditionally underwritten as Inland Marine or Stock or Contents written on a blanket basis. 

c.        To Contingent Business Interruption liability, except when it is known to the Company, at the time the risk is bound, that the key location is insured by or through any pool, association or syndicate formed for the purpose of insuring oil, gas, or petro-chemical plants; oil or gas drilling rigs; and/or aviation risks; unless the total insured value over all interests of the risk is less than $250,000,000. 

B.        With respect to loss or liability arising from the Company's participation or membership in any residual market mechanism created by statute, the Company may include in its ultimate net loss only amounts for which the Company is assessed as a direct consequence of a covered loss occurrence, subject to the following provisions: 

1.         Recovery is limited to perils otherwise protected hereunder. 

2.         In the event the terms of the Company's participation or membership in any such residual market mechanism permit the Company to recoup any such direct  

16\F7V1054 

Page     1     of 2 

assessment attributed to a loss occurrence by way of a specific policy premium surcharge or similar levy on policyholders, the amount received by the Company as a result of such premium surcharge or levy shall reduce the Company's ultimate net loss for such loss occurrence. 

3.         The result of any rate increase filing permitted by the terms of the Company's participation or membership in any such residual market mechanism following any assessment shall have no effect on the Company's ultimate net loss for any covered loss occurrence. 

4.         The result of any premium tax credit filing permitted by the terms of the Company's participation or membership in any such residual market mechanism following any assessment shall reduce the Company's ultimate net loss for any covered loss occurrence. 

5.         The Company may not include in its ultimate net loss any amount resulting from an assessment that, pursuant to the terms of the Company's participation or membership in the residual market mechanism, the Company is required to pay only after such assessment is collected from the policyholder. 

6.         The ultimate net loss hereunder shall not include any monies expended to purchase or retire bonds as a consequence of being a member of a residual market mechanism nor any fines or penalties imposed on the Company for late payment. 

7.         If, however, a residual market mechanism only provides for assessment based on an aggregate of losses in any one contract or plan year of said mechanism, then the amount of that assessment to be included in the ultimate net loss for any one loss occurrence shall be determined by multiplying the Company's share of the aggregate assessment by a factor derived by dividing the Company's ultimate net loss (net of the assessment) with respect to the loss occurrence by the total of all of its ultimate net losses (net of assessments) from all loss occurrences included by the mechanism in determining the assessment.  

8/1/2012 

16\F7V1054 

Page     2     of 2 

Terrorism Exclusion 

(Property Treaty Reinsurance) 

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within this Contract or any amendment thereto, it is agreed that this Contract excludes loss, damage, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with any act of terrorism, as defined herein, regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss. 

An act of terrorism includes any act, or preparation in respect of action, or threat of action designed to influence the government   de jure   or   de facto   of any nation or any political division thereof, or in pursuit of political, religious, ideological or similar purposes to intimidate the public or a section of the public of any nation by any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organization(s) or government(s)   de jure   or   de facto  , and which: 

1.         Involves violence against one or more persons, or 

2.         Involves damage to property; or 

3.         Endangers life other than the person committing the action; or 

4.         Creates a risk to health or safety of the public or a section of the public; or 

5.         Is designed to interfere with or disrupt an electronic system. 

This Contract also excludes loss, damage, cost or expense directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with any action in controlling, preventing, suppressing, retaliating against or responding to any act of terrorism. 

Notwithstanding the above and subject otherwise to the terms, conditions, and limitations of this Contract, in respect only of personal lines, this Contract will pay actual loss or damage (but not related cost and expense) caused by any act of terrorism provided such act is not directly or indirectly caused by, contributed to by, resulting from or arising out of or in connection with radiological, biological, chemical, or nuclear pollution or contamination. 

16\F7V1054 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 c996-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 311

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I, Michael H. Braun, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Federated National Holding Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:    November   8  , 2016 

/s/ Michael H. Braun  

Michael H. Braun  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 c996-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 312

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

I, Erick A. Fernandez, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Federated National Holding Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November   8  , 2016 

/s/  Erick A. Fernandez  

Erick A. Fernandez  

Interim Chief Financial Officer   
					 
						 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 c996-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 321

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Federated National Holding Company for the quarter ended   September   30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Michael H. Braun, Chief Executive Officer of Federated National Holding Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and      

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Federated National Holding Company.      

/s/ Michael H. Braun  

Michael H. Braun  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

November   8  , 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 c996-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 322

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Federated National Holding Company for the quarter ended   September 30  , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Erick A. Fernandez, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Federated National Holding Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Federated National Holding Company.     

/s/  Erick A. Fernandez  

Erick A. Fernandez  

Interim Chief Financial Officer   
					 
						 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

November   8  , 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 18
 c996-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 c996-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 c996-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 c996-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 c996-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 c996-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

