<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-K_edgar_data_1585738_0001477932-16-013476_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1581996</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119616</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>98539</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>384367</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>426635</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>377530</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-013476.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173703
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-013476
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eye On Media Network, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001585738
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		IRS NUMBER:				463390293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55035
		FILM NUMBER:		161996329

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1500 NW 65TH AVENUE
		CITY:			PLANTATION
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33313
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-370-9900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1500 NW 65TH AVENUE
		CITY:			PLANTATION
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33313

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-013476.txt : 20161114

10-K
 1
 eye_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
   eye_10k.htm      
 
       UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549           FORM 10-K       (Mark One)    x  ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the fiscal year ended  August 31, 2016          TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the transition period from ____________to _____________     Commission file number  000-55035                EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK, INC.         (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter)                   Florida         46-3390293        (State or jurisdiction of   Incorporation or organization         (I.R.S Employer Identification No.)                 Registrant s telephone number, including area code   754-370-9900        Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:              Title of each class        Name of each exchange on which registered       None      N/A         Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act       Common Stock, $0.001 par value     (Title of class)        Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.     Yes    x  No     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Exchange Act.     Yes    x  No     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  x  Yes       No     Indicate by check mark whether the resistant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  x  Yes       No     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter is not contained herein and will not be contained to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     Yes    x  No     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer   smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.             Large accelerated filer         Accelerated filer           Non-accelerated filer         Smaller reporting company     x      (Do not check if a smaller company)               Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).     Yes    x  No      State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. $297,000     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.      The number of shares outstanding of the issuer s Common Stock, $.001 par value, as of October 14, 2016 was 28,576,951 shares. There are fifty million (50,000,000) shares of the issuer s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of such date.     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE     List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the documents is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980).     None.      

EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK, INC.    ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K    Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2016        TABLE OF CONTENTS                       Page           Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements        3                       PART I                             Item 1.      Business       4        Item 1A.      Risk Factors       11        Item 1B.     Unresolved Staff Comments       11        Item 2.     Properties       11        Item 3.      Legal Proceedings       11        Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures        11                       PART II                              Item 5.     Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities       12        Item 6.      Selected Financial Data       13        Item 7.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations       13        Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk       18        Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data       18        Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure       18        Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures       19        Item 9B.      Other Information       19                       PART III                              Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance       20        Item 11.      Executive Compensation       21        Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters       22        Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence       24        Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and Services       24                       PART IV                              Item 15.      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule       25                      Signatures          27                       Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements.        This annual report on Form 10-K of Eye On Media Network, Inc. ( EOMN ) for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. To the extent that such statements are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward-looking statements which, by definition involve risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements under the Sections; Description of Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward-looking statements. Where in any forward-looking statements, the Company expresses an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished.     The following are factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated, and include but are not limited to: general economic, financial and business conditions; changes in and compliance with governmental regulations; changes in tax laws; and the cost and effects of legal proceedings.     You should not rely on forward looking statements in this annual report. This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We use words such as  anticipates,   believes,   plans,   expects,   future,   intends,  and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks faced by Eye On Media Network, Inc.                 3       
     Table of Contents            PART I           Item 1. Business.       Eye On Media Network, Inc. ( we ,  us ,  our , or the  Company ) is a company that was incorporated in the State of Florida on August 2, 2013. Since inception on August 2, 2013, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining initial financing. The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination with an existing company. The business purpose of the Company had been to seek the acquisition of or merger with, an existing company. The Company selected August 31 as its fiscal year end. On September 3, 2013 we filed a Registration Statement on Form 10-12G with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. We are a reporting company and file all reports required under sections 13 and 15d of the Exchange Act. On January 22, 2014 we entered into share exchange agreements with the shareholders of Eye On South Florida, Inc. ( EOSF ), pursuant to which we acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of EOSF. EOSF is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company.       Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company       We qualify as an emerging growth company as that term is used in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions included:                 (i)     A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management Discussion   Analysis disclosures;                             (ii)     Exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company s internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;                              (iii)     Reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company s executive compensation arrangements; and                             (iv)     No non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements.            We have already taken advantage of these reduced reporting burdens, which are also available to us as a smaller reporting company as defined under Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).     In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We are choosing to utilize the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the JOBS Act. This election allows our Company to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.      We could remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) which issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period.                 4       
     Table of Contents            Business of Issuer       The Company was organized as a vehicle to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation. On January 22, 2014, the Company entered into Share Exchange Agreements (collectively referred to as the  Exchange Agreement ) with the shareholders ( Shareholders ) of Eye On South Florida, Inc. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Shareholders agreed to exchange each of their shares of EOSF common stock (the  Target Shares ) for one (1) share of restricted common stock of the Company. The Shareholders collectively held a total of 24,725,000 Target Shares. The Shareholders are all friends, business associates or family members of our sole officer and director, Jack Namer. Each Shareholder is a sophisticated investor and except as otherwise designated, was a founding member or vendor of EOSF. As of the consummation of the Exchange Agreements, EOSF became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Our principal business activities are now conducted through our operation of EOSF.     Consideration for the Exchange Agreement consisted of one share of restricted common stock of the Company for each Target Share tendered by the Shareholders in the exchange. A total of 24,725,000 shares of restricted Company common stock were issued to forty-three (43) Shareholders for the Target Shares. The receipt of the Target Shares by the Company was determined by the Company Board of Directors to constitute adequate consideration for issuance of the Company common stock as a result of the value of the assets of EOSF. Prior to the execution of the Exchange Agreement there were three million (3,000,000) shares or our common stock issued and outstanding. Upon completion of the transaction involving the Exchange Agreement, there were 27,725,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. The acquisition was accounted for by the Company as a reverse merger wherein an operating, private company (Eye on South Florida, Inc.) was acquired by the Registrant.       Description of Business, Principal Products, Services       Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Eye On South Florida, Inc., was incorporated in the State of Florida on January 18, 2013. EOSF is actively engaged in the acquisition, development, production and distribution of television and multi-media programming content that is for the people and by the people, thus giving a voice back to communities with good news and entertainment that is conducive to society. Once the Company  green lights  a production, the business aggressively produces, distributes, and markets the content to the general public in each target area, utilizing and delivers content to tens of millions of viewers through all communication mediums from our multi-tiered platforms, located in South Florida.      EOMN is distributing its content through the available delivery companies listed below: These statistics are available on Wikipedia and Nielsen ratings.                  a.  COMCAST: the largest cable television company in the United States with over 22 million subscribers.                            b.  DIRECT TV, LLC: As of December 2012, DirecTV had 35.56 million subscribers.                            c.  DISH TV: As of October 2012, Dish TV had 13 million subscribers.                            d.  Roku network on September 16, 2014, announced 10 million subscribers.           These distribution delivery companies do not include the international markets of China, South America and Africa, which we intend to target for additional distribution of our content.                 5       
     Table of Contents          The Company subsidiary, Eye On South Florida, Inc. is a fully operational television network appearing over the air on Channel 16 Florida and widely viewed on the internet and all mobile devices. The viewing area of Channel 16 extends from Vero Beach, Florida through West Palm Beach, Fort Lauderdale, from Miami to Key West and west Martin County Florida which comprises approximately 2,800,000 households. We also distribute streaming content separately on the internet through our website www.channel16live.com. For example, over the weekend of April 26-27, 2014, we covered the La Martina Miami Beach Polo World Cup. There were seven different advertisers for this event that are paying us for publication of their advertisements. We currently distribute our news and event coverage content to DIRECTV, DISH TV and the Roku network. There is no written agreement with Comcast. As is customary in the industry, our content is sold through a media broker to the above networks. Our independent media buyer/broker is IHN Media Services, LLC of San Antonio, Texas. We have no ownership interest in such company. The agreement for services with IHN Media Services, LLC is verbal. The material terms are that certain services in connection with Company's planning, preparing and placing of advertising for the Company as follows:                 a.    Analyze present and potential television marketing and advertising opportunities; and                         b.    Provide television advertising on all cable carries including, but not limited to, Time Warner, Comcast, Cox, Verizon FIOS, Bright House Cable, Sudden Link, Grande, WOW Cable) with such services to include all broadcast stations as well as all ad-supported cable networks and syndicated programming; and                         c.    Provide all of its services at fair and competitive rates in markets both locally and nationally; and                         d.    Negotiate for appropriate weekly/monthly media schedules at the lowest possible media costs for the Company s advertising purposes; and.                         e.    Provide Company with written schedules of all media time placements made for the Client indicating the national and local media that is selected, and the dates, days, times, and costs of that media. Company will be given the opportunity to approve all advertising schedules for placement by Agency; and                         f.    Agency will provide the Company with weekly, monthly, or flight invoices for the gross amount of media time that is purchased for the Client s advertising purposes; and                         g.    Identify and procure clients for Company that seek advertising on its or other media networks and seek commercials that Company can produce for them for a fee.              The Company will pay the Agency for its services on a monthly basis. Amounts paid for the Agency s services will vary from region to region where the Company s content is distributed.     For a thorough listing of the types of television content we produce visit our website at www.eyeonsouthflorida.com. Selected examples of the types of products and services we provide include:                   Creation of television news and event coverage content for several charities including non-profit Children s Diagnostic   Treatment Center in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, non-profit Go Riverwalk Fort Lauderdale, non-profit Guardian Behavioral Health Foundation in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, non-profit Seafarer s House in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida and, non-profit Unicorn Children s Foundation in Boca Raton, Florida; and                           Event coverage of various artistic and entertainment events including the Palm Beach International Film Festival 2014, the Miami International Film Festival 2014, The Sundance Film Festival 2014 in Park City, Utah and Ban Cancer Concert 2014 hosted by the Richard J. Fox Foundation, the Delray Beach Garlic Festival, the 3 rd  Annual Stone Crab   Seafood Festival-Ft. Lauderdale and, the 26 th  Annual Las Olas Art Fair   Ft. Lauderdale, and the John Offerdahl Gridiron Grill-Off 2013; and                           Creation of documentary series including  Cooking With Fire  (about firefighter cooking contest), series on human trafficking with involvement of the Wasie Foundation of Ft. Lauderdale, and a documentary series regarding Wayne and Marti Huizenga; and                           Creation of commercials for various types of businesses including, for example, attorneys, doctors, dermatologists and motor vehicle dealerships.                       6       
     Table of Contents         EOSF is generating revenue from banner advertisements on our website (www.eyeonsouthflorida.com), commercial productions, event planners, corporate videos, infomercials, public announcements, pay-per-view live broadcasted transmissions and advertisers, desiring to promote their productions, events and brands alongside the various distribution mediums, whereby content is being aired and/or shared via any and all mediums that the network controls. In addition, the Company is generating revenue from other production companies and/or television networks that request on-site filming and/or our original feeds with the use of our communication technology and equipment. Among these types of programming is  feel good  programming and transmission that we produce and other stations want, due to the type of news and entertainment in the community that we promote. Eye On South Florida has been assisting and providing valuable airtime pro-bono to non-profit organizations with sponsored ads, in order to promote their fund raising events for important causes in the community. Some of our clients currently include Hard Rock Hotel   Casino, AutoNation, Florida Metro Rail, Fort Lauderdale Chamber of Commerce, Shino Bay Dermatology, DelVecchio Pizza and Universal Insurance.     The EOSF Network is producing and distributing original news as it unfolds, along with live and live on tape entertainment programming specials and content that delivers what main stream does not, to include informative educational programming for people of all ages in the community, by way of all its vertically integrated communication mediums. Other sources of revenue such as branded merchandising and/or licensing fees derived from sharing original programming content with other affiliate TV and Satellite stations are being considered.      EOSF distribution platforms include conventional network television, over the air digital, cable television, as well as satellite networks. Our technology of simulcasting, delivers content to all mediums, e.g.: web, mobile phones, tablets and any smart device with 4G or wireless connectivity, thus providing a wide array of original content programming, news, marketing merchandising, advertising and distribution.     Each EOSF medium has its own advertising rates and revenue models, depending on the production clients  and advertisers  preferred demographics and target markets. In addition, EOSF will seek to receive licensure fees from the use of any technology that is sub-contracted under a co-production agreement, coupled with ongoing royalties from original programming and merchandising that the network negotiates and sells via any and all mediums that the network controls. Pay-Per-View, live streaming productions are another source of revenue for EOSF and each transmission, utilizing all of our tools and solutions that will be marketed and promoted for optimum results.     The EOSF television and multi-media content development and production slate will be financed by the revenues derived from its own media content, commercial production services, advertiser s revenues, licensing fees and distribution capabilities. Additional revenue will be derived through selling programming and developing quality productions whether originally produced, or co-produced with other producers and clients interested in producing their own content for distribution in any of the EOSF Television   Multi-Media mediums that the Network controls.      The business is developing programming which we believe will provide all of the necessary capital for the development of our projects. Upon receiving the necessary capital, the business will be able to operate at the current demand level as well as continue to produce programming, according to comprehensive budgets and be able to solicit advertisers to participate in versatile mediums in return for multiple revenue streams. Each of our productions, whether consisting of commercials or programming of any kind, has a separate financial budget. Each production leverages this business value and generates more capital for ongoing operations of the Company.      EOSF management wants to ensure that it develops the proper content for the proper advertisers and distribution channels, before it heavily engages in the production of original programming for this business. In the meantime, the EOSF Network is currently airing content 24/7 in all of the channels that the Network currently controls including, but not limited to, archiving community news and entertainment within its www.eyeonsouthflorida.com Internet portal, hence generating unprecedented viewers from the world wide web, while promoting the brand and the advertisers whom have already entrusted us to promote their brands alongside the EOSF Network.                 7       
     Table of Contents           Distribution Methods Of The Products and Services       We are currently distributing our products and services via television in our local DMA, as well as internet and various other delivery mechanisms and portals.  DMA  means   Designated Market Areas   as per the Nielsen ratings. As of January 1, 2014 and used throughout the 2013-2014 television season below are the rankings.     Below is the Rank Designated Market Area ( DMA ) TV Homes (100% of U.S.) representing the top 18 DMA s.             We currently distribute our media content in the Miami-Ft. Lauderdale DMA. The viewing area of Channel 16 extends from Vero Beach, Florida through West Palm Beach, Fort Lauderdale, Miami to Key West and west Martin County, Florida which comprises approximately 2,800,000 households.                 8       
     Table of Contents            Competitive Business Conditions And The Smaller Reporting Company s Competitive Position In The Industry And Methods Of Competition       We believe that our competitors usually give people in the communities programming which is of negative impact and which does not engage them. Few channels cover the positive things that the community is doing to help the less fortunate, or even to help themselves. Cable Networks specialize in specific genres and usually have great overheads and liabilities to contend with, in order to fulfill their programming agendas, while meeting the demands of advertisers. Additionally, most of the current news media networks show bias for one side or the other, whether it is the liberal point of view or the conservative point of view. Our goal is to serve all sides of the equation with equal opportunity news and entertainment programming for all opinions and voices in each community that we reach.      EOSF covers and promotes up-lifting and empowering content, as well as promotion of proactive safety matters and public announcements. In each market, there are different needs in the community and the people and their issues have a right to be heard! The essence of EOSF Network is to bring people together that is by them and for them.      The use of our software technology provides EOSF many solutions when it comes to attracting viewers to watch our TV stations, live streaming programming, smart device promotions and/or to engage in its website portals that promote their EYE On Network content. For example www.eyeonsouthflorida.com delivers simultaneous live streaming in between live events and makes it possible for vast amounts of traffic to be generated, long after the events are archived on the websites.     EOSF is currently positioned in South Florida as a leader in its genre, as we continue to be the voice of the people, giving them back what they want and need in their communities. The EYE On brand will continue to offer non-profit organizations and their sponsored advertisers a medium from which to promote their production events. Sponsored brands can broaden their audience, especially during live streaming events, which are open to hundreds of millions of viewers from the World Wide Web. News like this does not get around to mainstream media, but at EOSF it does matter and it will always matter because it is what we do! We have no direct competition with the type of alternative programming we produce, benefiting the community and non-profit organizations. As a matter of fact, other main stream media networks have solicited us to re-broadcast our content on their networks, because they now started to see the importance of what we are doing and more important how the community has reacted!      Our strategy is to be a resource for other media networks to continue to approach our organization, as a source of content for their programming. We will accomplish this by making sure that we are on the cutting edge of communication, community news and entertainment and new technology. Our platform is designed to give the advertisers multiple ways and methods to broadcast their commercial messages and promote their brands to a wide audience with ease and efficiency, which translates into a time saving and more cost efficient method of producing and distributing commercial advertising and content to all the targeted people, places and even things, which will equate to a better ROI.        Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises, Concessions, Royalty Agreements Or Labor Contracts, Including Duration       As EOSF develops its programming property portfolio, management fully intends to license and develop strategic relationships with affiliate networks and or satellite cable networks that desire to participate in licensing EOSF s slate of original programming. If our marketing campaigns are successful, we will be able to offer licensing of our trademarked and copyright protected proprietary works, to include new and innovative communication platforms designed to distribute content by way of versatile and vertically integrated mediums as described herein as a part of this business plan to other Networks and communication and technology service providers worldwide. Said proprietary works will be made available to other businesses and as such the fees and licensing percentages will greatly increase our profitability.                 9       
     Table of Contents            Number Of Total Employees And Number Of Full-Time Employees       At this time, the Company has five part-time contracted employees.       How long can we satisfy our cash requirements and will we need to raise additional funds in the next 12 months?       Our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise capital to continue to expand our operations and client base. We anticipate that we may engage in one or more private offering of our company s securities. We would most likely rely upon the transaction exemptions from registration provided by Regulation D, Rule 506 or conduct a private offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933.     In the event we raise additional capital, we will be able to implement our expansion in accordance with our business plan. We anticipate that we will use the funds raised to fund marketing activities and working capital. Our failure to market and promote our services will harm our business and future financial performance. If we are unable to expand our operations within the next twelve months, we will likely see a decrease in the ability of increasing our revenues. We cannot guarantee that additional funding will be available on favorable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available, then we may not be able to expand our operations. If adequate funds are not available, we believe that our officers and directors will contribute funds to pay for some of our expenses. Our director has verbally agreed to continue to fund our operations as needed over the next 12 months until cash flows are sufficient to sustain operations. Pursuant to the agreement our CEO has agreed to only the return of his capital with no interest or other consideration. Thus far there has not been any need for funds beyond the $6,000 in loans previously provided to the Company by our CEO, Jack Namer. In the event we require additional funding in the form of loans from our CEO, we do not know whether we will issue stock for the loans or whether we will merely prepare and sign promissory notes.      The implementation of our business strategy is estimated to take approximately 12-18 months. Currently we have only a few paying clients. Some of our clients currently include Hard Rock Hotel   Casino, AutoNation, Florida Metro Rail, Fort Lauderdale Chamber of Commerce, Shino Bay Dermatology, DelVecchio Pizza and Universal Insurance. However, our CEO has been involved in the television media industry for many years and has commenced making initial contact with his previous associates. Once we are able to secure additional funding, implementation of our business strategy will begin immediately. We anticipate that it will take 30 days to be in a stage of full operational activity to gain additional clients. The major parts of the strategy to be immediately implemented will be the sales and marketing and office equipment and human resource procurement.     Our lack of revenues has affected the Company directly. Without a strong or known market demand, it was considered a risk to expand in any new geographical areas, since there was realistic probability that costs would not be recovered upon completion and sales generated.       Summary of product research and development       We are not currently nor do we anticipate in the future to be conducting any research and development activities.       Marketing       We have developed a multi-pronged, targeted marketing program aimed at informing potential customers of the Company s services.              Internet Promotions       We will utilize our website and email database for both educational and promotional activities. We will promote all of our upcoming company events such as workshops, seminars, business clubs, etc. and include testimonials from our client base. Our primary means of promoting the website is the registration with all major and most minor search engines, insuring that web users are directed to the site when they search for information regarding business consulting. Finally, the Company s web address will be featured on all printed materials, including advertisements, stationary, etc.        Strategic Alliances       We will gain a significant amount of leads through developing strategic alliance relationships with companies offering complimentary services and products to the small to medium size business markets. This will enable us to market its services into the customer database of the partnering company leveraging the trust developed between the strategic partner and their customers.      We are a reporting company and file all reports required under sections 13 and 15d of the Exchange Act.       Item 1A. Risk Factors.       Because we are a Smaller Reporting Company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item.       Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.       None.       Item 2. Properties.       We do not own any real property. Our offices are currently located at 1500 NW 65 th  Avenue, Plantation, Florida 33313.     We do not believe that we will need to obtain additional office space at any time in the foreseeable future, until our business plan is more fully implemented.       Item 3. Legal Proceedings.       We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings nor are any contemplated by us at this time.       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.       Not applicable             PART II.         Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.         Market Information.        There is presently a limited public market for our common stock. Our common stock is traded on the interdealer quotation market, as quoted on OTC Markets Group. There is no assurance that this limited trading market will become more developed, or, if developed, that it will be sustained. A purchaser of shares may, therefore, find it difficult to resell our securities offered herein should he or she desire to do so when eligible for public resale. Below is a table reflecting the high   low sales prices of our common stock for each calendar quarter for the last two fiscal years ending August 31, 2015 and August 31, 2016, respectively.             Holders.       On October 14, 2016 there were 71 shareholders of record of our common stock. There are 28,576,951 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding.       Dividends.       Since inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our business, our Board of Directors will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. Payment of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, and other factors, which our Board of Directors may deem relevant.       Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.           Set forth below is information regarding the issuance and sales of Eye On Media Network, Inc. capital stock without registration during the since inception, August 2, 2013. No sales involved the use of an underwriter and no commissions were paid in connection with the sale of any securities. The shares of our capital stock were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and the exempt transaction provisions of applicable state law.     During the period ending November 30, 2014 the Company issued 4,000 shares of its common stock for service in the amount of $4,000.     On January 10, 2015, the Company sold 18,000 shares of its common stock to various non-related parties in exchange for cash proceeds of $18,000. The shares were sold at $1.00 per share.     On January 10, 2015, the Company issued 110,500 shares of its common stock to various non-related parties for services in the amount of $110,500. The shares were issued at $1.00 per share.     On March 8, 2015, the Company issued 40,000 restricted shares of its common stock to Uptick Capital LLC in exchange for strategic planning services, recorded at the fair market value of the share price, in the amount of $60,000.      On July 2, 2015, the Company issued 80,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $20,000. The shares were issued at $$0.25 per share.     On September 3, 2015, the Company sold 10,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $5,000. The shares were issued at $0.50 per share.     On September 18, 2015, the Company sold 50,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $50,000. The shares were issued at $1.00 per share.           On October 2, 2015, the Company sold 125,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $50,000. The shares were issued at $0.40 per share.     On January 1, 2016, the Company issued 286,970 shares of common stock to non- related parties in exchange for services. The shares were issued at $1.08 per share and valued at approximately $311,000.     On July 13, 2016, the Company sold 20,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $5,000. The shares were issued at $0.25 per share.     On August 5, 2016, the Company issued 94,481 shares of common stock to non- related parties in exchange for services. The shares were issued at approximately $0.59 per share and valued at approximately $55,578.       Item 6. Selected Financial Data.       The registrant qualifies as a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1) and is not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.        The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.   We use words such as  anticipates,   believes,   plans,   expects,   future,   intends,  and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report.  Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this report .  The management s discussion, analysis of financial condition, and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. For example, a few of the uncertainties that could affect the accuracy of forward-looking statements include:               (a)      an abrupt economic change resulting in an unexpected downturn in demand for our services;                 (b)      governmental restrictions or excessive taxes on our services;                 (c)      economic resources to support the development of our projects;                 (d)      expansion plans, access to potential clients, and advances in technology; and.                 (e)      lack of working capital that could hinder acquisitions for development of our projects.                Our Business Overview.       Eye On Media Network, Inc. is a company that was incorporated in the State of Florida on August 2, 2013. Since inception on August 2, 2013, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining initial financing. The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination with an existing company. The Company selected August 31 as its fiscal year end. On September 3, 2013 we filed a Registration Statement on Form 10-12G with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. We are a reporting company and file all reports required under sections 13 and 15d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On January 22, 2014 we entered into share exchange agreements with the shareholders of Eye On South Florida, Inc. ( EOSF ), pursuant to which we acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of EOSF. EOSF is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company.                    Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company       We qualify as an emerging growth company as that term is used in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions included:                 (i)    A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management Discussion   Analysis disclosures;                            (ii)    Exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company s internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;                            (iii)    Reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company s executive compensation arrangements; and                            (iv)    No non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements.           We have already taken advantage of these reduced reporting burdens, which are also available to us as a smaller reporting company as defined under Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).     In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We are choosing to utilize the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the JOBS Act. This election allows our Company to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.      We could remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a  large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) which issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period.       Business of Issuer       The Company was organized as a vehicle to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation. On January 22, 2014, the Company entered into Share Exchange Agreements (collectively referred to as the  Exchange Agreement ) with the shareholders ( Shareholders ) of Eye On South Florida, Inc. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Shareholders agreed to exchange each of their shares of EOSF common stock (the  Target Shares ) for one (1) share of restricted common stock of the Company. The Shareholders collectively held a total of 24,725,000 Target Shares. The Shareholders are all friends, business associates or family members of our sole officer and director, Jack Namer. Each Shareholder is a sophisticated investor and except as otherwise designated, was a founding member or vendor of EOSF. As of the consummation of the Exchange Agreements, EOSF became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Our principal business activities are now conducted through our operation of EOSF.     Consideration for the Exchange Agreement consisted of one share of restricted common stock of the Company for each Target Share tendered by the Shareholders in the exchange. A total of 24,725,000 shares of restricted Company common stock were issued to forty-three (43) Shareholders for the Target Shares. The receipt of the Target Shares by the Company was determined by the Company Board of Directors to constitute adequate consideration for issuance of the Company common stock as a result of the value of the assets of EOSF. Prior to the execution of the Exchange Agreement there were three million (3,000,000) shares or our common stock issued and outstanding. Upon completion of the transaction involving the Exchange Agreement, there were 27,725,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. The acquisition was accounted for by the Company as a reverse merger wherein an operating, private company (Eye on South Florida, Inc.) was acquired by the Registrant.           Our subsidiary, Eye On South Florida, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Florida on January 18, 2013. EOSF is actively engaged in the acquisition, development, production and distribution of television and multi-media programming content.     EOSF is generating revenue from banner advertisements on our website (www.eyeonsouthflorida.com), commercial productions, event planners, corporate videos, infomercials, public announcements, pay-per-view live broadcasted transmissions and advertisers, desiring to promote their productions, events and brands alongside the various distribution mediums. In addition, the Company is generating revenue from other production companies and/or television networks that request on-site filming and/or our original feeds with the use of our communication technology and equipment. Eye On South Florida has been assisting and providing valuable airtime pro-bono to non-profit organizations with sponsored ads, in order to promote their fund raising events for important causes in the community. Some of our clients currently include Hard Rock Hotel   Casino, AutoNation, Florida Metro Rail, Fort Lauderdale Chamber of Commerce, Shino Bay Dermatology, DelVecchio Pizza and Universal Insurance.     EOMN is distributing its content thru the available delivery companies listed below: These statistics are available on Wikipedia and Nielsen ratings.               a.  COMCAST: the largest cable television company in the United States with over 22 million subscribers.                     b.  DIRECT TV, LLC: As of December 2012, DirecTV had 35.56 million subscribers.                     c.  DISH TV: As of October 2012, Dish TV had 13 million subscribers.                     d.  Roku network on September 16, 2014, announced 10 million subscribers.           These distribution delivery companies do not include the international markets of China, South America and Africa, which we intend to target for additional distribution of our content.     The Company subsidiary, Eye On South Florida, Inc. is a fully operational television network appearing over the air on Channel 16 Florida and widely viewed on the internet and all mobile devices. The viewing area of Channel 16 extends from Vero Beach, Florida through West Palm Beach, Fort Lauderdale, Miami to Key West and west Martin County Florida which comprises approximately 2,800,000 households. We also distribute streaming content separately on the internet through our website www.channel16live.com. For example, over the weekend of April 26-27, 2014, we covered the La Martina Miami Beach Polo World Cup. There were seven different advertisers for this event that are paying us for publication of their advertisements. We currently distribute our news and event coverage content to DIRECTV, DISH TV and the Roku network. There is no written agreement with Comcast. As is customary in the industry, our content is sold through a media broker to the above networks. Our independent media buyer/broker is IHN Media Services, LLC of San Antonio, Texas. We have no ownership interest in such company. The agreement for services with IHN Media Services, LLC is verbal. The material terms are that certain services in connection with Company's planning, preparing and placing of advertising for the Company as follows:                 a.     Analyze present and potential television marketing and advertising opportunities; and                             b.     Provide television advertising on all cable carries including, but not limited to, Time Warner, Comcast, Cox, Verizon FIOS, Bright House Cable, Sudden Link, Grande, WOW Cable) with such services to include all broadcast stations as well as all ad-supported cable networks and syndicated programming; and                             c.     Provide all of its services at fair and competitive rates in markets both locally and nationally; and                             d.     Negotiate for appropriate weekly/monthly media schedules at the lowest possible media costs for the Company s advertising purposes; and.                             e.     Provide Company with written schedules of all media time placements made for the Client indicating the national and local media that is selected, and the dates, days, times, and costs of that media. Company will be given the opportunity to approve all advertising schedules for placement by Agency; and                             f.    Agency will provide the Company with weekly, monthly, or flight invoices for the gross amount of media time that is purchased for the Client s advertising purposes; and                            g.     Identify and procure clients for Company that seek advertising on its or other media networks and seek commercials that Company can produce for them for a fee.                     The Company will pay the Agency for its services on a monthly basis. Amounts paid for the Agency s services will vary from region to region where the Company s content is distributed.     For a thorough listing of the types of television content we produce visit our website at www.eyeonsouthflorida.com. Selected examples of the types of products and services we provide include:                   Creation of television news and event coverage content for several charities including non-profit Children s Diagnostic   Treatment Center in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, non-profit Go Riverwalk Fort Lauderdale, non-profit Guardian Behavioral Health Foundation in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, non-profit Seafarer s House in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida and, non-profit Unicorn Children s Foundation in Boca Raton, Florida; and                           Event coverage of various artistic and entertainment events including the Palm Beach International Film Festival 2014, the Miami International Film Festival 2014, The Sundance Film Festival 2014 in Park City, Utah and Ban Cancer Concert 2014 hosted by the Richard J. Fox Foundation, the Delray Beach Garlic Festival, the 3 rd  Annual Stone Crab   Seafood Festival-Ft. Lauderdale and, the 26 th  Annual Las Olas Art Fair   Ft. Lauderdale, and the John Offerdahl Gridiron Grill-Off 2013; and                           Creation of documentary series including  Cooking With Fire  (about firefighter cooking contest), series on human trafficking with involvement of the Wasie Foundation of Ft. Lauderdale, and a documentary series regarding Wayne and Marti Huizenga; and                           Creation of commercials for various types of businesses including, for example, attorneys, doctors, dermatologists and motor vehicle dealerships.             Plan of Operation       Our plan of operation for the next twelve months will be to expand our client base. As we continue to grow we will need to raise additional funds. We do anticipate obtaining additional financing to fund operations through common stock offerings, to the extent available, or to obtain additional financing to the extent necessary to augment our working capital. We intend to continue to use the income from our current clients to continue to meet our operating expenses. We do not have need for the purchase of any property or equipment at this time. We will not have any significant changes in the current number of employees.      Our director has verbally agreed to continue to fund our operations as needed over the next 12 months until cash flows are sufficient to sustain operations. Pursuant to the agreement our CEO has agreed to only the return of his capital with no interest or other consideration. Thus far there has not been any need for funds beyond the $6,000 in loans previously provided to the Company by our CEO, Jack Namer. In addition, our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise capital to continue to expand our operations. Although we are not presently engaged in any capital raising activities, we anticipate that we may engage in one or more private offering of our company s securities after the completion of this offering. We would most likely rely upon the transaction exemptions from registration provided by Regulation D, Rule 506 or conduct another private offering under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. See  Note 2   Going Concern  in our financial statements for additional information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a  going concern.      While a strategic and wisely executed marketing campaign is key to expanding our customer base; providing new, cutting-edge, innovative strategies developed and implemented for our clients, will provide a solid platform upon which our operations will continue to grow and deliver long-term success. There is no guarantee that we will be able to fund the Company s expenses out of operations. In that case our CEO has agreed to fund the projects. We also will most likely rely upon the transaction exemptions from registration provided by Regulation D, Rule 506 or conduct another private offering under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933.             Financial Condition         Results of Operations for year    s     ended August 31, 201    6 and 2015         Revenues.        Total Revenue.  Total revenues for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were $18,900 and $75,604, respectively. Revenues were the results of operations.       Expenses.        Total Expenses.  Total expenses for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were $852,446 and $705,731, respectively. Total expenses included contractor costs of $19,041 and $114,668, respectively; stock issued for services of $366,578 and $174,500, respectively; professional fees of $66,064 and $42,437, respectively; general and administrative of $54,366 and $34,937, respectively; and depreciation of $346,397 and $339,189, respectively. Contractor cost decreased by approximately 83%. The primary reason for the decrease was due to a decline in the number of media events the Company participated in and the Company being more proficient in their editing and production process. Stock issued for services increase by approximately 110%. This increase was due to restricted common stock issued for services rendered. Professional fees increased by approximately 56%. This increase was due to efforts to utilize investment banking firms for stock awareness. General and administrative fees increased by approximately 56%. This increase is the result of production cost directly related to operations.       Gain (loss) on settlement of payables.  Gain (loss) on settlement of payables for years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $6,197, respectively. Gain (loss) on settlement of payables was the result of the acquisition of EOSF.       Financial Condition.        Total Assets.  Total assets at August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 were $993,757 and $1,345,450, respectively. Total assets consist of cash of $2,071 and $7,367, respectively and property and equipment, net of depreciation in the amount of $991,686 and $1,338,083, respectively. The property and equipment was acquired through the issuance of stock.       Total Liabilities.  Total liabilities at August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 were $6,625 and $1,350, respectively. Total liabilities consist entirely of accounts payable.       Liquidity and Capital Resources.       The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.      The Company sustained a loss for the year ended August 31, 2016 of $833,546 as compared to the loss for the year ended August 31, 2015 of $623,930. In addition, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $1,975,831 at August 31, 2016. Because of the absence of positive cash flows from operations, the Company will require additional funding for continuing the development and marketing of products. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.     We are presently unable to meet our obligations as they come due. At August 31, 2016, we had a working capital deficit of $4,554. Our working capital deficit is due to operations.      Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was ($115,296) and ($41,233), respectively. Net cash used in operating activities is our net loss, less depreciation and amortization, bad debt expense, shares issued for services and further adjusted by increases and decreases in certain assets and liabilities. Cash for operating activities was provided by operating activities.            Net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $110,000 and $38,000, respectively. Net cash provided by financing for the year ended August 31, 2016 included proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $110,000. Net cash provided by financing for the year ended August 31, 2015 included proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $38,000.     We anticipate that our future liquidity requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations, pay current obligations and future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding for such requirements are expected to be cash generated from operations and raising additional funds from the private sources and/or debt financing. However, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations and/or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us, if at all, to remain a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability. Our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise capital to continue to expand our operations and to seek merger candidates and/or acquisitions. Although we are not presently engaged in any capital raising activities, we anticipate that we may engage in one or more private offering of our company s securities. We would most likely rely upon the transaction exemptions from registration provided by Regulation D, Rule 506 or conduct another private offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. See  Note 2   Going Concern  in our financial statements for additional information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a  going concern.      We have no known demands or commitments and are not aware of any events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to materially increase or decrease our current liquidity.     We are not aware of any trends or known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in material increases or decreases in liquidity.     We had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of August 31, 2016.       Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.       We have made no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.       Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk.       The registrant qualifies as a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1) and is not required to provide the information required by this Item.       Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.       The report of the independent registered public accounting firm and the financial statements listed on the accompanying index at page F-1 of this report are filed as part of this report and incorporated herein by reference.       Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.       We did not have any disagreements on accounting and financial disclosure with our accounting firm during the reporting period.             Item 9A. Controls and Procedures         (a) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.       The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.     As of August 31, 2016, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our financial disclosure controls and procedures were not effective so as to timely identify, correct and disclose information required to be included on our Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) reports due to the Company s limited internal resources and lack of ability to have multiple levels of transaction review. Through the use of external consultants and the review process, management believes that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct.     As of August 31, 2016, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and based on the criteria for effective internal control described  Internal Control   Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective so as to timely identify, correct and disclose information required to be included on our Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) reports due to the Company s limited internal resources and lack of ability to have multiple levels of transaction review. Through the use of external consultants and the review process, management believes that the financial statements and other information presented herewith are materially correct.     The management including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures, or its internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any within the Company have been detected.     This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report.     This report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of this section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.       (b) Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting       We have not made any significant changes to our internal controls subsequent to the Evaluation Date. We have not identified any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses or other factors that could significantly affect these controls, and therefore, no corrective action was taken.       Item 9B. Other Information.       None.             PART III         Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.       The names and ages of our directors and executive officers as of August 31, 2016 are set forth below. Our Bylaws provide for not less than one and not more than fifteen directors. All directors are elected annually by the stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified.              Name          Age          Position                                  Jack Namer (1)      64      President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, Director (1)      _________  (1) Jack Namer will serve as a director until the next annual shareholder meeting.       Jack Namer, President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director.      From 2011 through the present, Mr. Jack Namer has been the Chief Executive Officer for Eye On South Florida.com, which was incorporated as Eye On South Florida, Inc. in January 2013. Mr. Namer has been responsible for the development from inception of a concept for the real-time broadcast quality delivery via the Internet and all existing smart devices. He also has been engaged in arranging and delivering low-power television transmission of current events for non-profit entities and organizations. These events include black-tie fundraising events, press conferences and the like. Mr. Namer intends to use his past experience in the television marketplace for developing content on a national basis for all affinity groups to facilitate delivery of their respective messages.     From 2006 through 2011, Mr. Namer was employed as the Chief Executive Officer for BlackBook2.com, LLC in Fort Lauderdale Florida. Mr. Namer developed and implemented the Internet portal for BlackBook2.com. His responsibilities with the company included portal development and pricing; development of website coding and e-commerce techniques; negotiating contracts with advertisers; negotiating strategic contracts with various high-profile Internet search engines to drive viewers to the company portal; and negotiating stock-purchase acquisitions of various telecommunications companies. Mr. Namer sold the controlling interest of BlackBook2.com, Inc. to a public company in May, 2011.     Throughout Mr. Namer s business career, he has been substantially involved in mergers and acquisitions involving various companies with which he has been associated. As a result of this vast business experience spanning in excess of 25 years, we believe that Mr. Namer is very well suited to serve as the Chief Executive Officer for our Company.       Significant Employees   .  None.       Family Relationships.   None.       Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings.   To the best of our knowledge, except as set forth herein, none of the directors or director designees to our knowledge has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors, or has been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past five years that resulted in a judgment decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement.     The Board of Directors acts as the Audit Committee, and the Board has no separate committees. The Company has no qualified financial expert at this time because it has not been able to hire a qualified candidate. Further, the Company believes that it has inadequate financial resources at this time to hire such expert. The Company intends to continue to search for a qualified individual for hire.             Code of Ethics.   We previously adopted a Code of Ethics that was attached as an exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on January 14, 2014.       Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors.       We do not have a nominating committee of the Board of Directors, or any committee performing similar functions. Nominees for election as a director are selected by the Board of Directors.     We do not yet have an audit committee or an audit committee financial expert. We expect to form such a committee composed of our non-employee directors. We may in the future attempt to add a qualified board member to serve as an audit committee financial expert in the future, subject to our ability to locate and compensate such a person. Despite the lack of an audit committee, those members of the board of directors that would otherwise be on our audit committee will continue to analyze and investigate our actual and potential businesses prospects as members of our board of directors. Furthermore, our entire board of directors is aware of the importance of the financial and accounting due diligence that must be undertaken in furtherance of our business and they intend to conduct a comprehensive accounting financial analysis of the Company s business.       Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation.       As of August 31, 2016 our Board of Directors consisted solely of Jack Namer. At present, the Board of Directors has not established any committees.       Director Compensation.       There are currently no compensation arrangements in place for members of the board of directors.       Item 11. Executive Compensation.       The following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, and the executive officers who served at the end of the period August 31, 2016, for services rendered in all capacities to us. The listed individuals shall hereinafter be referred to as the  Named Executive Officers.  Currently, we have no employment agreements with any of our Directors or Officers. All of our directors are unpaid. Compensation for the future will be determined when and if additional funding is obtained.       Summary Compensation Table   Officers                   There is no employment contract with Mr. Jack Namer at this time. Nor are there any agreements for compensation in the future. A salary and stock options and/or warrants program may be developed in the future.. The amount of value for the services of Mr. Namer was determined by agreement for shares in which he received as a founders for (1) control (2) willingness to serve on the Board of Directors and (3) participation in the foundational days of the corporation. The amount received by Mr. Namer is not reflective of the true value of the contributed efforts by Mr. Namer and was arbitrarily determined by the company.       Director Compensation                (a)           (b)                (c)                (d)                (e)                (f)                 (g)                (h)                       Fees                                                    Non-equity                    Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified                                                             earned or                                                    incentive                    deferred                                                                       paid in    cash                    Stock    Awards                    Option    Award(s)                    plan    compensation                    compensation    earnings                  All other     Compensation                Total             Name            ($)                    ($)                    ($)                       ($)                       ($)                       ($)                    ($)                                                                                                                                                                 Jack Namer, President, CEO             -0-                 -0-                 -0-                 -0-                 -0-                 -0-                 -0-          _______         (1)  There is no employment contract with Mr. Namer at this time. Nor are there any agreements for compensation in the future. A salary and stock options and/or warrants program may be developed in the future.          Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.       The following table sets forth information concerning the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock with respect to stockholders who were known by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of our common stock as of August 31, 2016, and our officers and directors, individually and as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of common stock.     Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with the SEC rules, shares of our common stock which may be acquired upon exercise of stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within 60 days of the date of the table are deemed beneficially owned by the optionees, if applicable. Subject to community property laws, where applicable, the persons or entities named below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.              _______         (1)    Jack Namer is our Chief Executive Officer and the sole director for our Company.               (2)    This figure represents the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned assuming that Mr. Namer would have converted all of his Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the rate of 10 common shares for each share of his preferred stock.               (3)    This figure represents the percentage of shares of common stock beneficially owned assuming that Mr. Namer would have converted all of his Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the rate of 10 common shares for each share of his preferred stock.               (4)    This figure represents the number of shares of common stock that Mr. Namer could vote in the event that he would have converted all of his Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the rate of 10 common shares for each share of his preferred stock. Notwithstanding any potential conversion of the preferred stock to common stock, Mr. Namer may exercise 10 votes per share of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in any matter that is put to the shareholders of the Company for a vote.               (5)    This figure represents the percentage of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Amy Nalewaik assuming that Mr. Namer would have converted all of his Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the rate of 10 common shares for each share of his preferred stock.               (6)    The only class of preferred stock issued and outstanding is the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series A preferred stock has 10 votes per share and is convertible into 10 shares of our common stock at the election of the shareholder.               (7)    This figure represents the number of total votes per share of the preferred stock that Mr. Namer possesses and could vote in the event that he has not converted any of his Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.                         Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.         Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons.       None       Director Independence.       We have not established our own definition for determining whether our director or nominees for directors are  independent  nor has it adopted any other standard of independence employed by any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system, though our current directors would not be deemed to be  independent  under any applicable definition given that they are officers of the Company. We also have not established any committees of the Board of Directors.      Given the nature of our Company, its limited shareholder base and the current composition of management, the Board of Directors does not believe that we require any corporate governance committees at this time. As our operations generate revenue we intend to seek additional members for our board of directors and establish our own definition of  independent  as related to directors and nominees for directors. We further intend to establish committees that will be suitable for our operations as our business operations warrant.     Our Company retained the services of Stevenson   Company CPAs, LLC to conduct the August 31, 2016 and 2015 audits of Financial Statements. The Audit of Financial Statements are the only services provided by Stevenson   Company CPAs, LLC.       Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.             The Company does not currently have an audit committee. The normal functions of the audit committee are handled by the board of directors. The Board of Directors, performing normal functions of the audit committee, approved 100% of the fees for services performed by Stevenson   Company CPAs, LLC.             PART IV         Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule.                Exhibit Number and Description        Location Reference                 (a)    Consolidated financial Statements      Filed Herewith                (b)    Exhibits required by Item 601, Regulation SB;                      (3.0)    Articles of Incorporation                          (3.1)    Initial Articles of Incorporation filed with Form 10 Registration Statement on September 3, 2013       See Exhibit Key                        (3.2)    Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed with Form 8-K/A No. 2 on April 11, 2014       See Exhibit Key                        (3.3)    Bylaws filed with Form 10 Registration Statement on September 3, 2013       See Exhibit Key                      (10.0)    Share Exchange Agreement filed With Form 8-K on January 27, 2014       See Exhibit Key                    (11.0)    Statement re: computation of per share Earnings      Note 2 to Financial Stmts.                    (14.0)    Code of Ethics filed with Form 10-Q on January 14, 2014       See Exhibit Key                    (21.0)    List of Subsidiaries Filed with Form 10-K on January 27, 2014       See Exhibit Key                     (31.1)      Certificate of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002        Filed herewith                     (32.1)      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002        Filed herewith                  (101.INS)    XBRL Instance Document      Filed herewith      (101.SCH)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Schema Document      Filed herewith      (101.CAL)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Calculation Linkbase Document      Filed herewith      (101.DEF)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Definition Linkbase Document      Filed herewith      (101.LAB)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Label Linkbase Document      Filed herewith      (101.PRE)    XBRL Taxonomy Ext. Presentation Linkbase Document      Filed herewith                 Exhibit Key                   3.1      Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 3, 2013.              3.2      Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 11, 2014.              3.3      Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 3, 2013.              10.0      Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 27, 2014.              14.0      Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14, 2014.              21.0      Incorporated by reference herein to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 27, 2014.                 SIGNATURES         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK, INC.               NAME            TITLE            DATE                     /s/ Jack Namer        Principal Executive Officer,  Principal Accounting Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors       November 14, 2016      Jack Namer                 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.              NAME            TITLE            DATE                     /s/ Jack Namer        Principal Executive Officer,  Principal Accounting Officer, Principal Financial Officer,  Chairman of the Board of Directors       November 14, 2016      Jack Namer                  Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants    Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act.  None.             EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK, INC.      INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM       The Board of Directors and Stockholders  Eye on Media Network, Inc.     We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Eye on Media Network, Inc. as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statement of operations, stockholders  deficiency, and cash flows for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.      We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Eye on Media Network, Inc. as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has significant net losses and cash flow deficiencies. Those conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.        /s/ Stevenson   Company CPAS LLC                          Stevenson   Company CPAS LLC  Tampa, Florida  11/14/2016                    PCAOB Registered               AICPA Member                   F-2       
     Table of Contents           EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS              See notes to the consolidated financial statements                    F-3       
     Table of Contents           EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS              See notes to the consolidated financial statements                    F-4       
     Table of Contents             EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015              See notes to the consolidated financial statements                    F-5       
     Table of Contents           EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS              See notes to the consolidated financial statements                    F-6       
     Table of Contents           EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015      Note 1 - Nature of Operations and Principles of Consolidation        EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC. ( EYE  or the  Company ) was incorporated in Florida on August 2, 2013, with an objective to acquire, or merge with, an operating business. On January 22, 2014 the Company acquired an operating company, Eye on South Florida in a reverse merger.      Eye on South Florida, Inc. (EOSF), a corporation, was chartered in the State of Florida on January 18, 2013 as a media organization for the purpose of providing television services as an independent producer and distributor of television programming locally and nationally. The programming is based on content that is produced and filmed in South Florida, on subjects that are relevant to the South Florida area.     As of January 22, 2014, the Company is in the business of providing television services to areas around the state and the country.     These consolidated financial statements include the activity of Eye on South Florida from inception (January 18, 2013) and the activity of Eye on Media Network as of January 22, 2014, the date of the reverse merger. The balance sheet as of August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 contains the combined accounts both companies.      All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been elimminated in consolidation.      Note 2 -   Summary of   Significant Accounting Policies       Going Concern      The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced, to cease operations.     In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan to obtain such resources for the Company include, obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.     There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition, profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.      Basis of Presentation and Use of Estimates      The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"), which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.                 F-7       
     Table of Contents          EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015      Fiscal Year End      The Company elected August 31 as its fiscal year ending date.      Cash Flows Reporting      The Company follows ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments      Financial Instruments      The Company s balance sheet includes certain financial instruments, including cash and accounts payable. The carrying amounts of current assets and current liabilities approximate their fair value because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization.      ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:                Level 1    Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.                      Level 2    Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.                      Level 3    Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.         Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of August 31, 2016. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments.                  F-8       
     Table of Contents          EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015      Cash and Cash Equivalents      The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $2,071 at August 31, 2016 and $7,367 at August 31, 2015.     Credit risk associated with cash deposits are insured under FDIC up to $250,000 per depositor, per FDIC insured bank, per ownership category. At such time, as the Company s cash deposits exceed FDIC limits, the Company will reassess their credit risk.      Revenue Recognition      The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.     The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met:                    persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists           the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer           the sales price is fixed or determinable           collectability is reasonably assured.        The Company generates revenue through four processes: (1) Media Production, (2) Commercial Production, Distribution and (3) Advertising Sales and Distribution (4) Live Broadcasting of Events.                   Revenue for media production of original content. The company recognizes a sale when the production is completed and ready for distribution. The burden of distribution and risk of loss has passed to the customer.           Revenue for production of television grade HD Commercials. Revenue is recognized when the services have been performed and passed on to the customer.           Revenue for distribution of commercials and content service fees is recognized ratably over the term of the advertising agreement.           Revenue for live broadcasting of original content. The company recognizes a sale when the live broadcast / production is contracted and completed. The burden of distribution and risk of loss has passed to the customer.                    F-9       
     Table of Contents          EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015         Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers      For the year ended August 31, 2016, the Company derived 76% or $14,450 of its total revenue of $18,900 from three customers. JM Lexus represented 53% or $10,000; Unicorn Children s represented 13% or $2,550 and Broward 211 represented 10% or $1,900. For the year ended August 31, 2015, the Company derived 28% or $21,325 of its total revenue of $75,604 from two customers. JM Lexus represented 17% or 12,700 and Sportman Adventure represented 11% or $8,625..      Property and Equipment      Property and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by the straight-line method over estimated useful lives.      Long-lived assets such as property, equipment and identifiable intangibles are reviewed for impairment at least annually or whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. When required, impairment losses on assets to be held and used are recognized based on the fair value of the asset. The fair value is determined based on estimates of future cash flows, market value of similar assets, if available, or independent appraisals, if required. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of the asset. The Company did not recognize any impairment losses for any periods presented.      Deferred Income Taxes and Valuation Allowance      The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740,  Income Taxes . Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. No deferred tax assets or liabilities were recognized as of August 31, 2016.      Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share      Net income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share.  The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period is used to compute basic earning or loss per share. Diluted earnings or loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares and diluted potential common shares outstanding. Dilutive potential common shares are additional common shares assumed to be exercised.     Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at August 31, 2016. At August 31, 2016, there were 50,000,000 of preferred convertible shares that were not included because they would be anti-dilutive.            EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015      Share-Based Expense      ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation , prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).     The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50,  Equity   Based Payments to Non-Employees.  Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable:(a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.      Share-based expense for the year ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $366,578 and $174,500, respectively.       Recent Accounting Pronouncements      From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial statements.     ASU Update 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606) issued May 28, 2014 by FASB and IASB converged guidance on recognizing revenue in contracts with customers on an effective date after December 31, 2017 will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly.     ASU Update 2014-15  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern  (Sub Topic 205-40) issued August 27, 2014 by FASB defines management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is a substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern. The additional disclosure required is effective after December 31, 2016 and will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly.      Note   3 -   Property, Plant and Equipment       The Company has capitalized costs for property, plant and equipment as follows:           Depreciation for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $346,398, and $339,189, respectively.             EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015        Note 4 -   Accounts Payable      At August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, accounts payable was $6,625 and $1,350, respectively.       Note   5   - Income Taxes      At August 31, 2016, the Company had a net operating loss carry forward for Federal income tax purposes of approximately $1,975,831 that may be offset against future taxable income through 2033 No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards in the accompanying financial statements because the Company believes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets calculated at the effective rates note below, was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are fully offset by the valuation allowance.     Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realizability.      The Company s tax expense differs from the  expected  tax expense for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying the United States Federal tax rate of 34% and State tax rate of 3.6% to income before taxes), as follows:           The tax effects of the temporary differences between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities.     In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.     For the years ending August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015, the Company has net operating losses from operations. The carry forwards expire through the year 2033. The Company s net operating loss carry forward may be subject to annual limitations, which could reduce or defer the utilization of the losses as a result of an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. A valuation allowance has been applied due to the uncertainty of realization.              EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015     The Company s net deferred tax asset as of August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 is as follows:            The Company is currently open to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service for the period from inception ended August 31, 2013 through the year ended August 31, 2016. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income taxes in income tax expense. The Company had incurred no penalties and interest through the year ended August 31, 2016.      Note   6   - Equity       Preferred Stock      The Company has been authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of $.001 par value Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is expressly vested with the authority to divide any or all of the Preferred Stock into series and to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of the shares of each series so established, within certain guidelines established in the Articles of Incorporation. As of August 31, 2016 and 2015 there are 50,000,000 and 50,000,000 shares of Series  A  Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively.       Common Stock      The Company has been authorized to issue 750,000,000 shares of common stock, $.001 par value. Each share of issued and outstanding common stock shall entitle the holder thereof to fully participate in all shareholder meetings, to cast one vote on each matter with respect to which shareholders have the right to vote, and to share ratably in all dividends and other distributions declared and paid with respect to common stock, as well as in the net assets of the corporation upon liquidation or dissolution.      During the period ending November 30, 2014 the Company issued 4,000 shares of its common stock for service in the amount of $4,000.     On January 10, 2015, the Company sold 18,000 shares of its common stock to various non-related parties in exchange for cash proceeds of $18,000. The shares were sold at $1.00 per share.     On January 10, 2015, the Company issued 110,500 shares of its common stock to various non-related parties for services in the amount of $110,500. The shares were issued at $1.00 per share.                EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK INC.    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  For the Years Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015     On March 8, 2015, the Company issued 40,000 restricted shares of its common stock to Uptick Capital LLC in exchange for strategic planning services, recorded at the fair market value of the share price, in the amount of $60,000.      On July 2, 2015, the Company issued 80,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $20,000. The shares were issued at $$0.25 per share.     On September 3, 2015, the Company sold 10,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $5,000. The shares were issued at $0.50 per share.     On September 18, 2015, the Company sold 50,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $50,000. The shares were issued at $1.00 per share.     On October 2, 2015, the Company sold 125,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $50,000. The shares were issued at $0.40 per share.     On January 1, 2016, the Company issued 286,970 shares of common stock to non- related parties in exchange for services. The shares were issued at $1.08 per share and valued at approximately $311,000.     On July 13, 2016, the Company sold 20,000 shares of common stock to a non-related party in exchange for cash proceeds of $5,000. The shares were issued at $0.25 per share.     On August 5, 2016, the Company issued 94,481 shares of common stock to non- related parties in exchange for services. The shares were issued at approximately $0.59 per share and valued at approximately $55,578.     As of August 31, 2016, there are 28,576,951 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.      Options and Warrants      There are no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares of common stock of the Company as of August 31, 2016.      Note   7   - Related Party Transaction      The Company has been provided office space by a member of the Board of Directors at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in its financial statements.     The above amount is not necessarily indicative of the amount that would have been incurred had a comparable transaction been entered into with independent parties.       Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies      From time to time the Company may be a party to litigation matters involving claims against the Company. Management believes that there are no current matters that would have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.      Note   9   - Subsequent Events       Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were available to be issued, considered to be the date of filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based on our evaluation no events have occurred requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.               

<EX-31.1>
 2
 eye_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   eye_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer      I, Jack Namer, certify that:            1.    I have reviewed this Annual report on Form 10-K of Eye On Media Network, Inc.;               2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                   5.    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                    (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                       EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK, INC.                      Date: November 14, 2016  By:   /s/ Jack Namer                  Jack Namer             Chief Executive Officer             Chief Financial Officer                  Chief Accounting Officer               

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 eye_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   eye_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       Certification of Chief Executive Officer    and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer    Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350      In connection with the Annual Report of Eye On Media Network, Inc., (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jack Namer, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge that:                 (i)  the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and                         (ii)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report.         It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Security Exchange Act of 1934.                   EYE ON MEDIA NETWORK, INC.                     Date: November 14, 2016  By:   /s/ Jack Namer                  Jack Namer              Chief Executive Officer             Chief Financial Officer                  Chief Accounting Officer               

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 eye-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 eye-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 eye-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 eye-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 eye-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 eye-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

