<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_832428_0000832428-16-000100_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8805698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100048</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>449548</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3047720</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3802263</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1234685</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000832428-16-000100.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104150803
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000832428-16-000100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			E.W. SCRIPPS Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000832428
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		IRS NUMBER:				311223339
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-16914
		FILM NUMBER:		161974881

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		312 WALNUT STREET
		CITY:			CININNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5139773000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		312 WALNUT STREET
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCRIPPS E W CO /DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000832428-16-000100.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 ssp-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016        
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        

Commission File Number 0-16914 
  THE E.W. SCRIPPS COMPANY 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Ohio 
  (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    31-1223339 
  (IRS Employer 
  Identification Number) 

312 Walnut Street 
  Cincinnati, Ohio 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    45202 
  (Zip Code) 
      Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (513) 977-3000 
      Not applicable 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                           Large accelerated filer     
      
    Accelerated filer   o    
      
    Non-accelerated filer   o    
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes   o   No     
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   70,965,458   of the registrant s Class A Common shares, $.01 par value per share, outstanding and   11,932,722   of the registrant s Common Voting shares, $.01 par value per share, outstanding. 

Index to The E.W. Scripps Company Quarterly Report 
  on Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended   September 30, 2016    
                   Item No. 
      
    Page 

PART I - Financial Information  

1. Financial Statements  
      
    3 

2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    3 

3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      
    3 

4. Controls and Procedures  
      
    3 

PART II - Other Information  

1. Legal Proceedings  
      
    3 

1A. Risk Factors  
      
    3 

2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
    3 

3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      
    4 

4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
      
    4 

5. Other Information  
      
    4 

6. Exhibits  
      
    4 

Signatures  
      
    5 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
    
  As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the terms  Scripps,   Company,   we,   our,  or  us  may, depending on the context, refer to The E.W. Scripps Company, to one or more of its consolidated subsidiary companies, or to all of them taken as a whole. 
    
  Item 1. Financial Statements  
    
  The information required by this item is filed as part of this Form 10-Q. See Index to Financial Information at page F-1 of this Form 10-Q. 
    
  Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The information required by this item is filed as part of this Form 10-Q. See Index to Financial Information at page F-1 of this Form 10-Q. 
    
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    
  The information required by this item is filed as part of this Form 10-Q. See Index to Financial Information at page F-1 of this Form 10-Q. 
    
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    
  The information required by this item is filed as part of this Form 10-Q. See Index to Financial Information at page F-1 of this Form 10-Q. 
    
  PART II 
    
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    
  We are involved in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, such as defamation actions, and governmental proceedings primarily relating to renewal of broadcast licenses, none of which is expected to result in material loss. 
    
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    
  There were no sales of unregistered equity securities during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The following table provides information about Company purchases of Class A Common shares during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   and the remaining amount that may still be purchased under the program.  

3 

     Table of Contents  

In May 2014, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase program of up to $100 million of our Class A Common shares through December 2016. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $54.1 million   remained under the authorization. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
  There were no defaults upon senior securities during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
  None. 
    
  Item 5. Other Information 
    
  None.  
    
  Item 6. Exhibits 
  The information required by this item is filed as part of this Form 10-Q. See Index to Exhibits at page E-1 of this Form 10-Q. 

4 

Table of Contents  

Signatures 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

THE E.W. SCRIPPS COMPANY 

Dated: November 4, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Douglas F. Lyons                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Douglas F. Lyons 

Vice President, Controller and Treasurer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

5 

Table of Contents  

The E.W. Scripps Company 
  Index to Financial Information (Unaudited) 
    
                   Item 
      
    Page 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      
    F-2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
      
    F-3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
      
    F-4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      
    F-5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity  
      
    F-6 

Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
    F-7 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    F-22 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      
    F-34 

Controls and Procedures  
      
    F-35 

F-1 

Table of Contents  

The E.W. Scripps Company 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   F-2 

Table of Contents  

The E.W. Scripps Company 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents  

The E.W. Scripps Company 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited)   

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   F-4 

Table of Contents  

The E.W. Scripps Company 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   F-5 

Table of Contents  

The E.W. Scripps Company 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) 

* Net of tax payments related to shares withheld for vested stock and RSUs of   $2,652   in   2016   and   $5,126   in   2015  . 
  See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents  

The E.W. Scripps Company 
  Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

1  .   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     
  As used in the Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the terms  Scripps,   Company,   we,   our,  or  us  may, depending on the context, refer to The E.W. Scripps Company, to one or more of its consolidated subsidiary companies or to all of them taken as a whole. 
  Basis of Presentation     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. The interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto included in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. In management's opinion, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation of the interim periods have been made.  
  Results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for future interim periods or for the full year. 
  Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation.  
  Nature of Operations     We are a diverse media enterprise with a portfolio of television, radio and digital media brands. All of our media businesses provide content and advertising services via digital platforms, including the Internet, smartphones and tablets. Our media businesses are organized into the following reportable business segments: television, radio, digital, and syndication and other. Additional information for our business segments is presented in the Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
  On April 1, 2015, we distributed our newspaper business to our shareholders in a tax-free spin-off. See Note   17   for information on the spin-off.  
    
  Use of Estimates     Preparing financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make a variety of decisions that affect the reported amounts and the related disclosures. Such decisions include the selection of accounting principles that reflect the economic substance of the underlying transactions and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. In reaching such decisions, we apply judgment based on our understanding and analysis of the relevant circumstances, including our historical experience, actuarial studies and other assumptions. 
    
  Our financial statements include estimates and assumptions used in accounting for our defined benefit pension plans; the periods over which long-lived assets are depreciated or amortized; the fair value of long-lived assets, goodwill and indefinite lived assets; the liability for uncertain tax positions and valuation allowances against deferred income tax assets; the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations; and self-insured risks. 
  While we re-evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis, actual results could differ from those estimated at the time of preparation of the financial statements. 
  Revenue Recognition     We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists, delivery occurs or services are rendered, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. When a sales arrangement contains multiple elements, such as the sale of advertising and other services, we allocate revenue to each element based upon its relative fair value. We report revenue net of sales and other taxes collected from our customers.  
  Our primary sources of revenue are from the sale of broadcast and digital advertising, as well as retransmission fees received from cable operators and satellite carriers.  
  The revenue recognition policies for each source of revenue are described in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Share-Based Compensation     We have a Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) which is described more fully in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The Plan provides for the award of incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units (RSUs), unrestricted Class A Common shares and performance units to key employees and non-employee directors. 
  
   F-7 

     Table of Contents  

Share-based compensation costs totaled   $(0.5) million   and   $1.4 million   for the   third quarter   of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. Year-to-date share-based compensation costs totaled   $6.7 million   and   $8.5 million   in   2016   and   2015  , respectively, of which   $1.1 million   for 2015 is included in discontinued operations. The credit balance for the third quarter of 2016 is due to an adjustment of our performance based share expense due to changes in our estimate of the number of shares that will vest. 
  Earnings Per Share ( EPS )       Unvested awards of share-based payments with rights to receive dividends or dividend equivalents, such as our RSUs, are considered participating securities for purposes of calculating EPS. Under the two-class method, we allocate a portion of net income to these participating securities and therefore exclude that income from the calculation of EPS for common stock. We do not allocate losses to the participating securities.    
  The following table presents information about basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding:    

(1)     Amount outstanding at balance sheet date, before application of the treasury stock method and not weighted for period outstanding.  
    
  For the quarter and nine month periods ended   September 30,     2015  , we incurred a loss and the inclusion of RSUs and stock options held by employees and directors would have been anti-dilutive, and accordingly the diluted EPS calculation for the period excludes those common share equivalents. 
    
  Derivative Financial Instruments     It is our policy that derivative transactions are executed only to manage exposures arising in the normal course of business and not for the purpose of creating speculative positions or trading. Derivative financial instruments are utilized to manage interest rate risks. We do not hold derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. All derivatives must be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Each derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge or remains undesignated. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and effective as cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transactions affected earnings. These changes are offset in earnings to the extent the hedge was effective by fair value changes related to the risk being hedged on the hedged item. Changes in the fair value of undesignated hedges are recognized currently in earnings. All ineffective changes in derivative fair values are recognized currently in earnings.  
    
  All designated hedges are formally documented as to the relationship with the hedged item as well as the risk-management strategy. Both at inception and on an ongoing basis, the hedging instrument is assessed as to its effectiveness, when applicable. If and when a derivative is determined not to be highly effective as a hedge, the underlying hedged transaction is no longer likely to occur, the hedge designation is removed, or the derivative is terminated, the hedge accounting discussed above is discontinued. 

2  .   Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Standards    
    
  Recently Adopted Accounting Standards     In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new guidance which simplifies the accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax consequences and classification on the statement of cash flows. Under the new guidance, excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies are recognized as a discrete component of the income tax provision in the period they occur and not as an adjustment to additional  
  
   F-8 

     Table of Contents  

paid-in capital. Also, a company's payments for tax withholdings should be classified in the statement of cash flows as a financing activity. It also requires excess tax benefits to be recorded on the exercise or vesting of share-based awards at the time they are deductible for income taxes and not when they reduce cash taxes. In addition, a company can now elect to record forfeitures of share-based awards as they occur or record estimated forfeitures with a true-up at the end of the vesting period. We have elected to early adopt this guidance effective January 1, 2016. The adoption used the modified retrospective transition method which had no impact on prior years. The impact of adopting this guidance was to record     $14.7 million     of previously unrecognized tax benefits, increasing deferred tax assets and opening retained earnings. We have elected to adopt a policy of recording actual forfeitures, the impact of which is immaterial to current or prior periods.       
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued new guidance related to the disclosures around consideration of going concern. The new standard provides guidance around management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The new standard was effective for us January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.    
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards       In August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. This new guidance was issued with the objective of reducing diversity in practice around eight specific types of cash flows. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.    
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued new guidance that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model that will replace today s  incurred loss  model and generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except that the losses will be recognized as an allowance. The guidance is effective in 2020 with early adoption permitted in 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial statements and the timing of adoption.    
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on the accounting for leases. Under this guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.    
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. This guidance primarily affects the accounting for equity method investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance on revenue recognition. Under this new standard, an entity shall recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard creates a five-step process that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of the contract(s) and all relevant facts and circumstances. This standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method and will be effective for us beginning in 2018. Early adoption is permitted in 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet determined a transition method.      

3  .   Acquisitions    
    
  Stitcher 
    
  On June 6, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Stitcher for a cash purchase price of   $4.5 million  . Stitcher is a popular podcast listening service which facilitates discovery and streaming for more than   65,000   podcasts. Stitcher operates as part of Midroll Media, which significantly broadens Midroll's consumer base and technological capabilities. Of the   $4.5 million   purchase price,   $2.9 million   was allocated to intangible assets, the majority of which was technological software with an estimated amortization period of   3   years. The remainder of the purchase price was allocated to goodwill. 

F-9 

     Table of Contents  

Cracked  
    
  On April 12, 2016, we acquired the multi-platform humor and satire brand Cracked, which informs and entertains millennial audiences with a website, original digital video, social media and a popular podcast. The purchase price was   $39 million   in cash.  
    
  The final fair values of the assets acquired were   $9.6 million   of intangibles and   $29.4 million   of goodwill. Of the   $9.6 million   allocated to intangible assets,   $7.6 million   was for trade names with an estimated amortization period of   20   years. The remaining balance of   $2.0 million   was allocated to content library with an estimated amortization period of   3   years. 
    
  The goodwill of   $29 million   arising from the transaction consists largely of the benefit we derive from being able to expand our presence and digital brands on the web, in over-the-top video and audio and on other emerging platforms. We allocated the goodwill to our digital segment. We treated the transaction as an asset acquisition for income tax purposes with a step-up in the assets acquired. The goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes.  
    
  From the acquisition date of April 12, 2016 through   September 30, 2016  , revenues from the acquired Cracked operations were   $2.4 million  .  
    
  Midroll Media 
    
  On July 22, 2015, we acquired Midroll Media, a company that creates original podcasts and operates a network that generates advertising revenue for more than   200   shows. The purchase price was   $50 million   in cash, plus a   $10 million   earnout payable over   three   years. We estimated the fair value of the earnout to be   $7 million  . 
    
  The following table summarizes the final fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed:  

Of the   $11 million   allocated to intangible assets,   $7 million   was allocated to advertiser relationships with an estimated amortization period of   5   years and the remaining balance of   $4 million   was allocated to various other intangible assets. 
    
  The goodwill of $  46 million   arising from the transaction consists largely of the benefit we derive from being able to enter the podcast market with an established business. We allocated the goodwill to our digital segment. We treated the transaction as an asset acquisition for income tax purposes with a step-up in the assets acquired. The goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. 
    
  Journal Communications Broadcast Group 
    
  On April 1, 2015, we acquired the broadcast group owned by Journal Communications, Inc. ("Journal") as part of the transactions described in Note   17  . The businesses acquired included   12   television stations and   34   radio stations. We issued   26.4   million Class A Common shares to the Journal shareholders in exchange for their interest in Journal for a purchase price of   $636 million  . The fair value of the shares issued was determined on the basis of the closing market price of our Class A Common shares on April 1, 2015, the acquisition date. 

F-10 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the final fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed:  

Of the   $295 million   allocated to intangible assets,   $112 million   was for FCC licenses which we determined to have an indefinite life and, therefore, are not amortized. The remaining balance of   $183 million   was allocated to television network affiliation relationships and advertiser relationships with estimated amortization periods of   10   to   20   years.  
    
  The goodwill of   $456 million   arising from the transaction consists largely of synergies and economies of scale and other benefits of a larger broadcast footprint. The goodwill was allocated to our television (  $395 million  ), radio (  $41 million  ) and digital (  $20 million  ) segments. We treated the transaction as a stock acquisition for income tax purposes resulting in no step-up in the assets acquired. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.  
    
  Concurrent with the acquisition of the Journal television stations, due to FCC conflict ownership rules, Journal was required to dispose of KNIN, the Fox affiliate located in Boise, ID. The station was placed in a divestiture trust for our benefit and was sold to Raycom Media, Inc. on October 1, 2015 for   $14.5 million  . The sale did not result in a gain or loss. 
    
  Pro forma results of operations 
    
  Pro forma results of operations, assuming the Journal transaction had taken place at the beginning of 2014, are included in the following table. The pro forma results do not include Midroll, Cracked or Stitcher as the impact of these acquisitions are not material to prior year results of operations. The pro forma information includes the historical results of operations of Scripps and Journal and adjustments for additional depreciation and amortization of the assets acquired, additional interest expense related to the financing of the transaction and reflects the transaction costs incurred in 2015 as if they were incurred in the first quarter of 2014. The weighted average shares utilized in calculating the earnings per share assumes that the shares issued to the Journal shareholders were issued on January 1, 2014. The pro forma information does not include efficiencies, cost reductions or synergies expected to result from the acquisition. The unaudited pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results that actually would have occurred had the acquisition been completed at the beginning of the period.   
  
   F-11 

     Table of Contents  

4  .   Income Taxes    
    
  We file a consolidated federal income tax return, consolidated unitary tax returns in certain states and other separate state income tax returns for our subsidiary companies. 
    
  The income tax provision for interim periods is generally determined based upon the expected effective income tax rate for the full year and the tax rate applicable to certain discrete transactions in the interim period. To determine the annual effective income tax rate, we must estimate both the total income (loss) before income tax for the full year and the jurisdictions in which that income (loss) is subject to tax. The actual effective income tax rate for the full year may differ from these estimates if income (loss) before income tax is greater than or less than what was estimated or if the allocation of income (loss) to jurisdictions in which it is taxed is different from the estimated allocations. We review and adjust our estimated effective income tax rate for the full year each quarter based upon our most recent estimates of income (loss) before income tax for the full year and the jurisdictions in which we expect that income will be taxed. 
    
  The effective income tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015   was   35%   and   26%  , respectively. The primary reason for the difference between the year-to-date rates and the U.S. federal statutory rate of   35%   is the impact of state taxes, non-deductible expenses (including a portion of transaction expense related to the Journal transactions in 2015), adjustments to reserves for uncertain tax positions (including interest) and excess tax benefits on share-based compensation (  $1.9 million   in 2016).  
    
  Deferred tax assets totaled   $11 million   at   September 30, 2016  . Management believes that it is more likely than not that we will realize the benefits of our federal deferred tax assets and therefore has not recorded a valuation allowance for our federal deferred tax assets. If economic conditions worsen, future estimates of taxable income could be lower than our current estimates which may require valuation allowances to be recorded in future reporting periods. 
    
  We recognize state net operating loss carryforwards as deferred tax assets, subject to valuation allowances. At each balance sheet date, we estimate the amount of carryforwards that are not expected to be used prior to expiration of the carryforward period. The tax effect of the carryforwards that are not expected to be used prior to their expiration is included in the valuation allowance. 
    
  During the period ended   September 30, 2015  , deferred tax assets relating to employee share-based awards from the vesting of RSUs and the exercise of stock options were not recognized since we were in a net tax loss position for the period. The additional tax benefits were reflected as net operating loss carryforwards on our tax returns, but the additional tax benefits were not recorded under GAAP until the tax deductions reduced taxes payable. The amount of unrecognized tax deductions for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  , was approximately   $26 million  . Effective January 1, 2016, we adopted new accounting guidance that allows us to recognize the benefits when deductible for tax purposes. 

5  .   Other Charges and Credits    
    
  Acquisition and related integration costs of   $0.6 million   and   $37.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $4.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , include costs for spinning off our newspaper operations and costs associated with acquisitions, such as legal and accounting fees, as well as costs to integrate acquired operations.  

F-12 

     Table of Contents  

In the third quarter of 2015, we recorded a   $24.6 million   non-cash charge to reduce the carrying value of our goodwill and certain intangible assets of Newsy and a smaller business. See Note 7 for additional information. 

6  .   Restricted Cash    
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had   $5.5 million   and   $6.6 million  , respectively, in a restricted cash account on deposit with our insurance carrier. This account serves as collateral, in place of an irrevocable stand-by letter of credit, to provide financial assurance that we will fulfill our obligations with respect to cash requirements associated with our workers compensation self-insurance. This cash is to remain on deposit with the carrier until all claims have been paid or we provide a letter of credit in lieu of the cash deposit.   

7  .   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    
  Goodwill was as follows: 

Other intangible assets consisted of the following:   

Estimated amortization expense of intangible assets for each of the next   five years   is   $5.5 million   for the remainder of   2016  ,   $21.9 million   in   2017  ,   $21.4 million   in   2018  ,   $19.7 million   in   2019  ,   $18.6 million   in   2020  ,   $16.4 million   in   2021  , and   $166.3 million   in later years.  

F-13 

     Table of Contents  

Goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets are tested for impairment annually and any time events occur or conditions change that would indicate it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value. Such indicators of impairment include, but are not limited to, changes in business climate or other factors resulting in low cash flow related to such assets. The testing for impairment is a two-step process. The first step is the estimation of the fair value of each of the reporting units, which is then compared to their carrying values. If the fair value is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit then an impairment of goodwill may exist. Step two is then performed to determine the amount of impairment.  
    
  During 2015, changes in the market for the distribution of video programming services, including the development of over-the-top distribution platforms such as Apple TV, Comcast Watchable, PlutoTV, Xumo, Roku and Sling, resulted in the need for additional investment in our digital news service, Newsy. The additional investment, combined with the slower development of our original revenue model, created indications of impairment of goodwill as of September 30, 2015. 
    
  Under the two-step process required by GAAP, we estimated the fair value of Newsy. Fair values were determined using a combination of an income approach, which estimated fair value based upon future revenues, expenses and cash flows discounted to their present value, and a market approach, which estimated fair value using market multiples of various financial measures compared to a set of comparable public companies. The discounted cash flow approach utilized unobservable factors, such as projected revenues and expenses and a discount rate applied to the estimated cash flows. The determination of the discount rate was based on a cost of capital model, using a risk-free rate, adjusted by a stock-beta adjusted risk premium and a size premium. The inputs to the nonrecurring fair value determination of our reporting units were classified as Level 3 fair value measurements under GAAP.  
    
  The valuation methodology and underlying financial information used to determine fair value required significant judgments to be made by management. These judgments included, but were not limited to, long-term projections of future financial performance and the selection of appropriate discount rates used to determine the present value of future cash flows. Changes in such estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could have produced significantly different results.  
    
  We concluded that the fair value of Newsy did not exceed its carrying value as of September 30, 2015. As a result, we recorded a   $21   million non-cash charge in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to reduce the carrying value of goodwill and   $2.9 million   to reduce the value of intangible assets.  
    
  We also recorded a   $1.5 million   goodwill impairment charge on a second small business. 

8  .   Long-Term Debt    
  Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

*  Fair value of the term loan was estimated based on quoted private market transactions and is classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the unsecured promissory notes is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis using current market interest rates of comparable instruments and is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.  
    
  Financing Agreement 
    
  On April 1, 2015, we entered into a   $500 million   second amended revolving credit and term loan agreement ("Second Amended Financing Agreement") to amend the terms of our existing revolving credit and term loan agreement ("Amended Financing Agreement"), to add an incremental   $200 million   term loan B borrowing and to increase the line of credit by   $25 million  . The   $400 million   term loan B matures in November 2020 and the   $100 million   revolving credit facility matures in November 2018.  
    
  The Second Amended Financing Agreement includes the maintenance of a net leverage ratio if we borrow more than   20%   on the revolving credit facility. The term loan B requires that if we borrow additional amounts or make a permitted acquisition that we cannot exceed a stated net leverage ratio on a pro forma basis at the date of the transaction.  
    
  The Second Amended Financing Agreement allows us to make restricted payments (dividends and share repurchases) up to   $70 million   plus additional amounts based on our financial results and condition. We can also make additional stock repurchases equal to the amount of proceeds that we receive from the exercise of stock options held by our employees. Additionally, we can make acquisitions as long as the pro forma net leverage ratio is less than   4.5   to 1.0 of assets. 
    
  The Second Amended Financing Agreement in certain circumstances requires that we must use a portion of excess cash flow, and the proceeds from the sale, to repay debt. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   we were not required to make additional principal payments based on excess cash flow. Any proceeds, up to a stipulated amount, that we receive from the upcoming FCC spectrum auction, should we choose to participate and our bid is accepted, will not be required to be used to pay down the term loan  . 
    
  Under the terms of the Second Amended Financing Agreement, we granted the lenders mortgages on certain of our real property, pledges of our equity interests in our subsidiaries and security interests in substantially all other personal property including cash, accounts receivables, and equipment. 
    
  Interest is payable on the term loan B at rates based on LIBOR with a   0.75%   floor, plus a fixed margin of   2.75%  . Interest is payable on the revolving credit facility at rates based on LIBOR plus a margin based on our leverage ratio ranging from   2.25%   to   2.75%  . As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the interest rate was   3.50%   on the term loan B. The weighted-average interest rate on borrowings was   3.50%   and   3.42%   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Scheduled principal payments on the term loan at   September 30, 2016   are:   $1.0 million   for the remainder of   2016  ,   $4.0 million   in   2017  ,   $4.0 million   in   2018  ,   $4.0 million   in   2019  , and   $378.5 million   in   2020  . 
    
  Commitment fees of   0.30%   to   0.50%   per annum, based on our leverage ratio, of the total unused commitment are payable under the revolving credit facility. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had outstanding letters of credit totaling   $0.8 million  .  
    
  Unsecured Subordinated Notes Payable 
    
  The unsecured subordinated promissory notes bear interest at a rate of   7.25%   per annum payable quarterly. The notes are payable in annual installments of   $2.7 million   through 2018, with no prepayment right. 

9  .   Financial Instruments    
    
  We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in interest rates. To manage risks associated with the volatility of changes in interest rates, we may enter into interest rate management instruments.  
    
  We may utilize interest rate swaps to manage our interest expense exposure by fixing our interest rate on portions of our floating rate term loan. We have entered into a   $75 million   notional value interest rate swap expiring in December 2016. Under the terms of the swap, we pay a fixed interest rate of   1.08%   and receive interest at a variable rate equal to 30 day LIBOR. We did not provide or receive any collateral for this contract.  

F-14 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
    
  The notional amounts and fair values of derivative instruments are shown in the table below:   

(1)     Balance recorded as other liabilities in Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
       
  Upon refinancing our term loan B in November 2013, this hedge no longer qualified as a cash flow hedge and gains and losses on the derivative are recorded in current period earnings. The balance in accumulated other comprehensive loss at the date of discontinuance of hedge accounting is being amortized into earnings on a straight-line basis through December 2016.  

10  .   Fair Value Measurement    
    
  We measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, such as cash equivalents and derivatives. The fair values of these financial assets and liabilities were determined based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value. These levels of input are as follows:  

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
                
    Level 2   Inputs, other than quoted market prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly. 
                
    Level 3   Unobservable inputs based on our own assumptions. 
       
  The following tables set forth our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

F-15 

Table of Contents  

11  .   Other Liabilities    
  Other liabilities consisted of the following: 

12  .   Supplemental Cash Flow Information    
  The following table presents additional information about the change in certain working capital accounts: 

13  .   Employee Benefit Plans     
    
  We sponsor two noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering certain Scripps employees that began employment prior to June 30, 2008, as well as certain former Journal Communications, Inc. ("Journal") employees. We also have two non-qualified Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans ("SERPs") covering Scripps employees and certain former Journal employees. Both of the defined benefit plans and the SERPs have frozen the accrual of future benefits. 
    
  We sponsor a defined contribution plan covering substantially all non-union and certain union employees. We match a portion of employees' voluntary contributions to this plan. In connection with freezing the accrual of service credits under certain of our defined benefit pension plans, we began contributing additional amounts (referred to as transition credits) to certain employees' defined contribution retirement accounts ending in 2015.  
    
  Other union-represented employees are covered by defined benefit pension plans jointly sponsored by us and the union, or by union-sponsored multi-employer plans. 

F-16 

     Table of Contents  

The components of the expense consisted of the following:   

We contributed   $0.8 million   to fund current benefit payments for our SERPs and   $7.6 million   for our defined benefit pension plans during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . During the remainder of   2016  , we anticipate contributing an additional   $0.3 million   to fund the SERPs' benefit payments and an additional   $1 million   to   $2 million   to fund our qualified defined benefit pension plans. 
    
  In the second quarter of 2015, a one-time curtailment charge of   $1.1 million   was recorded related to our defined benefit pension plan as a result of the impact of the spin-off of our Newspaper business. 

14  .   Segment Information    
  We determine our business segments based upon our management and internal reporting structures. Our reportable segments are strategic businesses that offer different products and services.    
  Our television segment includes   15   ABC affiliates,   five   NBC affiliates,   two   FOX affiliates,   two   CBS affiliates and   four   non big-four affiliated stations. We also own   five   Azteca America Spanish-language affiliates. Our television stations reach approximately   18%   of the nation s television households.   Television stations earn revenue primarily from the sale of advertising time to local, national and political advertisers and retransmission fees received from cable operators and satellite carriers.    
  Our radio segment consists of   34   radio stations in   eight   markets. We operate   28   FM stations and   six   AM stations. Our radio stations earn revenue primarily from the sale of advertising to local advertisers.  
    
  Our digital segment includes the digital operations of our local television and radio businesses. It also includes the operations of our national digital businesses of Newsy, an over-the-top ("OTT") video news service, Cracked, the multi-platform humor and satire brand, and Midroll, a podcast industry leader. Our digital operations earn revenue primarily through the sale of advertising and marketing services.     
  Syndication and other primarily includes the syndication of news features and comics and other features for the newspaper industry.     
  We allocate a portion of certain corporate costs and expenses, including information technology, certain employee benefits and shared services, to our business segments. The allocations are generally amounts agreed upon by management, which may differ from an arms-length amount. Corporate assets are primarily cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, property and equipment primarily used for corporate purposes, and deferred income taxes.     
    
  Our chief operating decision maker evaluates the operating performance of our business segments and makes decisions about the allocation of resources to our business segments using a measure called segment profit.   Segment profit excludes interest, defined benefit pension plan expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, divested operating units, restructuring activities, investment results and certain other items that are included in net income (loss) determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.    
  
   F-17 

     Table of Contents  

Information regarding our business segments is as follows:   

No   single customer provides more than   10%   of our revenue. 
  
   F-18 

     Table of Contents  

15  .   Capital Stock    
  Capital Stock     We have   two   classes of common shares, Common Voting shares and Class A Common shares. The Class A Common shares are only entitled to vote on the election of the greater of   three   or one-third of the directors and other matters as required by Ohio law. 
  Share Repurchase Plan     In May 2014, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase program of up to   $100 million   of our Class A Common shares through December 2016. Shares may be repurchased from time to time at management's discretion, either in the open market, through pre-arranged trading plans or in privately negotiated block transactions. Under the authorization, we repurchased   $29.7 million   of shares at prices ranging from   $14.71   to   $19.51   per share   during the first nine months   of   2016  . For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we repurchased   $10.9 million   of shares at prices ranging from   $15.90   to   $24.08   per share. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $54.1 million   remained under this authorization.  

16  .   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss    
    
  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCL") by component, including items reclassified out of AOCL, were as follows: 

F-19 

     Table of Contents  

(a)    Interest rate swap amortization is included in interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
   (b)    Actuarial gain (loss) is included in defined benefit pension plan expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

17  .   Journal Broadcast Merger and Newspaper Spin-off (Discontinued Operations)    
    
  On July 30, 2014, Scripps and Journal Communications, Inc. ("Journal") agreed to merge their broadcast operations and spin-off their newspaper businesses and combine them into a separate publicly traded company. On April 1, 2015, Scripps and Journal separated their respective newspaper businesses and merged them, resulting in each becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Journal Media Group, Inc. Journal Media Group combined the   13   Scripps newspapers with Journal's   Milwaukee Journal Sentinel  .  
    
  Immediately following the spin-off and merger of the newspaper businesses, the Journal broadcast operations and its related digital business were merged into Scripps.  
    
  As part of the transactions, Scripps' shareholders received a   $60 million   special cash dividend on April 1, 2015.  
    
  Certain agreements between Scripps and Journal Media Group, Inc. became effective in connection with the transactions, including Tax Matters Agreements and a Transition Services Agreement. 
     
  Under the Transition Services Agreement, Scripps and Journal Media Group provided certain services to each other through March 31, 2016. The fees for the services were at arm's-length amounts. The outstanding balance on the agreement was settled as of June 30, 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the amounts we received from Journal Media Group and the amounts we paid to Journal Media Group were immaterial. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we received   $2.5 million   for services provided to Journal Media Group and we paid Journal Media Group   $0.9 million   for services provided to us. 
  
   F-20 

     Table of Contents  

The Tax Matters Agreements set forth the allocations and responsibilities of Scripps and Journal Media Group with respect to liabilities for federal, state and local income taxes for periods before and after the spin-off, disputes with taxing authorities and indemnification of income taxes that would become due if the spin-off were taxable. Generally, Scripps is responsible for taxes prior to the separation and Journal Media Group will be responsible for taxes for periods after the separation of their respective businesses. 
    
  Until the completion of the spin-off of our newspaper business, generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) required us to assess impairment of the newspaper business long-lived assets using the held-and-used model. Under this model, if the expected cash flows over the life of the primary asset of the reporting unit are in excess of the carrying amount there is no impairment. Under this model   no   impairment charges were recorded at March 31, 2015. At the date of the spin-off of our newspaper business, GAAP required us to assess impairment using the held-for-sale model. This model compares the fair value of the disposal unit to its carrying value and if the fair value is lower, then an impairment loss is recorded. Our analysis determined that as of April 1, 2015 there was a non-cash impairment loss on disposal of the newspaper business of   $30 million  , which was recorded on the date of the spin-off, April 1, 2015, which was included in discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The inputs to the nonrecurring determination of the fair value of the disposal unit are classified as Level 2 measurements under GAAP. 
    
  As a result of the spin-off, Scripps newspapers has been presented as discontinued operations in the financial statements for all periods presented.  
    
  Operating results of our discontinued operations were as follows: 

The Company incurred certain non-recurring costs directly related to the spin-off of our newspapers and acquisition of the Journal broadcast stations of   $4   million and   $40   million for the quarter and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. Accounting and other professional and consulting fees directly related to the newspaper spin-off of   $3   million were allocated to discontinued operations in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The remaining amount of   $37   million was recorded in earnings from continuing operations for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .   
  
   F-21 

Table of Contents  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  This discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. You should read this discussion in conjunction with those financial statements. 
    
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  Certain forward-looking statements related to our businesses are included in this discussion. Those forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements. Such risks, trends and uncertainties, which in most instances are beyond our control, include changes in advertising demand and other economic conditions; consumers  tastes; program costs; labor relations; technological developments; competitive pressures; interest rates; regulatory rulings; and reliance on third-party vendors for various products and services. The words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   intend  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. You should evaluate our forward-looking statements, which are as of the date of this filing, with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date the statement is made. 
    
  Executive Overview 
  The E.W. Scripps Company ( Scripps ) is a diverse media enterprise, serving audiences and businesses through a portfolio of television, radio and digital media brands. We operate an expanding collection of local and national digital journalism and information businesses including our podcast business, Midroll, the multi-platform humor and satire brand, Cracked, and over-the-top ("OTT") video news service, Newsy. We also produce television programming, run an award-winning investigative reporting newsroom in Washington, D.C., and serve as the longtime steward of the nation's largest, most successful and longest-running educational program, the Scripps National Spelling Bee.  
    
  On April 1, 2015, Scripps and Journal Communications, Inc. ("Journal") closed their transactions to merge their broadcast operations and spin-off their newspaper businesses into a separate publicly traded company. The merged broadcast operations is one of the nation s largest independent TV station ownership groups, reaching nearly one in five U.S. television households and serving 24 markets. We also own 34 radio stations in eight markets. The company has approximately 3,800 employees across its television, radio and digital media operations. The merger enhanced our national broadcast footprint, and we now have affiliations with all of the "Big 4" television networks.  
    
  We continued the expansion of our digital business through two acquisitions during 2016. On April 12, 2016 we acquired the multi-platform humor and satire brand Cracked, which informs and entertains millennial audiences with a website, original digital video, social media and a popular podcast. This acquisition provides an opportunity to expand our OTT footprint for both video and audio. The purchase price was   $39 million   in cash. On June 6, 2016 we acquired Stitcher, a popular podcast listening service which facilities discovery and streaming for more than 65,000 podcasts for a $4.5 million cash purchase price. 

F-22 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The trends and underlying economic conditions affecting the operating performance and future prospects differ for each of our business segments. Accordingly, you should read the following discussion of our consolidated results of operations in conjunction with the discussion of the operating performance of our business segments that follows. 
  Consolidated Results of Operations 
  Consolidated results of operations were as follows: 

Continuing Operations 
    
  Midroll and Cracked were acquired on July 22, 2015 and April 12, 2016, respectively, and are collectively referred to as the "acquired digital operations." The Company completed its acquisition of the Journal television and radio stations on April 1, 2015, which are referred to as the "acquired stations." The inclusion of operating results from these businesses for the periods subsequent to their acquisitions impacts the comparability of our consolidated and segment operating results. Since the acquisition of the Journal stations occurred prior to the third quarter of 2015, the results of their operations only impact the comparability of the year-to-date periods and not the third quarter comparisons.  
    
  Operating revenues increased   23%   in the   third quarter   of   2016   and   31%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . In the third quarter of 2016, a $22.6 million increase in television political advertising revenues, a $16.8 million increase in retransmission revenue, and increased revenues from our local digital operations and Midroll accounted for the majority of the increase. Higher revenues for the year-to-date period were due to increased political advertising revenues, higher retransmission revenues, higher digital revenues from our local digital operations, as well as the acquisition of the acquired stations and acquired digital operations. Revenue from the acquired stations was $65.2 million for the first quarter of 2016 and year-to-date revenue from the acquired digital operations impacting the comparability across periods was $9.7 million. 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, we completed a new retransmission agreement covering approximately 3 million households, which is reflected in our 2016 results.   

F-23 

     Table of Contents  

Employee compensation and benefits increased   3.7%   in the   third quarter   of   2016   and   13%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The increase in the year-to-date period was primarily driven by the impact of the acquired stations and acquired digital operations.  
    
  Programs and program licenses expense increased   26%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   46%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily due to the acquired stations and higher network fees. Programming costs of the acquired stations was $10.2 million of the increase for the year-to-date period. The remainder of the increase in the year-to-date period was due to higher network affiliation license fees of $34 million, offset by lower syndicated programming expense.  
    
  Other expenses include the following:   

Other expenses in the year-to-date period increased primarily as a result of the acquired stations and higher marketing and promotion expenses in our television group. The increase in the third quarter was primarily due to the acquired digital operations. 
    
  Acquisition and related integration costs include costs for spinning off our newspaper operations and costs associated with acquisitions, such as legal and accounting fees, as well as costs to integrate acquired businesses.  
    
  Depreciation and amortization increased year-over-year as a result of the acquired stations and digital operations. 
    
  In the third quarter of 2015, we recorded a $25 million non-cash charge to reduce the carrying value of our goodwill and certain intangible assets of Newsy and a smaller business.  
    
  Interest expense increased year-over-year in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , due to the increased debt related to the Journal acquisition. 
    
  The effective income tax rate was   35%   and   26%   for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015  , respectively. State taxes and non-deductible expenses impacted our effective rate. Certain portions of the transaction costs incurred in connection with the Journal transactions in 2015 are not deductible. In addition, our provision for the 2016 year-to-date period includes $1.9 million of excess tax benefits from the exercise and vesting of share-based compensation awards. 
    
  Discontinued Operations 
    
  Discontinued operations reflect the historical results of our newspaper operations, which were spun-off on April 1, 2015.  
    
  Upon completion of the spin-off of our Newspaper business, generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) required us to assess impairment of the newspaper business long-lived assets using the held-for-sale model. This model compares the fair value of the disposal unit to its carrying value and if the fair value is lower, then an impairment loss is recorded. Our analysis indicated that as of April 1, 2015 there was a non-cash impairment loss on the disposal of the newspaper business of $30 million, which was recorded on the date of the spin-off, April 1, 2015, and was included as a component of discontinued operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

F-24 

     Table of Contents  

Business Segment Results     As discussed in the Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, our chief operating decision maker evaluates the operating performance of our business segments using a measure called segment profit.   Segment profit excludes interest, defined benefit pension plan expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, divested operating units, restructuring activities, investment results and certain other items that are included in net income (loss) determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.    
  Items excluded from segment profit generally result from decisions made in prior periods or from decisions made by corporate executives rather than the managers of the business segments. Depreciation and amortization charges are the result of decisions made in prior periods regarding the allocation of resources and are therefore excluded from the measure. Generally, our corporate executives make financing, tax structure and divestiture decisions. Excluding these items from measurement of our business segment performance enables us to evaluate business segment operating performance based upon current economic conditions and decisions made by the managers of those business segments in the current period. 
    
  We allocate a portion of certain corporate costs and expenses, including information technology, certain employee benefits and shared services to our business segments. The allocations are generally amounts agreed upon by management, which may differ from an arms-length amount. Corporate assets are primarily cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, property and equipment primarily used for corporate purposes and deferred income taxes.  
    
  Information regarding the operating performance of our business segments and a reconciliation of such information to the consolidated financial statements is as follows: 

F-25 

     Table of Contents  

Television     Our television segment includes 15 ABC affiliates, five NBC affiliates, two FOX affiliates, two CBS affiliates and four non big-four affiliated stations. We also own five Azteca America Spanish-language affiliates. Our television stations reach approximately 18% of the nation s television households.  
  Television stations earn revenue primarily from the sale of advertising time to local, national and political advertisers and retransmission fees received from cable operators and satellite carriers. 
  National television networks offer affiliates a variety of programs and sell the majority of advertising within those programs. In addition to network programs, we broadcast locally and nationally internally produced programs, syndicated programs, sporting events, and other programs of interest in each station's market. News is the primary focus of our locally-produced programming. 
  The operating performance of our television group is most affected by local and national economic conditions, particularly conditions within the automotive, services and retail categories, and by the volume of advertising time purchased by campaigns for elective office and political issues. The demand for political advertising is significantly higher in the third and fourth quarters of even-numbered years. 
  Operating results for our television segment were as follows: 

The Company completed its acquisition of the Journal television stations on April 1, 2015. The inclusion of operating results from this transaction for the periods subsequent to the acquisition impacts the comparability of the television division operating results in the year-to-date period.  
  Revenues 
    
  Total television revenues increased   25%   in the   third quarter   of   2016   and   30%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Revenue from the acquired television stations was $48.7 million for the first quarter of 2016. Increased retransmission revenues and higher political revenues in a presidential-election year drove most of the remaining increase in the third quarter and year-to-date periods. 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, we completed a new retransmission agreement covering approximately 3 million households, which is reflected in our 2016 results.   
    
  Costs and expenses 
    
  Total costs and expenses increased   11%   in the   third quarter   of   2016   and   22%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

F-26 

     Table of Contents  

Employee compensation and benefits increased   2.3%   for the   third quarter   of   2016   and   10%   for the   2016   year-to-date period. The quarterly increase was primarily from merit increases. The year-to-date increase also included $15.9 million of compensation and benefits from the acquired television stations for the first quarter of 2016. 
    
  Programs and program licenses expense increased   30%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   49%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily due to the acquired television stations and higher network fees. Programming costs of the acquired television stations was $9.1 million of the increase for the year-to-date period. The remainder of the increase in the year-to-date period was due to higher network affiliation license fees of $34 million, offset by lower syndicated programming expense.  
    
  Other expenses increased   7.1%   for the   2016   quarter, primarily due to higher general operating expenses. Other expenses increased   21%   for the   2016   year-to-date period primarily due to the impact of the acquired television stations. 
  Radio     Our radio segment consists of   34   radio stations in   eight   markets. We operate   28   FM stations and   six   AM stations. Radio stations earn revenue primarily from the sale of advertising to local advertisers. 
  Our radio stations focus on providing targeted and relevant local programming that is responsive to the interest of the communities in which we serve, strengthening our brand identity and allowing us to provide effective marketing solutions for advertisers by reaching their targeted audiences.  
  Operating results for our radio segment were as follows: 

The Company completed its acquisition of the Journal radio stations on April 1, 2015. The inclusion of operating results from this transaction for the periods subsequent to the acquisition impacts the comparability of the year-to-date radio division operating results.  
    
  Revenues 
    
  Total radio revenues decreased   5.5%   in the   2016     third quarter   due to weakness in our largest markets, including the impact of lower advertising for sports programing in our Milwaukee market. Year-to-date revenues increased   31%  , primarily due to revenue from the acquired radio stations of $14.6 million in the first quarter of 2016. 
    
  Costs and expenses 
    
  Total costs and expenses increased   2.6%   in the   2016   quarter primarily due to costs associated with flood cleanup at our Wichita operations. The year-to-date increase in costs and expenses also included $12.5 million of expenses from the acquired radio stations for the first quarter of 2016. 

F-27 

     Table of Contents  

Digital     Our digital segment includes the digital operations of our local television and radio businesses. It also includes the operations of our national digital businesses of Newsy, our over-the-top video news service, Cracked, the multi-platform humor and satire brand and Midroll, a podcast industry leader.  
    
  Our digital operations earn revenue primarily through the sale of advertising and marketing services.  
  Operating results for our digital segment were as follows: 

Our digital businesses, Midroll and Cracked, were acquired on July 22, 2015 and April 12, 2016, respectively. The inclusion of operating results from these businesses for the periods subsequent to the acquisitions impacts the comparability of our digital segment operating results.  
    
  Revenues 
    
  Digital revenues increased   45%   or $4.9 million in the   third quarter   of   2016   and   68%   or $17.6 million for the year-to-date period. Excluding the results of Cracked and Midroll, revenues increased 20% for the third quarter, which was primarily driven by increases in advertising on our television and radio local market digital sites. Excluding the results of Cracked and Midroll, year-to-date revenues increased 30%, which was primarily driven by increases from our local broadcast digital sites and increased revenues from Newsy. 
    
  Cost and Expenses 
    
  Digital costs and expenses increased   47%   in the   third quarter   of   2016   and   46%   for the year-to-date period, primarily due to the impact of the Cracked and Midroll acquisitions. Excluding the results of Cracked and Midroll, expenses increased 16% in the third quarter. The third quarter increases were from promotion and other costs for our national digital brands. Excluding the impact of Cracked and Midroll, expenses increased 14% in the year-to-date period, primarily due to costs from expanding Newsy's editorial staff and marketing efforts.  
    
  Shared services and corporate 
    
  We centrally provide certain services to our business segments. Such services include accounting, tax, cash management, procurement, human resources, employee benefits and information technology. The business segments are allocated costs for such services at amounts agreed upon by management. Such allocated costs may differ from amounts that might be negotiated at arms-length. Costs for such services that are not allocated to the business segments are included in shared services and corporate costs. Shared services and corporate also includes unallocated corporate costs, such as costs associated with being a public company.  

F-28 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our primary source of liquidity is our available cash and borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. 
    
  Operating activities 
    
  Cash flows from operating activities for the   nine months ended     September 30   is as follows:   

The   $103 million   increase in cash provided by continuing operating activities was primarily attributable to a $55 million year-over-year increase in segment profit, $8 million of contributions to our pension plans in 2016, $37 million of acquisition and related costs incurred in 2015 that were not repeated in 2016 and changes in working capital in 2016 compared to 2015.  
    
   The primary factors affecting changes in working capital are described below. 

The accrual of payroll and annual incentive compensation, net of the payment amounts earned in the prior year, decreased working capital by $10.9 million in 2016 and increased working capital by $2.1 million in 2015.  
                
    The timing of payments of accounts payable increased working capital by $11 million in 2016.  
                
    Advertising for political campaigns, which is generally paid in advance, offset by increases in retransmission revenues, which generally have longer payment terms, increased working capital by $5 million in 2016.   

F-29 

     Table of Contents  

Investing activities 
    
  Cash flows from investing activities for the   nine months ended     September 30   is as follows: 

In   2016   and   2015  , we used   $66 million   and   $69 million  , respectively, in cash for continuing investing activities. The primary factors affecting our investing activities for the periods are described below. 

In 2015, we invested $5 million to fund the launch and operations of a media company specializing in digital multicasting. 
     Financing activities 
  Cash flows from financing activities for the   nine months ended     September 30   is as follows: 

For continuing financing activities, we used   $35 million   in cash in 2016 and had net cash inflows of   $8 million   in 2015. The primary items included in our financing activities for the periods are described below. 
    
  On April 1, 2015, we entered into a   $500 million   second amended revolving credit and term loan agreement ("Second Amended Financing Agreement") to refinance our existing revolving credit and term loan agreement ("Amended Financing Agreement"). The   $400 million   term loan B matures in November 2020 and a   $100 million   revolving credit facility matures in November 2018. There were no borrowings under the revolving credit agreements in any of the years.  
    
  The Second Amended Financing Agreement includes the maintenance of a net leverage ratio if we borrow more than   20%   on the revolving credit facility. The term loan B requires that if we borrow additional amounts or make a permitted acquisition that we cannot exceed a stated net leverage ratio on a pro forma basis at the date of the transaction. We were in compliance with all financial covenants in the Second Amended Financing Agreement at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
  
   F-30 

     Table of Contents  

The Second Amended Financing Agreement also includes a provision that in certain circumstances we must use a portion of excess cash flow to repay debt. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   we were not required to make additional principal payments based on excess cash flow. Any proceeds, up to a stipulated amount, that we receive from the upcoming FCC spectrum auction, should we choose to participate and our bid is accepted, will not be required to be used to pay down the term loan  . 
  In May 2014, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase program of up to $100 million of our Class A Common shares through December 2016. Shares may be repurchased from time to time at management's discretion, either in the open market, through pre-arranged trading plans or in privately negotiated block transactions. Under the authorization, we repurchased   $29.7 million   of shares at prices ranging from   $14.71   to   $19.51   per share   during the first nine months   of 2016. At   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $54.1 million   remaining for share repurchases under this authorization.  
    
  In   2016  , we received   $4.6 million   of proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options compared to   $6.0 million   in   2015  .  
    
  Other 
  We have met our funding requirements for our defined benefit pension plans under the provisions of the Pension Funding Equity Act of 2004 and the Pension Protection Act of 2006. We expect to contribute between $1 million and $3 million in the remainder of   2016   to our defined benefit pension plans and our SERPs.  
  We expect that our cash, cash from operating activities and available borrowing capacity will be sufficient to meet our operating and capital needs over the next 12 months. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  There have been no material changes to the off-balance sheet arrangements disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  
   F-31 

Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
    
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires us to make a variety of decisions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures, including the selection of appropriate accounting principles and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. In reaching such decisions, we apply judgment based on our understanding and analysis of the relevant circumstances, including our historical experience, actuarial studies and other assumptions. We are committed to incorporating accounting principles, assumptions and estimates that promote the representational faithfulness, verifiability, neutrality and transparency of the accounting information included in the financial statements. 
    
  Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   describes the significant accounting policies we have selected for use in the preparation of our financial statements and related disclosures. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in estimates that are likely to occur could materially change the financial statements. We believe the accounting for acquisitions, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, income taxes and pension plans to be our most critical accounting policies and estimates. A detailed description of these accounting policies is included in the Critical Accounting Policies section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   
    
  Recently Adopted Standards and Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  Recently Adopted Accounting Standards       In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new guidance which simplifies the accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax consequences and classification on the statement of cash flows. Under the new guidance, excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies are recognized as a discrete component of the income tax provision in the period they occur and not as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital. Also, a company's payments for tax withholdings should be classified in the statement of cash flows as a financing activity. It also requires excess tax benefits to be recorded on the exercise or vesting of share-based awards at the time they are deductible for income taxes and not when they reduce cash taxes. In addition, a company can now elect to record forfeitures of share-based awards as they occur or record estimated forfeitures with a true-up at the end of the vesting period. We have elected to early adopt this guidance effective January 1, 2016. The adoption used the modified retrospective transition method which had no impact on prior years. The impact of adopting this guidance was to record     $14.7 million     of previously unrecognized tax benefits, increasing deferred tax assets and opening retained earnings. We have elected to adopt a policy of recording actual forfeitures, the impact of which is immaterial to current or prior periods. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued new guidance related to the disclosures around consideration of going concern. The new standard provides guidance around management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The new standard was effective for us January 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards       In August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. This new guidance was issued with the objective of reducing diversity in practice around eight specific types of cash flows. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued new guidance that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model that will replace today s  incurred loss  model and generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except that the losses will be recognized as an allowance. The guidance is effective in 2020 with early adoption permitted in 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial statements and the timing of adoption. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on the accounting for leases. Under this guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
  
   F-32 

     Table of Contents  

In January 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. This guidance primarily affects the accounting for equity method investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance on revenue recognition. Under this new standard, an entity shall recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard creates a five-step process that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of the contract(s) and all relevant facts and circumstances. This standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method and will be effective for us beginning in 2018. Early adoption is permitted in 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet determined a transition method.   

F-33 

Table of Contents  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  Earnings and cash flow can be affected by, among other things, economic conditions and interest rate changes. We are also exposed to changes in the market value of our investments. 
  Our objectives in managing interest rate risk are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on our earnings and cash flows and to reduce overall borrowing costs. 
  The following table presents additional information about market-risk-sensitive financial instruments: 

We may utilize interest rate swaps to manage our interest expense exposure by fixing our interest rate on portions of our floating rate term loan. We have entered into a $75 million notional value interest rate swap expiring in December 2016 which provides for use to pay a fixed interest rate of 1.08% and we receive interest at a variable rate equal to 30 day LIBOR. We did not provide or receive any collateral for this contract. The fair value of this financial derivative is based on quoted market prices which reflect the present values of the difference between estimated future variable-rate receipts and future fixed-rate payments.  

F-34 

Table of Contents  

Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Scripps management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
                 1. 
    pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

2. 
    provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and 

3. 
    provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, collusion and the improper overriding of controls by management. Accordingly, even effective internal control can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 
  The effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) was evaluated as of the date of the financial statements. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes to the Company's internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

F-35 

Table of Contents  

The E.W. Scripps Company 
  Index to Exhibits 
    
                   Exhibit Number 
      
    Exhibit Description 

31.A 
      
    Section 302 Certifications 
      31.B 
      
    Section 302 Certifications 
      32.A 
      
    Section 906 Certifications 
      32.B 
      
    Section 906 Certifications 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document (furnished herewith) 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (furnished herewith) 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

E-1 

<EX-31.A>
 2
 ssp-ex31a2016930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.A

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.A    
  Section 302 Certifications    
    
  Certifications    
    
  I, Richard A. Boehne, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of The E. W. Scripps Company; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 4, 2016    
    
  BY:   /s/ Richard A. Boehne                                        
  Richard A. Boehne 
  President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 ssp-ex31b2016930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.B

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.B 
  Section 302 Certifications    
    
  Certifications    
    
  I, Timothy M. Wesolowski, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of The E. W. Scripps Company; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 4, 2016    
    
  BY:   /s/ Timothy M. Wesolowski                                        
  Timothy M. Wesolowski 
  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 4
 ssp-ex32a2016930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.A

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.A 
  Section 906 Certifications 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002    
    
  I, Richard A. Boehne, President and Chief Executive Officer of The E. W. Scripps Company (the  Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
           (1) 
    The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), which this certification accompanies, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  /s/ Richard A. Boehne                                           
    
  Richard A. Boehne  
  President and Chief Executive Officer 
  November 4, 2016    

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 5
 ssp-ex32b2016930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.B

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.B 
  Section 906 Certifications    
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002    
    
  I, Timothy M. Wesolowski, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The E. W. Scripps Company (the  Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
           (1) 
    The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), which this certification accompanies, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  /s/ Timothy M. Wesolowski                                          
    
  Timothy M. Wesolowski 
  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  November 4, 2016    

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ssp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ssp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ssp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ssp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ssp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ssp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

