<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_1070412_0001070412-16-000212_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17304596</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261448</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>707655</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7644493</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6056835</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2139909</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>101</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001070412-16-000212.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101111603
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001070412-16-000212
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONSOL Energy Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001070412
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE SURFACE MINING [1221]
		IRS NUMBER:				510337383
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14901
		FILM NUMBER:		161963697

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CNX CENTER
		STREET 2:		1000 CONSOL ENERGY DRIVE
		CITY:			CANONSBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15317
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-485-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CNX CENTER
		STREET 2:		1000 CONSOL ENERGY DRIVE
		CITY:			CANONSBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15317

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONSOL ENERGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001070412-16-000212.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 cnx-93016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
   __________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
      __________________________________________________  
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number: 001-14901 
    __________________________________________________ 
  CONSOL Energy Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Delaware 
      
    51-0337383 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

1000 CONSOL Energy Drive 
  Canonsburg, PA 15317-6506 
  (724) 485-4000 
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
   __________________________________________________  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes    x      No     o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
  Large accelerated filer    x      Accelerated filer    o      Non-accelerated filer    o      Smaller Reporting Company    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
  Yes    o      No    x 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
      PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    Condensed Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    3 
        
    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 
        
    Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 
    5 
        
    Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 
    7 
        
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    8 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
    9 

ITEM 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    44 

ITEM 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    85 

ITEM 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    86 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    86 

ITEM 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
    87 

ITEM 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    88 

ITEM 5. 
    Other Information 
    88 

ITEM 6. 
     Exhibits  
    88 

GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN OIL AND GAS MEASUREMENT TERMS  
    
  The following are abbreviations of certain measurement terms commonly used in the oil and gas industry and included within this Form 10-Q: 
    
  Bbl - One stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, used in reference to oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
  Bcf - One billion cubic feet of natural gas. 
  Bcfe - One billion cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of gas.  
  Btu - One British thermal unit.  
  Mbbls - One thousand barrels of oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
  Mcf - One thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 
  Mcfe - One thousand cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of gas.  
  MMbtu - One million British Thermal units.  
  MMcfe - One million cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of gas.  
  NGL - Natural gas liquids.  
  Tcfe - One trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalents, with one barrel of oil being equivalent to 6,000 cubic feet of gas.  

PART I :   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONSOL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

3 

CONSOL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (CONTINUED) 

CONSOL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

4 

CONSOL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

5 

CONSOL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

6 

CONSOL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

7 

CONSOL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

8 

CONSOL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION: 
    
  The accompanying Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the   three   and   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for future periods. 
    
  The Consolidated Balance Sheet at   December 31, 2015   has been derived from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements at that date but does not include all the notes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. For further information, refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes for the year ended   December 31, 2015   included in CONSOL Energy Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , CONSOL Energy Inc. ("CONSOL Energy" or "the Company") made certain adjustments to the financial statements to reflect the sale of the Buchanan Mine and the Fola and Miller Creek Mining Complexes, which are now reflected under discontinued operations. Additionally, CONSOL Energy made reclassifications within its financial statements to better align the Company's financial reporting with its peer group. These reclassifications impacted the Lease Operating Expense, Transportation, Gathering and Compression, Direct Administrative and Selling, Production Royalty Interests and Purchased Gas Sales, Production Royalty Interests and Purchased Gas Costs, Operating and Other Costs and Selling, General and Administrative Costs line items on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. These changes are reflected in CONSOL Energy's current and historic Consolidated Statements of Income, with no effect on previously reported net income or stockholders  equity. 
    
  Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders by the weighted average shares outstanding during the reporting period. Dilutive earnings per share are computed similarly to basic earnings per share, except that the weighted average shares outstanding are increased to include additional shares from stock options, performance stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units, if dilutive. The number of additional shares is calculated by assuming that outstanding stock options and performance share options were exercised, that outstanding restricted stock units and performance share units were released, and that the proceeds from such activities were used to acquire shares of common stock at the average market price during the reporting period. CONSOL Energy includes the impact of pro forma deferred tax assets in determining potential windfalls and shortfalls for purposes of calculating assumed proceeds under the treasury stock method.  
    
  The table below sets forth the share-based awards that have been excluded from the computation of the diluted earnings per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive: 

The table below sets forth the share-based awards that have been exercised or released: 

9 

No options were exercised during the   three   and   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   or during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The weighted average exercise price per share of the options exercised during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015   was   $22.78  . 
  The computations for basic and dilutive earnings per share are as follows: 

Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss by component, net of tax, were as follows: 

The following table shows the reclassification of adjustments out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss: 

10 

*Excludes amounts related to the remeasurement of the Actuarially Determined Long-Term Liabilities. Also excludes   $815  , net of tax, of reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income related to discontinued operations for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . 

NOTE 2 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: 
    
  In August, 2016, CONSOL Energy completed the sale of its Miller Creek Mining Complex and Fola Mining Complex subsidiaries. In the transaction, the buyer acquired the Miller Creek and Fola assets and assumed the Miller Creek and Fola mine closing and reclamation liabilities; in order to equalize the value exchange, CONSOL Energy paid   $28,271   cash at closing, which included property taxes associated with the properties sold and other closing costs (a portion of which will be held in escrow for purposes of obtaining the surety bonds required for the the permits to transfer). These amounts were included in Net Cash Provided by Discontinued Investing Activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow. In addition, CONSOL Energy will pay a total of   $17,200   in installments over the next four years. The net loss on sale of   $53,130  , excluding the related impairment charge discussed below, was included in Loss from Discontinued Operations, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Prior to the closing, the Miller Creek and Fola Mining Complexes were classified as held for sale in discontinued operations and in accordance with the accounting guidance for Property, Plant and Equipment, assets held for sale are measured at the lower of the carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Upon meeting the assets held for sale criteria, the Company determined the carrying value of the Fola and Miller Creek mining complexes exceeded the fair value less costs to sell. As a result, an impairment charge of   $355,681   was recorded during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . This impairment is included in the Loss from Discontinued Operations, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
    
  On March 31, 2016, CONSOL Energy completed the sale of its membership interests in CONSOL Buchanan Mining Company, LLC (BMC), which owned and operated the Buchanan Mine located in Mavisdale, Virginia; various assets relating to the Amonate Mining Complex located in Amonate, Virginia; Russell County, Virginia coal reserves and Pangburn Shaner Fallowfield coal reserves located in Southwestern, Pennsylvania to Coronado IV LLC ("Coronado"). Various CONSOL Energy assets were excluded from the sale including coalbed methane, natural gas and minerals other than coal, current assets of BMC, certain coal seams, certain surface rights, and the Amonate Preparation Plant. Coronado assumed only specified liabilities and various CONSOL Energy liabilities were excluded and not assumed. The excluded liabilities included BMC s indebtedness, trade payables and liabilities arising prior to closing, as well as the liabilities of the subsidiaries other than BMC which are parties to the sale. In addition, the buyer agreed to pay CONSOL Energy for Buchanan Mine coal sold outside the U.S. and Canada during the five years following closing a royalty of   20%   of any excess of the gross sales price per ton over the following amounts: (1) year one,   $75.00   per ton; (2) year two,   $78.75   per ton; (3) year three,   $82.69   per ton; (4) year four,   $86.82   per ton; (5) year five,   $91.16   per ton. At closing, the parties entered into several agreements including, among others, agreements relating to the coordination and conduct of gas operations at the mines, an option to purchase the Amonate Preparation Plant and transition services. Cash proceeds of   $402,799   were received at closing and are included in Net Cash Provided by Discontinued Investing Activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow. The net loss on the sale was   $38,364   and was included in Loss from Discontinued Operations, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
  For all periods presented in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income, BMC along with the various other assets and the Fola and Miller Creek Mining Complexes are classified as discontinued operations.  
  The following table details selected financial information for the divested business included within discontinued operations:  

11 

The major classes of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations:  

NOTE 3 ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS: 
    
  In September 2015, CONSOL Energy sold its 49% interest in Western Allegheny Energy (WAE), a joint venture with Rosebud Mining Company engaged in coal mining activities in Pennsylvania. At closing, CONSOL Energy received   $76,297   in cash and a   $2,136   reduction in certain liabilities. During the quarter, CONSOL Energy also received a cash distribution of   $10,780   from WAE. The net gain on the sale was   $48,468   and was included in the Gain on Sale of Assets in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
    
  In December 2014, CNX Gas Company LLC (CNX Gas Company), wholly-owned subsidiary of CONSOL Energy, finalized an agreement with Columbia Energy Ventures (CEVCO) to sublease from CEVCO approximately   20,000   acres of Utica Shale and Upper Devonian gas rights in Greene and Washington Counties in Pennsylvania and Marshall and Ohio Counties in West Virginia. Up-front bonus consideration of up to $  96,106   was to be paid by CONSOL Energy over a five year period, as drilling occurs, in addition to royalties. CONSOL Energy made payments of   $9,000   to CEVCO in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   while   $50,970   of payments were made for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . At   September 30, 2016  , the amounts recorded in Other Current Liabilities and Other Long-Term Liabilities were $  3,947   and $  26,461  , respectively. At December 31, 2015, the amounts recorded in Other Current Liabilities and Other Long-Term Liabilities were $  8,349   and $  29,333  , respectively.  

12 

NOTE 4 MISCELLANEOUS OTHER INCOME: 

NOTE 5 COMPONENTS OF PENSION AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT (OPEB) PLANS NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COSTS: 
    
  Components of net periodic benefit costs are as follows: 

For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , $  1,964   and   $8,366   was paid to the pension trust from operating cash flows, respectively. Additional contributions to the pension trust are not expected to be material for the remainder of   2016  .  
    
  According to the Defined Benefit Plans Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification, if the lump sum distributions made during a plan year, which for CONSOL Energy is January 1 to December 31, exceed the total of the projected service cost and interest cost for the plan year, settlement accounting is required. Lump sum payments exceeded this threshold during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Accordingly, CONSOL Energy recognized settlement expense of   $3,651   and   $17,347   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, in Other Costs - Miscellaneous Operating Expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The settlement charges resulted in remeasurements of the pension plan at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, which increased the pension liability by   $7,486   and   $6,203  , respectively.  
    
  Lump sum payments also exceeded the settlement threshold during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Accordingly, settlement expense of   $3,132   was recognized for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   in Other Costs - Miscellaneous Operating Expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Settlement accounting was triggered in July 2015, resulting in a remeasurement of the pension plan at July 31. This remeasurement reduced the pension liability by   $1,328  .  
    
  On August 31, 2015, the qualified pension plan was remeasured to reflect an announced plan amendment that reduced accruals of pension benefits as of January 1, 2016. The plan amendment called for a hard freeze of the qualified defined benefit  

13 

pension plan on January 1, 2016 for all remaining participants in the plan. The modifications to the pension plan resulted in a   $26,352   reduction in the pension liability. The amendment resulted in a remeasurement of the qualified pension plan at August 31, 2015. The remeasurement increased the pension liability by   $17,793  . 
  In the third quarter of 2015, CONSOL Energy remeasured its pension plan as a result of the previously discussed plan amendment. In conjunction with this remeasurement, the method used to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for pension was changed. This change was also made to other postretirement benefits during the fourth quarter during the annual remeasurement of that plan. This change compared to the previous method resulted in a decrease in the service and interest components for pension cost in the third quarter. Historically, CONSOL Energy estimated these service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. CONSOL Energy has elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. This change was made to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. This change does not affect the measurement of the total benefit obligations or the annual net periodic benefit cost as the change in the service and interest costs is completely offset in the actuarial (gain) loss reported. CONSOL Energy has accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a change in accounting principle and accordingly has accounted for it prospectively. 
  On May 31, 2015, the Salaried OPEB and Production and Maintenance (P M) OPEB plans were remeasured to reflect a plan amendment which eliminated Salaried and P M OPEB benefits at December 31, 2015. The amendment to the OPEB plan resulted in a   $43,598   reduction in the OPEB liability.The amendment resulted in a remeasurement of the OPEB plan at May 31, 2015 which decreased the liability by   $1,070  .  
  CONSOL Energy does not expect to contribute to the other post-employment benefit plan in   2016  . The Company intends to pay benefit claims as they become due. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   $35,120   and   $40,547   of other post-employment benefits have been paid, respectively. 

NOTE 6 COMPONENTS OF COAL WORKERS  PNEUMOCONIOSIS (CWP) AND WORKERS  COMPENSATION NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COSTS: 
  Components of net periodic benefit costs are as follows: 

Expense (income) attributable to discontinued operations included in the CWP net periodic cost above was   $74   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  , and   $(1,290)   and   $223   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  On March 31, 2016, CONSOL Energy completed the sale of its membership interests in BMC (See Note 2 - Discontinued Operations). As a result of the sale, certain obligations of the CWP plan were transferred to the buyer. This transfer triggered a curtailment gain of   $1,307  . The curtailment resulted in a plan remeasurement increasing plan liabilities by   $5,014   at March 31, 2016.  
  CONSOL Energy does not expect to contribute to the CWP plan in   2016  . The Company intends to pay benefit claims as they become due. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   $8,519   and   $8,369   of CWP benefit claims have been paid, respectively. 

14 

CONSOL Energy does not expect to contribute to the workers  compensation plan in   2016  . The Company intends to pay benefit claims as they become due. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   $11,547   and   $12,540   of workers  compensation benefits, state administrative fees and surety bond premiums have been paid, respectively. 

NOTE 7 INCOME TAXES: 
    
  The effective tax rate for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   46.7%   and   24.7%  , respectively. The effective tax rate is different from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to charges to record state valuation allowances and the effects of the 2010-2013 Federal tax audit still in progress, partially offset by a larger anticipated book loss and the income tax benefit for excess percentage depletion. 
    
  The effective tax rate for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was   34.9%   and   38.4%  , respectively. The effective tax rate is different from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to impairment charges recorded in June 2015. In addition, as the Company's loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 exceeded the anticipated ordinary loss for the full year, the tax benefit recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was limited to the amount that would be recognized if the year-to-date ordinary loss were the anticipated ordinary loss for the full year. Another item contributing to the benefit is the deduction for percentage depletion in excess of cost depletion related to the Company's coal operations. 
    
  The total amount of uncertain tax positions at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were   $15,536   and   $12,702  , respectively. If these uncertain tax positions were recognized, approximately   $2,834   would affect CONSOL Energy's effective tax rate at   September 30, 2016  . There would be no effect on the Company's effective tax rate at   December 31, 2015  . There was an increase of   $2,834   to the liability for unrecognized tax benefits during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  CONSOL Energy recognizes accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions in interest expense. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company reported an accrued interest liability relating to uncertain tax positions of   $242   and   $53  , respectively, in Other Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accrued interest liability includes   $189   of accrued interest expense that is reflected in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  CONSOL Energy recognizes penalties accrued related to uncertain tax positions in its income tax expense. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , CONSOL Energy had no accrued liabilities for tax penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
  CONSOL Energy and its subsidiaries file federal income tax returns with the United States and returns within various states and Canadian jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to United States federal, state, local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for the years before 2010. The Company expects the Internal Revenue Service to conclude its audit of tax years 2010 through 2013 in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

NOTE 8 INVENTORIES: 
    
  Inventory components consist of the following: 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of coal inventories is determined by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Coal inventory costs include labor, supplies, equipment costs, operating overhead, depreciation, depletion and amortization, and other related costs. The cost of supplies inventory is determined by the average cost method and includes operating and maintenance supplies to be used in the Company's natural gas and coal operations. 

NOTE 9 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE SECURITIZATION:  
  CONSOL Energy and certain of its U.S. subsidiaries were party to a trade accounts receivable facility with financial institutions for the sale on a continuous basis of eligible trade accounts receivable. This facility was terminated on July 7, 2015.  
  CNX Funding Corporation, a wholly owned, special purpose, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary, bought and sold eligible trade receivables generated by certain subsidiaries of CONSOL Energy. Under the receivables facility, CONSOL Energy and certain  

15 

subsidiaries, irrevocably and without recourse, sold all of their eligible trade accounts receivable to CNX Funding Corporation, who in turn sold these receivables to financial institutions and their affiliates, while maintaining a subordinated interest in a portion of the pool of trade receivables. This retained interest, which was included in Accounts and Notes Receivable-Trade in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was recorded at fair value. Due to a short average collection cycle for such receivables, CONSOL Energy's collection experience history and the composition of the designated pool of trade accounts receivable that were part of this program, the fair value of its retained interest approximated the total amount of the designated pool of accounts receivable. CONSOL Energy serviced the sold trade receivables for the financial institutions for a fee based upon market rates for similar services. 
   
  NOTE 10 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT: 

Impairment of Proved Properties 
    
  CONSOL Energy performs a quantitative annual impairment test, during the fourth quarter of each year, over proved properties using the published NYMEX forward prices, timing, methods and other assumptions consistent with historical periods. During interim periods, management updates these annual tests whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a property s  

16 

carrying amount may not be recoverable. Throughout the first six months of 2015, spot prices and forward curves for natural gas continued to decline from December 31, 2014 prices, which together with other macro-economic factors in the exploration and production industry were deemed indicators of  impairment for all of the Company's proved natural gas properties. Impairment tests require that the Company first compare future undiscounted cash flows by asset group to their respective carrying values. If the carrying amount exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, a reduction of the carrying amount of the natural gas properties to their estimated fair values is required, which is determined based on discounted cash flow techniques using a market-specific weighted average cost of capital.  
    
  During the quarter ended June 30, 2015, certain of the Company s proved properties, primarily shallow oil and gas assets, failed the undiscounted cash flow portion of the test. After performing the discounted cash flow portion of the test, CONSOL Energy recorded an impairment of $  824,742   in the Impairment of Exploration and Production Properties in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Valuation of the impaired assets is a Level 3 measurement as it incorporates significant unobservable inputs, such as future production levels and operating costs, within the discounted cash flow analysis. The impairment related to approximately 95% of the Company s shallow oil and gas assets in West Virginia and Pennsylvania. No such impairments were recorded during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
    
  Impairment of Unproved Properties 
    
  CONSOL Energy evaluates capitalized costs of unproved gas properties for recoverability on a prospective basis.  Indicators of potential impairment include potential shifts in business strategy, overall economic factors and historical experience. For the quarter ended June 30, 2015, unproved property impairments relating to the determination that the properties will not yield proved reserves were $  4,163   and are included in the Impairment of Exploration and Production Properties in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Valuation of the impaired assets is a Level 3 measurement as it incorporates significant unobservable inputs, such as future production levels and operating costs, within the discounted cash flow analysis. This impairment primarily related to the court ruling in June 2015 in the state of New York that officially bans hydraulic fracturing. No such impairments were recorded during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
    
  Industry Participation Agreements 
    
  CONSOL Energy has two significant industry participation agreements (referred to as "joint ventures" or "JVs") that provided drilling and completion carries for the Company's retained interests.  
    
  CNX Gas Company is party to a joint development agreement with Hess Ohio Developments, LLC (Hess) with respect to approximately   155   thousand net Utica Shale acres in Ohio in which each party has a 50% undivided interest. Under the agreement, as amended, Hess is obligated to pay a total of approximately $  335,000   in the form of a 50% drilling carry of certain CONSOL Energy working interest obligations as the acreage is developed. As of   September 30, 2016  , Hess  remaining carry obligation is $  6,193  .  
    
  CNX Gas Company is party to a joint development agreement with Noble Energy, Inc. (Noble) with respect to approximately   700   thousand net Marcellus Shale natural gas and oil acres in West Virginia and Pennsylvania, in which each party owns a 50% undivided interest. Under the agreement, as amended, Noble Energy is obligated to pay a total of approximately   $1,846,000   in the form of a one-third drilling carry of certain of CONSOL Energy s working interest obligations as the property is developed, subject to certain limitations. These limitations include the suspension of the carry if average Henry Hub natural gas prices are below $4.00 per million British thermal units (MMbtu) for three consecutive months. The carry was in effect from March 1, 2014, until November 1, 2014 at which time natural gas prices had fallen below $4.00/MMbtu for three consecutive months. The carry remains suspended. Limitations also include a   $400,000   annual maximum on Noble Energy's carried cost obligation. As of   September 30, 2016  , Noble Energy s remaining carry obligation is   $1,624,448  . 

NOTE 11 SHORT-TERM NOTES PAYABLE: 
  CONSOL Energy's current senior secured credit agreement expires on June 18, 2019. The credit facility allows for up to $  2,000,000   of borrowings, which includes a $  750,000   letters of credit sub-limit. CONSOL Energy can request an additional $  500,000   increase in the aggregate borrowing limit amount.  
    
  The current facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of CONSOL Energy and certain of its subsidiaries. Fees and interest rate spreads are based on the percentage of facility utilization, measured quarterly. Availability under the facility is limited to a borrowing base, which is determined by the lenders syndication agent and approved by the required number of lenders in good faith by calculating a value of CONSOL Energy's proved natural gas reserves.  

17 

The current facility contains a number of affirmative and negative covenants that limit the Company's ability to dispose of assets, make investments, purchase or redeem CONSOL Energy common stock, pay dividends, merge with another corporation and amend, modify or restate the senior unsecured notes. In April 2016, the facility was amended to require that the Company must: (i) prepay outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility to the extent that cash on hand exceeds $150,000 for two consecutive business days; (ii) mortgage 85% of its proved reserves and 80% of its proved developed producing reserves, in each case, which are included in the borrowing base; (iii) maintain applicable deposit, securities and commodities accounts with the lenders or affiliates thereof; and (iv) enter into control agreements with respect to such applicable accounts. In addition, the Company pledged the equity interest it holds in CONE Gathering, LLC, and CONE Midstream Partners, LP as collateral to secure loans under the credit agreement.  
    
  The facility also requires that CONSOL Energy maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of   2.50   to 1.00, which is calculated as the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to cash interest expense of CONSOL Energy and certain of its subsidiaries, measured quarterly. CONSOL Energy must also maintain a minimum current ratio of no less than   1.00   to 1.00, which is calculated as the ratio of current assets, plus revolver availability, to current liabilities, excluding borrowings under the revolver, measured quarterly. At   September 30, 2016  , the interest coverage ratio was   3.99   to 1.00 and the current ratio was   2.73   to 1.00. Further, the credit facility allows unlimited investments in joint ventures for the development and operation of natural gas gathering systems and permits CONSOL Energy to separate its E P and coal businesses if the leverage ratio (which is, essentially, the ratio of debt to EBITDA) of the E P business immediately after the separation would not be greater than   2.75   to 1.00. The calculation of all of the ratios exclude CNX Coal Resources LP ("CNXC"). 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the   $2,000,000   facility had $  354,000   of borrowings outstanding and $  323,761   of letters of credit outstanding, leaving $  1,322,239   of unused capacity. At   December 31, 2015  , the   $2,000,000   facility had   $952,000   of borrowings outstanding and $  258,177   of letters of credit outstanding, leaving $  789,823   of unused capacity.  

NOTE 12 LONG-TERM DEBT: 

* Represents   $1,873   and   $1,820   due in one year, less   $4,422   of unamortized debt issuance costs at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Excludes current portion of Capital Lease Obligations of   $7,019   and $  7,590   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  In March 2015, CONSOL Energy closed on the private placement of   $500,000   of   8.00%   senior notes due in 2023 (the "Notes") less   $7,240   of unamortized bond discount. The Notes are guaranteed by substantially all of CONSOL Energy's wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries. CONSOL Energy used the net proceeds of the sale of the Notes, together with borrowings under its revolving credit facility, to purchase   $937,822   of its outstanding   8.25%   senior notes due in 2020 and   $229,176   of its outstanding   6.375%   senior notes due in 2021. As part of this transaction, $  67,734   was included in Loss on Debt Extinguishment on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

18 

Also in April 2015, CONSOL Energy purchased   $2,508   of its outstanding   8.25%   senior notes due in 2020 and   $213   of its outstanding   6.375%   senior notes due in 2021. As part of this transaction,   $17   was included in Loss on Debt Extinguishment on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
    
  In July 2015, CNXC, entered into a Credit Agreement for a   $400,000   revolving credit facility. As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, CNXC had   $208,000   and   $185,000   of outstanding borrowings on the facility, respectively. CONSOL Energy is not a guarantor of CNXC's revolving credit facility. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions for more information. 

NOTE 13 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES: 
  CONSOL Energy and its subsidiaries are subject to various lawsuits and claims with respect to such matters as personal injury, wrongful death, damage to property, exposure to hazardous substances, governmental regulations including environmental remediation, employment and contract disputes and other claims and actions arising out of the normal course of business. CONSOL Energy accrues the estimated loss for these lawsuits and claims when the loss is probable and can be estimated. The Company's current estimated accruals related to these pending claims, individually and in the aggregate, are immaterial to the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of CONSOL Energy. It is possible that the aggregate loss in the future with respect to these lawsuits and claims could ultimately be material to the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of CONSOL Energy; however, such amounts cannot be reasonably estimated. The amount claimed against CONSOL Energy is disclosed below when an amount is expressly stated in the lawsuit or claim, which is not often the case. The maximum aggregate amount claimed in those lawsuits and claims, regardless of probability, where a claim is expressly stated or can be estimated, exceeds the aggregate amounts accrued for all lawsuits and claims by approximately   $642,852  .  
    
  The following lawsuits and claims include those for which a loss is probable and an accrual has been recognized: 
    
  Hale Litigation:  This class action lawsuit was filed on September 23, 2010 in the U.S. District Court in Abingdon, Virginia.  The putative class consists of forced-pooled unleased gas owners whose ownership of the coalbed methane (CBM) gas was declared to be in conflict with rights of others. The lawsuit seeks a judicial declaration of ownership of the CBM and damages based on allegations CNX Gas Company failed to either pay royalties due to conflicting claimants or deemed lessors or paid them less than required because of the alleged practice of improper below market sales and/or taking alleged improper post-production deductions.  On September 30, 2013, the District Judge entered an Order certifying the class, and CNX Gas Company appealed the Order to the U.S. Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. On August 19, 2014, the Fourth Circuit agreed with CNX Gas Company, reversed the Order certifying the class and remanded the case to the trial court for further proceedings consistent with the decision. On April 23, 2015, Plaintiffs filed a Renewed Motion for Class Certification, and on June 23, 2015 CNX Gas Company filed its Opposition to same.  The Court held a hearing on the Motion on September 18, 2015 and has not yet ruled. CONSOL Energy continues to believe this action cannot properly proceed as a class action in any form, believes the case has meritorious defenses, and intends to defend it vigorously. The Company has established an accrual to cover its estimated liability for this case. This accrual is immaterial to the overall financial position of CONSOL Energy and is included in Other Accrued Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Addison Litigation:  This class action lawsuit was filed on April 28, 2010 in the U.S. District Court in Abingdon, Virginia. The putative class consists of gas lessors whose gas ownership is in conflict. The lawsuit seeks a judicial declaration of ownership of the CBM and damages based on the allegations that CNX Gas Company failed to either pay royalties due to these conflicting claimant lessors or paid them less than required because of the alleged practice of improper below market sales and/or taking alleged improper post-production deductions. On September 30, 2013, the District Judge entered an Order certifying the class, and CNX Gas Company appealed the Order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. On August 19, 2014, the Fourth Circuit agreed with CNX Gas Company, reversed the Order certifying the class and remanded the case to the trial court for further proceedings consistent with the decision. On April 23, 2015, Plaintiffs filed a Renewed Motion for Class Certification, and on June 23, 2015 CNX Gas Company filed its Opposition to same. The Court held a hearing on the Motion on September 18, 2015 and has not yet ruled. CONSOL Energy continues to believe this action cannot properly proceed as a class action in any form, believes the case has meritorious defenses, and intends to defend it vigorously. The Company has established an accrual to cover its estimated liability for this case. This accrual is immaterial to the overall financial position of CONSOL Energy and is included in Other Accrued Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  Clean Water Act - Bailey Mine:  The Company received from the U.S. EPA on April 8, 2011, a request for information relating to National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) Permit compliance at the Company s Bailey and Enlow Fork Mines. In response, CONSOL Pennsylvania Coal Company submitted water discharge monitoring and other data to the EPA. In early 2013, the case was referred to the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), and the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (PA DEP) also became involved. On December 18, 2014, the DOJ provided the Company a proposed Consent Decree to resolve certain Clean Water Act and Clean Streams Law claims against CONSOL Energy, Inc. and CONSOL Pennsylvania Coal Company with respect to the Bailey Mine Complex. After negotiations, the parties reached an agreement in principle on the terms of a Consent  

19 

Decree naming CONSOL Energy Inc., Consol Pennsylvania Coal Company LLC and CNX Coal Resources LP as defendants. On August 4, 2016, EPA and PA DEP filed a Complaint and Notice of Lodging of the proposed Consent Decree in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. No comments were received on the Consent Decree before the public comment period closed. On September 14, 2016, the Court signed the Consent Decree and entered final judgment in this matter. The Consent Decree imposed on defendants a civil penalty of   $3,000   and various compliance requirements. The Company has established an accrual to cover its liability in this matter. This accrual is immaterial to the overall financial position of CONSOL Energy and is included in Other Accrued Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  The following royalty and land rights lawsuits and claims include those for which a loss is reasonably possible, but not probable, and accordingly, an accrual may not have been recognized. These claims are influenced by many factors which prevent the estimation of a range of potential loss. These factors include, but are not limited to, generalized allegations of unspecified damages (such as improper deductions), discovery having not commenced or not having been completed, unavailability of expert reports on damages and non-monetary issues being tried. For example, in instances where a gas lease termination is sought, damages would depend on speculation as to if and when the gas production would otherwise have occurred, how many wells would have been drilled on the lease premises, what their production would be, what the cost of production would be, and what the price of gas would be during the production period. An estimate is calculated, if applicable, when sufficient information becomes available. 
    
  Virginia Mine Void Litigation:  The Company is currently defending three lawsuits naming Consolidation Coal Company (CCC), Island Creek Coal Company (ICCC), CNX Gas Company, and/or CONSOL Energy. The lawsuits were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Virginia. On October 26, 2015, the trial court granted summary judgment in favor of the defendants in two of the actions upon its finding that plaintiffs' claims are barred by the applicable statutes of limitation. Plaintiffs have appealed both cases to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, where oral argument is scheduled for December 8, 2016. The third case remains pending in the trial court. On January 26, 2016, six mine void lawsuits that have twice before been filed and voluntarily dismissed, were refiled for a third time in state court but have not been served. The Complaints seek damages and injunctive relief in connection with the transfer of water from mining activities at Buchanan Mine into void spaces in inactive ICCC mines adjacent to the Buchanan operations, voids ostensibly underlying plaintiffs  properties. While some of the plaintiffs have an ownership interest in the coal, others have some interest in one or more of the fee, surface, oil/gas or other mineral estates. The suits allege the water storage precludes access to and has damaged coal, impeded coalbed methane gas production and was made without compensation to the property owners. Plaintiffs seek recovery in tort, contract and trespass assumpsit (quasi-contract). The suits each seek damages between $50,000 and in excess of $100,000 plus punitive damages. The Company intends to vigorously defend these suits. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , CONSOL Energy has provided the following financial guarantees, unconditional purchase obligations and letters of credit to certain third parties, as described by major category in the following table. These amounts represent the maximum potential of total future payments that the Company could be required to make under these instruments. These amounts have not been reduced for potential recoveries under recourse or collateralization provisions. Generally, recoveries under reclamation bonds would be limited to the extent of the work performed at the time of the default. No amounts related to these financial guarantees and letters of credit are recorded as liabilities in the financial statements. CONSOL Energy management believes that these guarantees will expire without being funded, and therefore the commitments will not have a material adverse effect on financial condition. 

20 

Included in the above table are commitments and guarantees entered into in conjunction with the sale of Consolidation Coal Company and certain of its subsidiaries, which contain all five of its longwall coal mines in West Virginia, and its river operations to a subsidiary of Murray Energy Corporation (Murray Energy). As part of the sales agreement, CONSOL Energy has guaranteed certain equipment lease obligations and coal sales agreements that were assumed by Murray Energy. In the event that Murray Energy would default on the obligations defined in the agreements, CONSOL Energy would be required to perform under the guarantees. If CONSOL Energy would be required to perform, the stock purchase agreement provides various recourse actions. At   September 30, 2016  , and December 31, 2015, the fair value of these guarantees was   $1,463   and   $1,228  , respectively, and are included in Other Accrued Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of certain of the guarantees was determined using CONSOL Energy s risk-adjusted interest rate. Significant increases or decreases in the risk-adjusted interest rates may result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. Coal sales agreement guarantees were valued based on an evaluation of coal market pricing compared to contracted sales price and includes an adjustment for nonperformance risk. No other amounts related to financial guarantees and letters of credit are recorded as liabilities in the financial statements. Significant judgment is required in determining the fair value of these guarantees. The guarantees of the leases and sales agreements are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  CONSOL Energy regularly evaluates the likelihood of default for all guarantees based on an expected loss analysis and records the fair value, if any, of its guarantees as an obligation in the consolidated financial statements.   
  CONSOL Energy and CNX Gas Company enter into long-term unconditional purchase obligations to procure major equipment purchases, natural gas firm transportation, gas drilling services and other operating goods and services. These purchase obligations are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of   September 30, 2016  , the purchase obligations for each of the next five years and beyond were as follows: 

21 

NOTE 14 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS: 
    
  CONSOL Energy enters into financial derivative instruments to manage its exposure to commodity price volatility. CONSOL Energy de-designated all of its cash flow hedges on December 31, 2014 and accounts for all existing and future gas and NGL commodity hedges on a mark-to-market basis with changes in fair value recorded in current period earnings. In connection with this de-designation, CONSOL Energy froze the balances recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income at December 31, 2014 and reclassifies balances to earnings as the underlying physical transactions occur, unless it is no longer probable that the physical transaction will occur at which time the related gains deferred in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) will be immediately recorded in earnings.  
    
  CONSOL Energy is exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance by counterparties. The creditworthiness of counterparties is subject to continuing review. The Company has not experienced any issues of non-performance by derivative counterparties. 
    
  None of the Company's counterparty master agreements currently require CONSOL Energy to post collateral for any of its positions. However, as stated in the counterparty master agreements, if CONSOL Energy's obligations with one of its counterparties cease to be secured on the same basis as similar obligations with the other lenders under the credit facility, CONSOL Energy would have to post collateral for instruments in a liability position in excess of defined thresholds. All of the Company's derivative instruments are subject to master netting arrangements with our counterparties. CONSOL Energy recognizes all financial derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a gross basis. 
     
  Each of CONSOL Energy's counterparty master agreements allows, in the event of default, the ability to elect early termination of outstanding contracts. If early termination is elected, CONSOL Energy and the applicable counterparty would net settle all open hedge positions.  
    
  CONSOL Energy s natural gas derivative instruments accounted for a total notional amount of production of   597.1   Bcf at   September 30, 2016   and are forecasted to settle through   2020  . At   December 31, 2015  , the natural gas derivative instruments accounted for a total notional amount of production of   456.1   Bcf. At   September 30, 2016  , the basis only swaps were for notional amounts of   360.6   Bcf and are forecasted to settle through   2020  . At   December 31, 2015  , the basis only swaps were for notional amounts of   124.4   Bcf. CONSOL Energy's NGL derivative instruments accounted for a total notional amount of production of   254.8   Mbbls of propane at   September 30, 2016   and are forecasted to settle through   2017  . No NGL derivative instruments were outstanding at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The gross fair value of CONSOL Energy's derivative instruments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows: 

22 

The effect of derivative instruments on CONSOL Energy's Consolidated Statements of Income was as follows: 

Changes in Accumulated OCI, net of tax, attributable to cash flow hedges that were de-designated December 31, 2014 were as follows: 

CONSOL Energy expects to reclassify an additional   $9,995  , net of tax of   $5,727  , out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income prior to December 31, 2016.  

NOTE 15 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS: 
    
  CONSOL Energy determines the fair value of assets and liabilities based on the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. The fair values are based on assumptions that market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and the risks inherent in valuation techniques and the inputs to valuations. The fair value hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources (including NYMEX forward curves, LIBOR-based discount rates and basis forward curves), while unobservable inputs reflect the Company's own assumptions of what market participants would use.  

23 

The fair value hierarchy includes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value as described below: 
  Level One - Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.  
  Level Two - The fair value of the assets and liabilities included in Level 2 are based on standard industry income approach models that use significant observable inputs, including NYMEX forward curves, LIBOR-based discount rates and basis forward curves. 
  Level Three - Unobservable inputs significant to the fair value measurement supported by little or no market activity. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company's third party guarantees are the credit risk of the third party and the third party surety bond markets. A significant increase or decrease in these values, in isolation, would have a directionally similar effect resulting in higher or lower fair value measurement of the Company's Level 3 guarantees.  
  In those cases when the inputs used to measure fair value meet the definition of more than one level of the fair value hierarchy, the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its totality determines the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy.  
  The financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below: 

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value for which the fair value option was not elected: 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents:   The carrying amount reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for cash and cash equivalents approximates its fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. 
    
  Short-term notes payable  : The carrying amount reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for short-term notes payable approximates its fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. 
    
  Long-term debt:   The fair value of long-term debt is measured using unadjusted quoted market prices or estimated using discounted cash flow analyses. The discounted cash flow analyses are based on current market rates for instruments with similar cash flows. 
    
  The carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments for which the fair value option was not elected are as follows: 

Cash and cash equivalents represent highly liquid instruments and constitute Level 1 fair value measurements. Certain of the Company s debt is actively traded on a public market and, as a result, constitutes Level 1 fair value measurement. The portion of the Company s debt obligations that are not actively traded are valued through reference to the applicable underlying benchmark rate and, as a result, constitutes Level 2 fair value measurement. 

24 

NOTE 16 SEGMENT INFORMATION: 
  CONSOL Energy consists of two principal business divisions: Exploration and Production (E P) and Pennsylvania (PA) Mining Operations. The principal activity of the E P division, which includes four reportable segments, is to produce pipeline quality natural gas for sale primarily to gas wholesalers. The E P division's reportable segments are Marcellus, Utica, Coalbed Methane, and Other Gas. The Other Gas segment is primarily related to shallow oil and gas production and the Chattanooga Shale in Tennessee, neither of which are significant to the Company. It also includes the Company's purchased gas activities, selling, general and administrative activities, as well as various other activities assigned to the E P division but not allocated to each individual strata. The principal activities of the PA Mining Operations division are mining, preparation and marketing of thermal coal, sold primarily to power generators. It also includes selling, general and administrative activities, as well as various other activities assigned to the PA Mining Operations division. 
  CONSOL Energy s Other division includes expenses from various corporate and diversified business activities that are not allocated to the E P or PA Mining Operations divisions. The diversified business activities include coal terminal operations, closed and idle mine activities, water operations, selling, general and administrative activities, as well as various other non-operated activities, none of which are individually significant to the Company.  
  Prior to the sale of the Buchanan Mine on March 31, 2016 and the Fola and Miller Creek Complexes on August 1, 2016, (See Note 2 - Discontinued Operations), CONSOL Energy had a Coal division. The Coal division had three reportable segments; PA Operations, Virginia (VA) Operations and Other Coal. The VA Operations segment included the Buchanan Mine and the Other Coal segment was primarily comprised of the assets and operations of the Fola and Miller Creek Complexes, as well as coal terminal operations, closed and idle mine activities, selling, general and administrative activities and various other non-operated activities. PA Operations now constitutes its own division and reportable segment, and the remaining activity in the Other Coal segment became part of CONSOL Energy's diversified business activities in the Other division.  
  In the preparation of the following information, intersegment sales have been recorded at amounts approximating market. Operating profit for each segment is based on sales less identifiable operating and non-operating expenses. Assets are reflected at the division level for E P and are not allocated between each individual E P segment. These assets are not allocated to each individual segment due to the diverse asset base controlled by CONSOL Energy, whereby each individual asset may service more than one segment within the division. An allocation of such asset base would not be meaningful or representative on a segment by segment basis. 

25 

Industry segment results for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   are: 

(A)     Includes equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates of   $15,219   and     $136   for E P and Other, respectively. 
           (B)    Includes investments in unconsolidated equity affiliates of   $253,637   and   $3,786   for E P and Other, respectively. 

26 

Industry segment results for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015   are: 

(C) 
    Included in the PA Mining Operations segment are sales of   $73,780   to Duke Energy, which comprises over 10% of sales. 
               (D)  
    Includes equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates of   $13,467   and   $2,121   for E P and Other, respectively. 
               (E)    Includes investments in unconsolidated equity affiliates of   $205,987   and   $4,105   for E P and Other, respectively. 

27 

Industry segment results for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   are: 

(F)     Includes equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates of   $39,980   and   $1,259   for E P and Other, respectively. 
           (G)    Includes investments in unconsolidated equity affiliates of   $253,637   and   $3,786   for E P and Other, respectively. 

28 

Industry segment results for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015   are: 

(H) 
    Included in the PA Mining Operations segment are sales of   $183,864   to Duke Energy, which comprises over 10% of sales.     
               (I) 
    Includes equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates of   $31,877   and   $6,961   for E P and Other, respectively. 
               (J)    Includes investments in unconsolidated equity affiliates of   $205,987   and   $4,105   for E P and Other, respectively. 

29 

Reconciliation of Segment Information to Consolidated Amounts: 

NOTE 17 GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES FINANCIAL INFORMATION: 
  The payment obligations under the   $74,470  ,   8.250%   per annum senior notes due   April 1, 2020  , the   $20,611  ,   6.375%   per annum senior notes due   March 1, 2021  , the   $1,854,953  ,   5.875%   per annum senior notes due   April 15, 2022  , and the   $494,118  ,   8.000%   per annum senior notes due   April 1, 2023   issued by CONSOL Energy are jointly and severally, and also fully and unconditionally, guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of CONSOL Energy. In accordance with positions established by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the following financial information sets forth separate financial information with respect to the parent, CNX Gas, a guarantor subsidiary,  CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC), a non-guarantor subsidiary, and the remaining guarantor and non-guarantor subsidiaries. The principal elimination entries include investments in subsidiaries and certain intercompany balances and transactions. CONSOL Energy, the parent, and a guarantor subsidiary manage several assets and liabilities of all other wholly owned subsidiaries. These include, for example, deferred tax assets, cash and other post-employment liabilities. These assets and liabilities are reflected as parent company or guarantor company amounts for purposes of this presentation.  
  On September 30, 2016, CNXC acquired an additional 5% undivided interest in the Pennsylvania Mining Complex from CONSOL Energy, increasing their total undivided interest to 25%. To account for the acquisition, CNXC recast its consolidated financial statements to retrospectively reflect the additional 5% interest as if the business was owned for all periods presented. This resulted in corresponding retrospective adjustments between the Other Subsidiary Guarantors and the CNXC Non-Guarantor columns below. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 

30 

Income Statement for the   Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   (unaudited):   

31 

Balance Sheet at   September 30, 2016   (unaudited):   

32 

Income Statement for the   Three Months Ended     September 30, 2015   (unaudited): 

33 

Balance Sheet at   December 31, 2015  :   

34 

Income Statement for the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   (unaudited):   

35 

Income Statement for the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015   (unaudited):   

36 

Cash Flow for the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   (unaudited):    

37 

Cash Flow for the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015   (unaudited):    

38 

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the   Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   (unaudited): 

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the   Three Months Ended     September 30, 2015   (unaudited): 

39 

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   (unaudited): 

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015   (unaudited): 

40 

NOTE 18 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS: 
  CONE Gathering LLC (CONE) and CONE Midstream Partners LP (the Partnership) 
    
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , additional capital contributions of $  2,571   were made to CONE and additional capital contributions of $  2,051   were made to the Partnership. The capital contributions were offset by   $1,640   of distributions from CONE, and $  20,628   of distributions from the Partnership. During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , additional capital contributions of $  8,541   were made to CONE, and additional capital contributions of   $58,212   were made to the Partnership, offset in part, by   $12,364   of distributions from the Partnership.   
    
  Following the Partnership IPO in September 2014, CONE has a 2% general partner interest in the Partnership, while each sponsor has a 32.1% limited partner interest. CNX Gas Company accounts for its portion of the earnings in the Partnership under the equity method of accounting. At   September 30, 2016  , CNX Gas Company and Noble Energy each continue to own a 50% interest in the assets of CONE that were not contributed to the Partnership. Equity in earnings of affiliates during the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   related to CONE was   $6,567   and   $6,423  , respectively. Equity in earnings of affiliates during the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   related to the Partnership was   $7,586   and   $6,310  , respectively. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , equity in earnings of affiliates related to CONE was   $13,713   and   $14,099  , respectively. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , equity in earnings affiliates related to the Partnership was   $22,996   and   $15,671  , respectively.  
    
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , CONE and the Partnership provided gathering services to CNX Gas Company in the ordinary course of business. Gathering services provided were   $31,216   and   $27,890   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , gathering services were   $93,209   and   $75,176  , respectively. These costs were included in Transportation, Gathering and Compression Costs on CONSOL Energy s accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , CONSOL Energy had a net payable of   $8,543   and   $12,216   respectively, due to both the Partnership and CONE primarily for accrued but unpaid gathering services. Additionally, during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , CONSOL Energy purchased   $2,239   of supply inventory from the Partnership.  
    
  CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) 
    
  On July 7, 2015, CNXC closed its initial public offering of   5,000,000   common units representing limited partnership interests at a price to the public of   $15.00   per unit. Additionally, Greenlight Capital entered into a common unit purchase agreement with CNXC pursuant to which Greenlight Capital agreed to purchase, and CNXC agreed to sell,   5,000,000   common units at a price per unit equal to   $15.00  , which equates to   $75,000   in net proceeds. CNXC's general partner is CNX Coal Resources GP, a wholly owned subsidiary of CONSOL Energy. The underwriters of the IPO filing exercised an over-allotment option of   561,067   common units to the public at   $15.00   per unit. 
    
  In connection with the IPO offering, CNXC entered into a   $400,000   senior secured revolving credit facility with certain lenders and PNC Bank, National Association (PNC), as administrative agent. Obligations under the revolving credit facility are guaranteed by CNXC's subsidiaries (the "guarantor subsidiaries") and are secured by substantially all of CNXC's and CNXC's subsidiaries' assets pursuant to a security agreement and various mortgages. Under the new revolving credit facility, CNXC made an initial draw of   $200,000  , and after origination fees of   $3,000  , the net proceeds were   $197,000  .  
    
  The total net proceeds related to these transactions that were distributed to CONSOL Energy were   $342,711  .     
    
  On September 30, 2016, CNXC and its wholly owned subsidiary, CNX Thermal Holdings LLC (CNX Thermal), entered into a Contribution Agreement with CONSOL Energy, CONSOL Pennsylvania Coal Company LLC and Conrhein Coal Company (the Contributing Parties) under which CNX Thermal acquired an additional 5% undivided interest in and to the Pennsylvania Mine Complex, in exchange for (i) cash consideration in the amount of   $21,500   and (ii) CNXC's issuance of   3,956,496   Class A Preferred Units representing limited partner interests in CNXC at an issue price of   $17.01   per Class A preferred Unit (the "Class A Preferred Unit Issue Price"), or an aggregate   $67,300   in equity consideration. The Class A Preferred Unit Issue Price was calculated as the volume-weighted average trading price of CNXC's common units (the "Common Units") over the trailing 15-day trading period ending on September 29, 2016 (or   $14.79   per unit), plus a 15% premium.  
    
  In connection with the PA Mining acquisition, on September 30, 2016, the General Partner and CNXC entered into the First Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement (the "Amended Omnibus Agreement") with CONSOL Energy and certain of its subsidiaries. Under the Amended Omnibus Agreement, CONSOL Energy indemnified CNXC for certain liabilities. The Amended Omnibus Agreement also amended CNXC's obligations to CONSOL Energy with respect to the payment of an annual administrative  

41 

support fee and reimbursement for the provisions of certain management and operating services provided, in each case to reflect structural changes in how those services are provided to CNXC by CONSOL Energy.  
    
  Charges for services from CONSOL Energy include the following: 

At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, CNXC had a net payable to CONSOL Energy in the amount of   $1,320   and   $4,310  , respectively. This payable includes reimbursements for business expenses, executive fees, stock-based compensation and other items under the omnibus agreement. 

NOTE 19 STOCK REPURCHASE: 
    
  In December 2014, CONSOL Energy's Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program under which CONSOL Energy may purchase from time to time up to   $250,000   of its common stock over the next two years. Under the terms of the program, CONSOL Energy may make repurchases in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, accelerated repurchase programs or in structured share repurchase programs. Any repurchases of common stock will be funded from available cash on hand or short-term borrowings. The program does not obligate CONSOL Energy to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and it may be modified or suspended at any time at the Company's discretion. The program will be conducted in compliance with applicable legal requirements and within the limits imposed by any credit agreement, receivables purchase agreement or indenture and shall be subject to market conditions and other factors. During the   three   and   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , and during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  , no shares were repurchased. During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  ,   2,213,100   shares were repurchased and retired at an average price of $  32.37   per share. 

NOTE 20 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS: 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-15 - Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The amendments relate to debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, and beneficial interests in securitization transactions. The Update also states that, in the absence of specific guidance for cash receipts and payments that have aspects of more than one class of cash flows, an entity should classify each separately identifiable source or use within the cash receipts and payments on the basis of their nature in financing, investing, or operating activities. In situations in which cash receipts or payments cannot be separated by source or use, the appropriate classification should depend on the activity that is likely to be the predominant source or use of cash flows for the item. The amendments in the Update will be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented and, for public entities, are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on CONSOL Energy's financial statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-13 - Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which provides financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. To achieve this, the amendments in this Update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current Generally Accepted Accounting Principals (GAAP) with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The measurement of expected credit losses will be based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectibility of the reported amount. The amendments in this Update will be applied using a modified-retrospective approach and, for public entities, are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company believes this guidance will not have a material impact on CONSOL Energy's financial statements. 

42 

In May 2014, the FASB issued Update 2014-09 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605 - Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. The objective of the amendments in this Update is to improve financial reporting by creating common revenue recognition guidance for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services and should disclose sufficient information, both qualitative and quantitative, to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The following updates to Topic 606 were made during 2016: 
             
    In March 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-08 - Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net), which clarifies how an entity determines whether it is a principal or an agent for goods or services promised to a customer as well as the nature of the goods or services promised to their customers.  
                
    In April 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-10 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which seeks to address implementation issues in the areas of identifying performance obligations and licensing.  
                
    In May 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-12 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which seeks to address implementation issues in the areas of collectibility, presentation of sales taxes, noncash consideration, and completed contracts and contract modifications at transition.  
     After considering the FASB's issuance of a standard that delayed application of Topic 606 by one year, the new standards are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with the option to adopt as early as annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption as it relates to Update 2014-09 and the impacts that these standards will have on CONSOL Energy's financial statements.     
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-09 - Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Specifically, this Update states that: all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement; excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity; an entity can make an accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur; the threshold to qualify for equity classification permits withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates in the applicable jurisdictions; and cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity. For public entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on CONSOL Energy's financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Update 2016-02 - Leases (Topic 842), which increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Update 2016-02 does retain a distinction between finance leases and operating leases, which is substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases and operating leases in the previous lease guidance. Retaining this distinction allows the recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease to not significantly change from previous GAAP. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities, but to recognize lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For both financing and operating leases, the right-to-use asset and lease liability will be initially measured at the present value of the lease payments in the statement of financial position.The accounting applied by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under previous GAAP. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance may have on CONSOL Energy's financial statements. 
   
  NOTE 21 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS: 
    
  On October 29, 2016, CNX Gas entered into an Exchange Agreement with Noble Energy, which would effectively terminate the joint development of the gas assets held in connection with our joint venture with Noble Energy and divide such gas assets among CNX Gas and Noble Energy. Noble Energy, Inc. will also remit a cash payment of approximately $205,000 to CONSOL Energy at closing (subject to certain adjustments provided for in the Exchange Agreement). 
  . 

43 

ITEM 2.  
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
      
  General 
    
  CONSOL Energy's E P production increased by   12%   in the just-ended quarter, compared to the year-earlier quarter. The E P Division had earnings before income tax of $  161   million in the   third   quarter of 2016 due primarily to an unrealized gain on commodity derivative instruments, related to changes in the fair market value of existing hedges on a mark-to-market basis, as well as, reductions to lease operating and transportation, gathering and compression expenses in the current period.  
    
  For the third quarter of 2016, CONSOL Energy's average sales price for natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), oil, and condensate was $  2.54   per Mcfe. CONSOL Energy's average price for natural gas was $  2.06   per Mcf for the quarter and, including cash settlements from hedging, was $2.53 per Mcf. The average realized price for all liquids for the   third   quarter of 2016 was $15.48 per barrel.  
    
  CONSOL Energy has continued recovering and selling ethane primarily via Sunoco Logistics' Mariner East project, which ships ethane to the Marcus Hook Industrial Complex for export. Such ethane sales have improved the NGL contribution to revenue. On an equivalent basis, these ethane sales yielded a significantly higher price than the Texas Eastern M2 market where sales would generally have occurred had the volumes been rejected into the natural gas stream. CONSOL expects further revenue enhancement in 2016 and beyond as its recovered ethane volumes grow and as the Mariner East project expands in 2017. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, CONSOL Energy's E P Division achieved record production of   96.4   Bcfe, or an increase of   12%   from the   86.1   Bcfe produced in the year-earlier quarter. The E P Division's total unit cash costs declined during the quarter to $1.31 per Mcfe, compared to $1.49 per Mcfe during the year-earlier quarter, or an improvement of approximately 12%, driven by the reductions to lease operating and transportation, gathering and compression expenses. The Company also brought back two rigs to begin drilling in Monroe County, Ohio, which started in August. Since then, two dry Utica wells were drilled at an average lateral length of approximately 8,600 feet with drilling costs of $180 per foot of lateral, which is better than the previously stated expectation of $190 per foot of lateral.  
    
   CONSOL Energy's PA Mining Operations sold   6.0   million tons in the 2016 third quarter, compared to   5.7   million tons during the year-earlier quarter. Total unit costs were $  35.79   per ton, compared to $  40.26   per ton in the year-earlier quarter.  The PA Mining Operations division had earnings before income tax of   $35 million  .  
    
  In August 2016, CONSOL Energy completed the sale of the Miller Creek and Fola Mining Complex subsidiaries. The net loss on sale was $53 million and was included in Loss from Discontinued Operations, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition to the sale, at the end of the quarter, CONSOL Energy announced that CNX Coal Resources ("CNXC") acquired an additional 5% undivided interest in the Pennsylvanian Mining Complex and associated infrastructure from CONSOL Energy for $22 million in cash consideration and $67 million in equity consideration.  
    
  CONSOL Energy 2016 - 2017 Guidance 
    
  E P DIVISION GUIDANCE 
    
  CONSOL Energy expects to maintain annual 2016 E P Division production of 380-385 Bcfe.  
    
  Total hedged natural gas production in the 2016 fourth quarter is 63.6 Bcf. The annual gas hedge position is shown in the table below: 

* 2017 production will be a function of the second half of 2016 capital program, continued debottlenecking initiatives, and the company's drilled but uncompleted (DUC) well inventory.  
  ** Includes actual settlements of 225.3 Bcf.  
    
  CONSOL Energy's hedged gas volumes include a combination of NYMEX financial hedges and index financial hedges (NYMEX plus basis). In addition, to protect the NYMEX hedge volumes from basis exposure, CONSOL enters into basis-only  

44 

financial hedges and physical sales with fixed basis at certain sales points. CONSOL Energy's gas hedge position is shown in the table below: 
    
  GAS HEDGES 
   
 * Includes physical sales with fixed basis in Q4 2016, 2016, and 2017 of 17.0 Bcf, 76.6 Bcf, and 34.6 Bcf, respectively. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, CONSOL Energy added additional NYMEX natural gas hedges of 7.7 Bcf for 2017. To help mitigate basis exposure on NYMEX hedges, in the third quarter, CONSOL added 2.6 Bcf and 22.7 Bcf of basis hedges for 2016 and 2017, respectively. Based on CONSOL Energy s view of regional pricing during 2017, CONSOL Energy focused primarily on regional hedging. Of the 22.7 Bcf of basis hedges added for 2017, 12.1 Bcf is applicable to Texas Eastern M2 and Dominion South sales points. CONSOL Energy also has hedges in place for a portion of its 2018, 2019, and 2020 production. 
    
  CONSOL Energy's 2016 NYMEX plus basis natural gas hedge position has increased to 264.5 Bcf at an average hedge price of $3.03 per Mcf. NYMEX plus basis hedge volumes are not exposed to basis differentials but instead have protected revenue. As a result, in 2016, NYMEX plus basis gas hedges should lock in revenue of approximately $801 million. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, CONSOL Energy continued to add NGL (propane) hedges. Excluding actual 2016 settlements of 6.8 million gallons, CONSOL Energy currently has 10.7 million gallons of propane directly hedged through March of 2017 at an average price of $0.48 per gallon. CONSOL Energy also has direct, term sales contracts with counterparties for NGLs.  
    
  PA MINING OPERATIONS DIVISION GUIDANCE 
    
  CONSOL Energy now expects total consolidated annual 2016 PA Mining Operations sales to be approximately 23.6-24.4 million tons, compared to previous quarter's guidance of approximately 22.5-25.5 million tons. 
    
  CONSOL Energy's 2016 total consolidated PA Mining Operations capital expenditures is reduced to now be between $60-$76 million. The reduction to PA Mining Operations capital expenditures was primarily driven by the company's ongoing efforts to manage spending levels in 2016. On a normalized basis, the PA Mining Operations Division expects maintenance of production capital of $5-$6 per ton.  

45 

Results of Operations -   Three Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared with   Three Months Ended     September 30, 2015    
   
  Net Income Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders 
  CONSOL Energy reported net income attributable to CONSOL Energy shareholders of $  25   million, or earnings of $  0.11   per diluted share, for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to net income attributable to CONSOL Energy shareholders of $  119   million, or earnings of $  0.52   per diluted share, for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  .  

CONSOL Energy consists of two principal business divisions: Exploration and Production (E P) and Pennsylvania (PA) Mining Operations. The total E P division includes four segments: Marcellus, Utica, Coalbed Methane (CBM), and Other Gas.  
    
   The total E P division contributed $  161   million of earnings before income tax for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $50   million of earnings before income tax for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  The following table presents a breakout of net liquid and natural gas sales information to assist in the understanding of the Company s natural gas production and sales portfolio: 

46 

Total E P sales volumes, average sales price (including the effects of derivative instruments), and average costs for all active E P operations were as follows:  

Total E P division Natural Gas, NGLs, and Oil sales were $  206   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $  158   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily due to the   12.0%   increase in total volumes sold and the   8.1%   increase in average sales price per Mcfe. The increase in average sales price was the result of the overall improvement in general market prices in the Appalachian basin during the current period. The increase was offset, in part, by a decrease in the realized gain on commodity derivative instruments related to the Company's hedging program.  
    
  Changes in the average costs per Mcfe were primarily related to the following items: 
             
    The improvement in unit costs is primarily due to the continuing shift towards lower cost Marcellus and Utica Shale production, ongoing cost reduction efforts and the   12.0%   increase in total volumes sold in the period-to-period comparison. Marcellus production made up   53.7%   of natural gas and liquid sales volumes for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   53.3%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Utica production made up   23.3%   of natural gas and liquid sales volumes for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   17.8%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
                
    Lease operating expense decreased on a per unit basis in the period-to-period comparison due to a decrease in well tending costs, employee related costs and salt water disposal costs. The decrease in unit costs was also due to the overall increase in E P sales volumes.  
                
    Transportation, gathering and compression expense decreased on a per unit basis in the period-to-period comparison due to the overall increase in E P sales volumes and the shift towards dry Utica Shale production which has lower gathering costs since there are no associated processing fees. The decrease in unit costs was partially offset by an increase in total dollars related to an increase in utilized firm transportation costs, increased processing fees associated with NGLs, and an increase in CONE gathering expense directly related to the increase in Marcellus production. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
       
   The PA Mining Operations division had earnings before income tax of   $35 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to earnings before income tax of   $132 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Sales tons, average sales price and average cost of goods sold per ton for the PA Mining Operations division were as follows: 

The lower average sales price per ton sold in the 2016 period was primarily the result of the overall decline in both the domestic and global thermal coal markets. The PA Mining Operations division priced   0.6   million tons on the export market for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   1.0   million tons for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . All other tons were sold on the domestic market.   

47 

Changes in the average cost of goods sold per ton were driven primarily by a reduction in staffing levels and a realignment of employee benefits in the period-to-period comparison. All of the above steps resulted in more consistent operating schedules, reduced labor costs and improved productivity. 
  The Other division includes other business activities not assigned to the E P or PA Mining Operations divisions, as well as  income taxes. The Other division had a net loss of   $134 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a net loss of   $53 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  .   
  Selling, general and administrative (SG A) costs are allocated to the PA Mining Operations division based upon a shared service agreement that CONSOL Energy entered into with CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) upon execution of the CNXC initial public offering (IPO). The shared service agreement calls for CONSOL Energy to provide certain selling, general and administrative services that are paid for monthly, based on an agreed upon fixed fee, that is reset at least annually. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. The remaining SG A costs are allocated between the E P and Other divisions based primarily on a percentage of total revenue and a percentage of total projected capital expenditures. 
    
   SG A costs are excluded from the E P and PA Mining Operations unit costs above. SG A costs were   $38 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $39 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . SG A costs   decreased   due to the following items: 

The   decrease   in Short-Term Incentive Compensation was a result of lower payouts in the current period. 
                
    Advertising and Promotion expense   decreased     $1 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Stock-Based Compensation expenses   increased     $2 million   in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to additional non-cash amortization expense and accelerated non-cash amortization recorded in the current period for employees who received awards under the Performance Share Unit (PSU) program. 
                
    Other   increased     $4 million   in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to a 401(k) discretionary contribution in the current period. 
       
  Total Company long-term liabilities, such as OPEB, the salary retirement plan, workers' compensation, Coal Workers' Pneumoconiosis (CWP), and long-term disability are actuarially calculated for the Company as a whole. In general, the expenses are then allocated to the segments based upon criteria specific to each liability. Total CONSOL Energy continuing operations expense related to actuarial liabilities was $  17 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to income of $  78 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in expense of   $95 million   is primarily due to modifications made to the OPEB and Pension plans in May 2015. See Note 16 - Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Plans and Note 17 - Coal Workers' Pneumoconiosis (CWP) and Workers' Compensation in the Notes to the Audited Financial Statements in our December 31, 2015 Form 10-K and Note 5 - Components of Pension and OPEB Plans Net Periodic Benefit Costs in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional details. 

48 

TOTAL E P DIVISION ANALYSIS for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  : 
  The E P division had earnings before income tax of $  161   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to earnings before income tax of $  50   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Variances by individual E P segment are discussed below. 

49 

MARCELLUS GAS SEGMENT 
  The Marcellus segment had earnings before income tax of $  10   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a loss before income tax of $  14   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 

* NGLs and Condensate are converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of oil, NGLs, condensate, and natural gas prices. 
    
  The Marcellus segment had natural gas, NGLs and oil sales of $  107   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  75   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  32   million   increase   was primarily due to a   29.6%     increase   in average gas sales price, as well as a   12.9%     increase   in total Marcellus sales volumes due to additional wells coming on-line in the current period.  
    
  The   increase   in Marcellus total average sales price was primarily due to the $  0.47   per Mcf   increase   in gas market prices, offset in part by a $0.03 per Mcfe decrease in the uplift from NGLs and condensate sales volumes when excluding the impact of hedging. The   increase  d total average sales price was also offset by a $  0.07   per Mcf   decrease   related to the Company's hedging program due to the improvement in market prices. Financial hedges represented approximately 44.2 Bcf of our total Marcellus sales volumes for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   at an average gain of $0.53 per Mcf. For the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  , these financial hedges represented approximately 27.7 Bcf at an average gain of $0.85 per Mcf.  
    
  Total costs for the Marcellus segment were $  121   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  113   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in total dollars and   decrease   in unit costs for the Marcellus segment are due to the following items:  
    
     Marcellus lease operating expenses were $  8   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  10   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in total dollars was primarily due to cost cutting measures that were implemented in the fourth quarter of 2015 which resulted in a decrease in well tending costs, salt water disposal costs and lower employee related costs in the current period. The   decrease   in unit costs was primarily due to the   12.9%     increase   in total Marcellus sales volumes, along with the decrease in total dollars as described above.  
    
     Marcellus production, ad valorem, and other fees were $  5   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and  the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in unit costs was primarily due to the   12.9%     increase   in total Marcellus sales volumes. 

50 

Marcellus transportation, gathering and compression costs were $  57   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  54   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in total dollars primarily relates to an increase in CONE gathering fees due to the   10.0%     increase   in Marcellus gas sales volumes (See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information), an increase in processing fees associated with NGLs primarily due to the   50.9%     increase   in NGLs sales volumes, and an increase in utilized firm transportation expense. The   decrease   in unit costs was due to the   increase   in Marcellus sales volumes, offset, in part, by the   increase   in total dollars.  
    
     Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the Marcellus segment were $  51   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  44   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . These amounts included depreciation on a unit of production basis of $0.97 per Mcf and $0.93 per Mcf, respectively. The increase in unit costs in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to the decrease in the year-end 2015 Marcellus reserves. The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to gas well closing.  

UTICA GAS SEGMENT 
    
  The Utica segment had earnings before income tax of $  4   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a loss before income tax of $  11   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  .   

*NGLs and Condensate are converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of oil, NGLs, condensate, and natural gas prices. 
    
  The Utica segment had natural gas, NGLs and oil sales of $  40   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  21   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  19   million   increase   was primarily due to the   47.1%     increase   in total Utica volumes sold. The   7.2   Bcfe   increase   in total Utica sales volumes was due to additional wells coming on-line, primarily in dry Utica areas, in the current period.  
    
  The   increase   in Utica total average sales price was primarily due to the   $0.17   per Mcf   increase   in the gain on commodity derivative instruments in the current period due partially to lower prices for gas in this market, offset, in part, by the   $0.08   per Mcf   decrease   in average gas sales price. Financial hedges represented approximately 8.7 Bcf of our produced Utica sales volumes for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   at an average gain of $0.53 per Mcf. For the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  , these financial hedges represented approximately 1.4 Bcf at an average gain of $0.66 per Mcf. 

51 

Total costs for the Utica segment were $  41   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  33   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in total dollars and   decrease   in unit costs for the Utica segment are due to the following items: 
    
     Utica lease operating expenses were $  4   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  6   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in total dollars was primarily due to a decrease in non-operated well costs as well as a decrease in repair and maintenance costs in the current period. The   decrease   in unit costs was due to the   47.1%     increase   in total Utica sales volumes, as well as the   decrease  d total dollars described above. 
    
     Utica production, ad valorem, and other fees were $  1   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in unit costs in the current period, was primarily due to a nominal increase in total dollars, offset, in part, by the   47.1%     increase   in total Utica sales volumes. 
    
     Utica transportation, gathering and compression costs were $  14   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  9   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  5   million   increase   in total dollars was primarily related to an increase in processing fees associated with NGLs as well as increased gathering and processing fees associated with the overall   increase   in Utica sales volumes. Unit costs remained consistent in the period-to-period comparison. 
    
     Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the Utica segment were $  22   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  17   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . These amounts included depreciation on a unit of production basis of $0.93 per Mcf and $1.05 per Mcf, respectively. The decrease in unit costs in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to an increase in Utica reserves. The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to gas well closing. 

COALBED METHANE (CBM) GAS SEGMENT 
  The CBM segment had earnings before income tax of $  7   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to earnings before income tax of $  12   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 

The CBM segment had natural gas sales of $  47   million in the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  49   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  2   million   decrease   was primarily due to a   8.1%     decrease   in total CBM volumes sold, offset, in part, by a   4.5%     increase   in the average gas sales price per Mcf. The   decrease   in CBM volumes sold was primarily due to normal well declines and less drilling activity.  
    
  The CBM total average sales price   decrease  d   $0.17   per Mcf in the current period, primarily as a result of a   $0.29   per Mcf   decrease   related to the Company's hedging program due to the improvement in market prices. The hedging   decrease  s were offset, in part, by a   $0.12   per Mcf   increase   in the average sales price. Financial hedges represented approximately 15.3 Bcf of our produced CBM sales volumes for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   at an average gain of $0.54 per Mcf. For the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  , these financial hedges represented approximately 14.0 Bcf at an average gain of $1.02 per Mcf.   

52 

Total costs for the CBM segment were $  48   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  51   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in total dollars and   increase   in unit costs for the CBM segment were due to the following items: 
    
     CBM lease operating expenses were $  7   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  8   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in total dollars was primarily related to a decrease in salt water disposal costs in the current period. The   decrease   in unit costs was primarily due to the   decrease   in total dollars described above, partially offset by the   decrease   in CBM sales volumes. 
    
     CBM production, ad valorem, and other fees were $  2   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Unit costs were positively impacted by the   decrease   in average sales price which was offset, in part, by the   decrease   in CBM sales volumes.  
    
     CBM transportation, gathering and compression costs were $  18   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  21   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   of $  3   million was primarily related to a  decrease in utilized firm transportation expense and a decrease in power expense, both of which resulted from the overall   decrease   in CBM sales volumes. Unit costs were also positively impacted by the   decrease   in total dollars which was offset, in part, by the   decrease   in CBM sales volumes.  
    
     Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the CBM segment were $  21   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   $20   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . These amounts included depreciation on a unit of production basis of $0.81 per Mcf and $0.73 per Mcf, respectively. The increase in unit costs in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to the decrease in the year-end 2015 CBM reserves. The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to gas well closing.  

OTHER GAS SEGMENT 
    
  The Other Gas segment had earnings before income tax of $  140   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to earnings before income tax of $  63   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 

*Oil is converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of oil and natural gas prices. 
    
  The Other Gas segment includes activity not assigned to the Marcellus, Utica, or CBM segments. This segment also includes purchased gas activity, unrealized gain or loss on commodity derivative instruments, exploration and production related other costs, other corporate expenses and miscellaneous operational activity not assigned to a specific E P segment. 

53 

Other Gas sales volumes are primarily related to shallow oil and gas production, as well as the Chattanooga shale in Tennessee. Natural gas, NGLs and oil sales related to the Other Gas segment were $  12   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $13   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in natural gas, NGLs and oil sales primarily related to the   $0.30   per Mcfe   decrease   in total average sales price and a   20.3%   decrease in sales volumes. Total costs related to these other sales were   $18   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $23   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in depreciation, depletion and amortization costs related to the adjustment to our shallow oil and gas rates after an impairment in the carrying value was recognized in the second quarter of 2015. 
    
  There was an unrealized gain on commodity derivative instruments of $160 million and cash settlements of $1 million related to the Other Gas segment for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to an unrealized gain of $99 million and cash settlements of $6 million related to the Other Gas segment for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The unrealized gain represents changes in the fair value of all of the Company's existing commodity hedges on a mark-to-market basis. The unrealized gain on commodity derivative instruments is the result of the December 31, 2014 de-designation of all derivative positions as cash flow hedges. Changes in fair value were recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income prior to de-designation. 
    
  Purchased gas sales volumes represent volumes of gas sold at market prices that were purchased from third parties in order to fulfill contracts with certain customers. Purchased gas sales revenues were   $12   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $3   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The period-to-period   increase   in purchased gas sales revenue was primarily due to the increase in purchased gas sales volumes, offset, in part, by the decrease in average sales price.  

Miscellaneous other income was   $19   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  15   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Each component of miscellaneous other income is shown in the following table:  

Gathering revenue primarily relates to the release (sale) of unutilized firm transportation capacity when possible and when beneficial in order to minimize unutilized firm transportation expense. Gathering revenue   increased   by   $2   million in the period-to-period comparison, due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Equity in Earnings of Affiliates - CONE   increased     $2   million due to an increase in earnings from CONE Midstream Partners, LP. and CONE Gathering, LLC. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
                
    Right of Way Sales totaled   $1   million in the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . No material sales occurred in the current period. 
                
    The remaining   $1   million   increase   relates to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
       
  Gain on sale of assets was $  15   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  1   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  14   million   increase   was primarily due to various land asset sales in the current period. No material asset sales occurred in the prior period. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative costs are allocated to the total E P segment based on percentage of total revenue and percentage of total projected capital expenditures. Costs were   $26   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared  

54 

to   $24   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Refer to the discussion of total company selling, general and administrative costs contained in the section "Net Income attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders"     of this quarterly report for a detailed cost explanation.  
    
  Purchased gas volumes represent volumes of gas purchased from third parties that CONSOL Energy sells. The higher average cost per thousand cubic feet is due to overall price changes, differing markets and contractual differences among customers in the period-to-period comparison. Purchased gas costs were   $12   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   $2   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 

Exploration and other costs were nominal for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $3   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $3   million   decrease   is due to the following items:  

Lease expiration costs   decrease  d by   $2   million in the period-to-period comparison, primarily due to a decreased number of leases expiring in the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 
                
    Land rental costs   decrease  d by   $1   million in the period-to-period comparison due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material.  
     Other corporate expenses were   $22   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  21   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $1   million   increase   in the period-to-period comparison was made up of the following items: 

Unutilized firm transportation costs represent pipeline transportation capacity that the E P division has obtained to enable gas production to flow uninterrupted as sales volumes increase, as well as additional processing capacity for natural gas liquids. Unutilized firm transportation   increase  d   $2   million in the period-to-period comparison due to an increase in overall capacity. The Company attempts to minimize this expense by releasing (selling) unutilized firm transportation capacity to other parties when possible and when beneficial. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 the Company recognized approximately $2 million and $1 million, respectively, of revenue in connection with such releases. This revenue is included in Miscellaneous other income section (Gathering Revenue) of the Other Gas Segment.  
                
    Idle rig fees are fees related to the temporary idling of some of the Company's natural gas rigs. The total idle rig expense incurred by the Company has increased by   $1   million for the current quarter as compared to the prior year quarter.  
                
    Severance expense was a result of the Company reorganization that occurred in the third quarter of 2015.  
                
    Other   increase  d   $1   million due to a 401(k) discretionary contribution in the current period, as well as various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 

55 

Interest expense related to the E P division remained consistent at   $1   million for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . Interest expense was incurred by the Other Gas segment on interest allocated to the E P segment under CONSOL Energy's credit facility. 

TOTAL PA MINING OPERATIONS DIVISION ANALYSIS for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  : 
  The PA Mining Operations division principal activities consist of mining, preparation and marketing of thermal coal to power generators. The division also includes selling, general and administrative costs, as well as various other activities assigned to the PA Mining Operations division but not allocated to each individual mine and, therefore, not included in the unit cost presentation.  
    
  The PA Mining Operations division had earnings before income tax of   $35 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to earnings before income tax of   $132 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Variances are discussed below. 

The PA Mining Operations coal revenue and cost components on a per unit basis for these periods are as follows: 

56 

Coal Sales 
  PA Mining Operations produced coal sales were   $268 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $323 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $55 million     decrease   was attributable to a   $12.69   per ton   lower   average sales price, offset by a   0.3   million   increase   in tons sold. The   lower   average coal sales price per ton sold in the 2016 period was primarily the result of the overall decline in both the domestic and global thermal coal markets. The average realized price per ton   decreased   by   22.3%   compared to the prior year period, as some of the higher priced coal contracts rolled off and were replaced by lower priced sales. 
  Freight Revenue and Freight Expense 
  Freight revenue is the amount billed to customers for transportation costs incurred. This revenue is based on the weight of coal shipped, negotiated freight rates and method of transportation, primarily rail, used by the customers to which the Company contractually provides transportation services. Freight revenue is completely offset in freight expense. Freight revenue and freight expense were both   $9 million   for the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $2 million   in the   three months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $7 million     increase   was due to increased shipments where transportation services were contractually provided.  
    
  Cost of Coal Sold 
  Cost of coal sold is comprised of operating costs related to produced tons sold, along with changes in both the volumes and carrying values of coal inventory. The cost of coal sold per ton includes items such as direct operating costs, royalty and production taxes, employee related expenses and depreciation, depletion, and amortization costs. Total cost of coal sold for PA Mining Operations was   $216 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   $12 million     lower   than the   $228 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Total costs per PA Mining Operations ton sold were   $35.79   per ton for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $40.26   per ton for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in the cost of coal sold was driven by a reduction in staffing levels and a realignment of employee benefits. Productivity, as measured by tons per employee-hour, also improved by 2% in the period-to-period comparison, despite the fact that adverse geological conditions were encountered during the current period. 
    
  Other Costs and Expenses 
    
  Other costs include items that are assigned to the PA Mining Operations division but are not included in unit costs, such as OPEB plan changes and purchased coal costs. Other costs   increase  d   $56 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   was primarily due to income of   $53 million   related to OPEB plan changes made in May 2015 for retired employees. Refer to the discussion of total Company long-term liabilities contained in the section "Net Income Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders" of this quarterly report for more information. No such transactions occurred in the current period. 
  Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization   decreased     $1 million  , primarily a result of fewer assets placed in service in the period-to-period comparison. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative Costs 
  Upon execution of the CNXC IPO, CNXC entered into a service agreement with CONSOL Energy to provide certain selling, general and administrative services. These services are paid monthly based on an agreed upon fixed fee that is reset at least annually. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. The amount of selling, general and administrative costs related to PA Mining Operations was   $8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Refer to the discussion of total Company selling, general and administrative costs contained in the section "Net Income Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders"     of this quarterly report for a detailed cost explanation.  
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, of   $2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is primarily comprised of interest on the CNXC revolving credit facility that was drawn upon after the CNXC IPO on July 7, 2015.  

57 

OTHER DIVISION ANALYSIS for the three months ended     September 30, 2016     compared to the three months ended     September 30, 2015  : 
    
  The Other division includes expenses from various corporate and diversified business activities that are not allocated to the E P or PA Mining Operations divisions. The diversified business activities include coal terminal operations, closed and idle mine activities, water operations, selling, general and administrative activities, as well as various other non-operated activities.  
    
  The Other division had a loss before income tax of   $81 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to earnings before income tax of   $13 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The Other division also includes total Company income tax expense related to continuing operations of $  53 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to income tax expense of $  66 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 

Other Outside Sales  
  Other outside sales primarily consists of sales from the Company's coal terminal operations. Coal terminal operations sales were   $5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
    
    Miscellaneous Other Income 
    
  Miscellaneous other income was   $11 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $21 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The change is due to the following items:  

Royalty Income related to non-operated coal properties   decrease  d   $3 million   in the period-to period comparison primarily due to the overall decrease in domestic coal pricing.  
                
    Right of Way Sales   decrease  d   $3 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material.  

58 

Equity in Earnings of Affiliates   decrease  d   $2 million   due to the sale of the Company's 49% interest in Western Allegheny Energy in September 2015. See Note 3 - Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional details.  
                
    Other Income   decreased     $2 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
       
  Gain on Sale of Assets 
  Gain on sale of assets   decrease  d   $47 million   in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to the sale of the Company's 49% interest in Western Allegheny Energy during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . See Note 3 - Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional details. 
  Miscellaneous Operating Expense 
    
  Miscellaneous operating expense related to the Other division was   $40   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to income of   $3   million for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Miscellaneous operating expense increased in the period-to-period comparison due to the following items:  

Income of   $48 million   related to OPEB plan changes was the result of modifications made to the OPEB plan in May 2015 for retired employees. Refer to the discussion of total Company long-term liabilities contained in the section "Net Income Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders" of this quarterly report for more information. No such transactions occurred in the current period. 
                
    Pension settlement expense is required when lump sum distributions made for a given plan year exceed the total of the service and interest costs for that same plan year. Settlement accounting was triggered in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily as a result of the sale of the Buchanan Mine in the first quarter of 2016 and the sale of the Fola and Miller Creek mining complexes in the third quarter of 2016. See Note 5 - Components of Pension and OPEB Plans Net Periodic Benefit Costs in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional detail.  
                
    Bank Fees increased   $1 million   in the period-to-period comparison due to various items that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Lease Rental Expense   increased     $1 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Coal Terminal Operations costs   increased     $1 million   primarily due to an increase in supply costs.  
                
    UMWA OPEB Expense   decreased     $1 million   primarily due to a decrease in interest costs. 
                
    Severance Payments were   $4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   related to the company reorganization that occurred in the prior year period. No such transactions occurred in the current period.  
                
    Actuarially-calculated amortization decreased   $4   million in the period-to-period comparison due to modifications made to the pension plan in May 2015. See Note 16 - Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Plans in the Notes to the Audited Financial Statements in our December 31, 2015 Form 10-K for additional information. 

59 

Selling, General and Administrative Costs 
  Selling, general and administrative costs allocated to the Other division   decrease  d   $1 million   in the period-to-period comparison. Refer to the discussion of total Company selling, general and administrative costs contained in the section "Net Income Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders"     of this quarterly report for a detailed cost explanation.  
    
  Deprecation, Depletion and Amortization 
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization   decrease  d   $3 million  , primarily related to a reduction of the asset retirement obligations at various closed and idled mine locations during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense of   $44 million   was recognized in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $46 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   of   $2 million   in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to a decrease in the average outstanding balance on the Company's revolving credit facility. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  The effective income tax rate for continuing operations when excluding noncontrolling interest was   46.7%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   34.9%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The effective rates for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were calculated using the annual effective rate projections on recurring earnings and include tax liabilities related to certain discrete transactions. See Note 7 - Income Taxes of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 

60 

Results of Operations -   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared with   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015    
   
  Net Loss Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders 
  CONSOL Energy reported a net loss attributable to CONSOL Energy shareholders of   $542   million, or a dilutive loss per share of $  2.36  , for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a net loss attributable to CONSOL Energy shareholders of   $405   million, or a dilutive loss per share of $  1.77  , for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  .  

CONSOL Energy consists of two principal business divisions: Exploration and Production (E P) and Pennsylvania (PA) Mining Operations. The total E P division includes four segments: Marcellus, Utica, Coalbed Methane (CBM), and Other Gas.  
    
   The total E P division contributed a loss before income tax of $  156   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a loss before income tax of   $765   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  The following table presents a breakout of net liquid and natural gas sales information to assist in the understanding of the Company s natural gas production and sales portfolio. 

61 

Total E P sales volumes, average sales price (including the effects of derivative instruments), and average costs for all active E P operations were as follows:  

Total E P division Natural Gas, NGLs, and Oil sales were $  555   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $  542   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily due to the   25.7%   increase in total volumes sold, offset in part, by the   8.5%   decrease in average sales price per Mcfe. The decrease in average sales price was the result of the overall decrease in general market prices. The decrease was offset, in part, by an increase in the gain on commodity derivative instruments related to the Company's hedging program and increase in natural gas liquids pricing. The increase in the gain on commodity derivative instruments was primarily due to an increase in the percent of volumes hedged and lower market prices. 
    
  Changes in the average costs per Mcfe were primarily related to the following items: 
             
    The improvement in unit costs is primarily due to the continuing shift towards lower cost Marcellus and Utica Shale production, ongoing cost reduction efforts and the   25.7%   increase in total volumes sold in the period-to-period comparison.     Marcellus production made up   53.2%   of natural gas and liquid sales volumes for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   52.6%   for the   nine months   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Utica production made up   23.4%   of natural gas and liquid sales volumes for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   15.2%   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 
                
    Lease operating expense decreased on a per unit basis in the period-to-period comparison due to a decrease in well tending costs, employee related costs and repairs and maintenance costs. The decrease in unit costs is also due to the overall increase in E P sales volumes. The decrease in unit costs was partially offset by an increase in salt water disposal costs.  
                
    Transportation, gathering and compression expense decreased on a per unit basis in the period-to-period comparison due to the overall increase in E P sales volumes and the shift towards dry Utica Shale production which has lower gathering costs since there are no associated processing fees. The decrease in unit costs was partially offset by an increase in total dollars related to an increase in utilized firm transportation costs, increased processing fees associated with NGLs, and an increase in CONE gathering expense directly related to the increase in Marcellus production. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
                
    Depreciation, depletion and amortization decreased on a per unit basis primarily due to the adjustment to the Company's shallow oil and gas rates following the impairment in carrying value that was recognized in the second quarter of 2015 (See Note 10 - Property, Plant, And Equipment, in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-Q for more information), as well as the increase in E P sales volumes from the Company's lower cost Marcellus and Utica production. The decrease was offset, in part, by an overall increase in rates due to the reduction in the 2015 year-end reserves. 
       
   The PA Mining Operations division had earnings before income tax of   $80 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to earnings before income tax of   $292 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  Sales tons, average sales price and average cost of goods sold per ton for the PA Mining Operations division were as follows: 

62 

The lower average sales price per ton sold in the 2016 period was primarily the result of the overall decline in both the domestic and global thermal coal markets. The PA Mining Operations division priced   4.1   million tons on the export market for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   4.0   million tons for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . All other tons were sold on the domestic market.   
    
  Changes in the average cost of goods sold per ton was primarily driven by the idling of one longwall at the PA Mining Operations complex for approximately 90 days, a reduction of staffing levels and a realignment of employee benefits in the current year. All of the above steps resulted in more consistent operating schedules, reduced labor costs and improved productivity. 
  The Other division includes other business activities not assigned to the E P or PA Mining Operations divisions, as well as income taxes. The Other division had a net loss of   $139 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to net income of   $77 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  .   
  Selling, general and administrative (SG A) costs are allocated to the PA Mining Operations division based upon a shared service agreement that CONSOL Energy entered into with CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) upon execution of the CNXC initial public offering (IPO). The shared service agreement calls for CONSOL Energy to provide certain selling, general and administrative services that are paid for monthly, based on an agreed upon fixed fee, that is reset at least annually. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. The remaining SG A costs are allocated between the E P and Other divisions based primarily on a percentage of total revenue and a percentage of total projected capital expenditures. 
    
   SG A costs are excluded from the E P and PA Mining Operations unit costs above. SG A costs were   $104 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $125 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . SG A costs   decreased   due to the following items: 

The   decrease   in Short-Term Incentive Compensation was a result of lower payouts in the current period. 
                
    Employee Wages and Related Expenses   decreased     $9 million   primarily due to the Company reorganization that occurred in the second half of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. 
                
    Advertising and Promotion expense   decreased     $1 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Stock-based compensation   increased     $4 million   in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to additional non-cash amortization expense and accelerated non-cash amortization recorded in the current period for employees who received awards under the Performance Share Unit (PSU) program.   
                
    Other   increased     $6 million   in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to a 401(k) discretionary contribution in the current period. 

63 

Total Company long-term liabilities, such as OPEB, the salary retirement plan, workers' compensation, Coal Workers' Pneumoconiosis (CWP), and long-term disability are actuarially calculated for the Company as a whole. In general, the expenses are then allocated to the segments based upon criteria specific to each liability. Total CONSOL Energy continuing operations expense related to actuarial liabilities was $  57 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to income of $  83 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase of   $140 million   is primarily due to modifications made to the OPEB and Pension plans in May 2015. See Note 16 - Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Plans and Note 17 - Coal Workers' Pneumoconiosis (CWP) and Workers' Compensation in the Notes to the Audited Financial Statements in our December 31, 2015 Form 10-K and Note 5 - Components of Pension and OPEB Plans Net Periodic Benefit Costs in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional details. 

64 

TOTAL E P DIVISION ANALYSIS for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  : 
  The E P division had a loss before income tax of $  156   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a loss before income tax of $  765   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Variances by individual E P segment are discussed below. 

65 

MARCELLUS GAS SEGMENT 
  The Marcellus segment had earnings before income tax of $  43   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to earnings before income tax of $  32   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 

* NGLs and Condensate are converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of oil, NGLs, condensate, and natural gas prices. 
    
  The Marcellus segment had natural gas, NGLs and oil sales of $  287   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  283   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  4   million   increase   was primarily due to a   27.2%     increase   in total Marcellus sales volumes, partially offset by a   19.0%     decrease   in the average gas sales price in the period-to-period comparison. The increased volumes were primarily due to additional wells coming on-line in the current period. 
    
  The   decrease   in Marcellus total average sales price was primarily the result of the $  0.42   per Mcf   decrease   in gas market prices, along with a $0.05 per Mcfe decrease in the uplift from NGLs and condensate sales volumes, when excluding the impact of hedging. These decreases were offset, in part, by a $  0.37   per Mcf   increase   in the gain on commodity derivative instruments resulting from the Company's hedging program. The increase in the gain was due to an increase in volumes hedged and lower market prices. These financial hedges represented approximately 120.5 Bcf of our produced Marcellus sales volumes for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   at an average gain of $1.00 per Mcf. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , these financial hedges represented approximately 54.2 Bcf at an average gain of $0.99 per Mcf.  
    
  Total costs for the Marcellus segment were $  365   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  306   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in total dollars and   decrease   in unit costs for the Marcellus segment are due to the following items:  
    
     Marcellus lease operating expenses were $  27   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  33   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in total dollars was primarily due to lower employee related costs, well tending costs and repairs and maintenance expense in the current period. The decrease in employee related costs was primarily the result of the company reorganization that occurred in the second half of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. The   decrease   in unit costs was primarily due to the   27.2%     increase   in total Marcellus sales volumes, along with the decreased total dollars described above. The decreases were offset, in part, by an increase in salt water disposal costs in the period-to-period comparison.  

66 

Marcellus production, ad valorem, and other fees were $  13   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $14   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in total dollars was primarily due to the   decrease   in average gas sales price, offset, in part, by the   increase   in total Marcellus sales volumes.  
    
     Marcellus transportation, gathering and compression costs were $  171   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  142   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in total dollars primarily relates to an increase in CONE gathering fees due to the   28.1%   increase in Marcellus gas sales volumes (See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information), an increase in processing fees associated with NGLs primarily due to the   31.7%   increase in NGLs sales volumes, and an increase in utilized firm transportation expense. The   decrease   in unit costs was due to the   increase   in total Marcellus sales volumes, offset, in part, by the   increase   in total dollars.  
    
     Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the Marcellus segment were $  154   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  117   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . These amounts included depreciation on a unit of production basis of $0.97 per Mcf and $0.93 per Mcf, respectively. The increase in unit costs in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to the decrease in the year-end 2015 Marcellus reserves. The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to gas well closing.  

UTICA GAS SEGMENT 
    
  The Utica segment had earnings before income tax of $  18   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a loss before income tax of $  21   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  .   

*NGLs and Condensate are converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of oil, NGLs, condensate, and natural gas prices. 
    
  The Utica segment had natural gas, NGLs and oil sales of $  115   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  57   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  58   million   increase   was primarily due to the   93.2%     increase   in total Utica volumes sold, partially offset by the   9.1%     decrease   in average gas sales price. The   33.1   Bcfe   increase   in total Utica sales volumes was due to additional wells coming on-line, primarily in dry Utica areas, in the current period.  

67 

The   increase   in Utica total average sales price was primarily due to the $  0.42   per Mcf   increase   in the gain on commodity derivative instruments in the current period, offset, in part, by the   $0.14   per Mcf   decrease   in average gas sales price. Financial hedges represented approximately 24.6 Bcf of our produced Utica sales volumes for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   at an average gain of $1.00 per Mcf. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , these financial hedges represented approximately 1.4 Bcf at an average gain of $0.66 per Mcf.  
    
  Total costs for the Utica segment were $  122   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  79   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in total dollars and   decrease   in unit costs for the Utica segment are due to the following items: 
    
     Utica lease operating expenses were $  17   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in unit costs was primarily due to the   93.2%     increase   in total Utica sales volumes. 
    
     Utica production, ad valorem, and other fees were $  4   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $1   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in total dollars was primarily due to the   93.2%     increase   in total Utica sales volumes. The increase in unit costs was also due to a credit received from a joint venture partner in the 2015 period, related to an over-billing of ad valorem taxes. 
    
     Utica transportation, gathering and compression costs were $  37   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  23   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  14   million   increase   in total dollars was primarily related to an increase in processing fees associated with NGLs as well as increased gathering and processing fees associated with the overall   increase   in Utica sales volumes. The   decrease   in unit costs was due to the   increase   in Utica sales volumes, predominantly dry Utica, which was offset, in part, by the   increase   in total dollars. 
    
     Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the Utica segment were $  64   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  38   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . These amounts included depreciation on a unit of production basis of $0.93 per Mcf and $1.05 per Mcf, respectively. The decrease in unit costs in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to an increase in Utica reserves. The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to gas well closing. 

COALBED METHANE (CBM) GAS SEGMENT 
  The CBM segment had earnings before income tax of $  25   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to earnings before income tax of $  44   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 

The CBM segment had natural gas sales of $  123   million in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  158   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  35   million   decrease   was primarily due to a   15.3%     decrease   in the average gas sales price, as well as a   8.2%     decrease   in total CBM volumes sold. The   decrease   in CBM volumes sold was primarily due to normal well declines and less drilling activity.  

68 

The CBM total average sales price   decrease  d $  0.41   per Mcf due primarily to a $  0.43   per Mcf   decrease   in gas market prices. The   decrease   was offset, in part, by a $  0.02   per Mcf   increase   in the gain on commodity derivative instruments resulting from the Company's hedging program. The increase in the gain was due to an increase in the volumes hedged and lower market prices. These financial hedges represented approximately 42.3 Bcf of our produced CBM sales volumes for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   at an average gain of $1.04 per Mcf. For the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , these financial hedges represented approximately 40.9 Bcf at an average gain of $1.14 per Mcf.   
    
  Total costs for the CBM segment were $  142   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  161   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in total dollars and   decrease   in unit costs for the CBM segment were due to the following items: 
    
     CBM lease operating expenses were $  18   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  27   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in total dollars was primarily related to a decrease in contractual services related to well tending, a decrease in repairs and maintenance expense, a decrease in employee related costs and a decrease in salt water disposal costs. The   decrease   in unit costs was primarily due to the   decrease   in total dollars, partially offset by the   decrease   in CBM sales volumes. 
    
     CBM production, ad valorem, and other fees were $  4   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $6   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $2   million   decrease   was primarily caused by the   decrease   in average sales price, as well as the   decrease   in total CBM sales volumes. Unit costs were positively impacted by the   decrease   in average sales price which was offset, in part, by the   decrease   in CBM sales volumes.  
    
     CBM transportation, gathering and compression costs were $  54   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  64   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   of $  10   million was primarily related to a decrease in repairs and maintenance, a decrease in power and utilized firm transportation expense resulting from the   decrease   in CBM sales volumes. Unit costs were also positively impacted by the   decrease   in total dollars which was offset, in part, by the   decrease   in CBM sales volumes.  
    
     Depreciation, depletion and amortization costs attributable to the CBM segment were $  66   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  64   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . These amounts included depreciation on a unit of production basis of $0.82 per Mcf and $0.73 per Mcf, respectively. The increase in unit costs in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to the decrease in the year-end 2015 CBM reserves. The remaining depreciation, depletion and amortization costs were either recorded on a straight-line basis or related to gas well closing.  

69 

OTHER GAS SEGMENT 
    
  The Other Gas segment had a loss before income tax of $  242   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a loss before income tax of $  820   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 

*Oil is converted to Mcfe at the rate of one barrel equals six Mcf based upon the approximate relative energy content of oil and natural gas, which is not indicative of the relationship of oil and natural gas prices. 
    
  The Other Gas segment includes activity not assigned to the Marcellus, Utica, or CBM segments. This segment also includes purchased gas activity, unrealized gain or loss on commodity derivative instruments, exploration and production related other costs, other corporate expenses and miscellaneous operational activity not assigned to a specific E P segment. 
    
  Other Gas sales volumes are primarily related to shallow oil and gas production, as well as the Chattanooga shale in Tennessee. Natural gas, NGLs and oil sales related to the Other Gas segment were $  30   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  44   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   in natural gas, NGLs and oil sales primarily related to the $  0.57   per Mcfe   decrease   in total average sales price. Total costs related to these other sales were $  60   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  93   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in depreciation, depletion and amortization costs related to the adjustment to our shallow oil and gas rates after an impairment in the carrying value was recognized in the second quarter of 2015. 
    
  There was an unrealized loss on commodity derivative instruments of $149 million offset, in part, by cash settlements of $13 million related to the Other Gas segment for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to an unrealized gain of $134 million and cash settlements of $14 million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The unrealized loss/gain represents changes in the fair value of all of the Company's existing commodity hedges on a mark-to-market basis. The unrealized loss/gain on commodity derivative instruments is the result of the December 31, 2014 de-designation of all derivative positions as cash flow hedges. Changes in fair value were recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income prior to de-designation. 
    
  Purchased gas sales volumes represent volumes of gas sold at market prices that were purchased from third parties in order to fulfill contracts with certain customers. Purchased gas sales revenues were $  29   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  8   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The period-to-period   increase   in purchased gas sales revenue was due to the   increase   in purchased gas sales volumes, offset, in part, by the   decrease   in average sales price.  

70 

Miscellaneous other income was $  61   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  45   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  16   million   increase   was primarily due to the following items:  

Right of Way Sales increased $  9   million in the period-to-period comparison due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material.  
                
    Equity in Earnings of Affiliates - CONE   increased   $  8   million due to an increase in earnings from CONE Midstream Partners, LP. and CONE Gathering, LLC. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
                
    Gathering revenue primarily relates to the release (sale) of unutilized firm transportation capacity when possible and when beneficial in order to minimize unutilized firm transportation expense. Gathering revenue   increased   by $  1   million in the period-to-period comparison, due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material.      
                
    Other   decrease  d $  2   million due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material.  
       
  Gain on sale of assets was $  10   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  3   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  7   million   increase   was due to various land asset sales in the current period. No material asset sales occurred in the prior period. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative costs are allocated to the total E P segment based on percentage of total revenue and percentage of total projected capital expenditures. Costs were $  74   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  80   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Refer to the discussion of total company selling, general and administrative costs contained in the section "Net Loss attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders"     of this quarterly report for a detailed cost explanation.  
    
  Purchased gas volumes represent volumes of gas purchased from third parties that CONSOL Energy sells. The lower average cost per thousand cubic feet is due to overall price changes, differing markets and contractual differences among customers in the period-to-period comparison. Purchased gas costs were $  29   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and $  6   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 

Exploration and other costs were   $5   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $8   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $3   million   decrease   is due to the following items:  

71 

Lease expiration costs   decrease  d by   $3   million in the period-to-period comparison, primarily due to a decreased number of leases expiring in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . 
                
    Land rental costs   decrease  d by   $1   million in the period-to-period comparison due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material.  
                
    The remaining   $1   million   increase   relates to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
     Other corporate expenses were $  66   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  876   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The $  810   million   decrease   in the period-to-period comparison was made up of the following items: 

Impairment of Exploration and Production properties primarily related to the write down of the Company's shallow oil and gas asset values in June 2015. See Note 10 - Property, Plant, And Equipment, in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this form 10-Q for more information. No such impairment was recorded in the current period. 
                
    Severance expense decreased   $4   million in period-to-period comparison primarily due to the Company reorganization that occurred in the third quarter of 2015. Amounts recorded in current period are in connection with the Company's ongoing cost reduction efforts. 
                
    Unutilized firm transportation costs represent pipeline transportation capacity that the E P division has obtained to enable gas production to flow uninterrupted as sales volumes increase, as well as additional processing capacity for natural gas liquids. Unutilized firm transportation   decrease  d $  1   million in the period-to-period comparison due to an increase in the utilization of the capacity. The Company attempts to minimize this expense by releasing (selling) unutilized firm transportation capacity to other parties when possible and when beneficial. During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 the Company recognized approximately $7 million and $6 million, respectively, of revenue in connection with such releases. This revenue is included in miscellaneous other income (Gathering Revenue) of the Other Gas Segment.  
                
    Litigation expense increased $  1   million in the period-to-period comparison due to various items throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Idle rig fees are fees related to the temporary idling of some of the Company's natural gas rigs. The total idle rig expense incurred by the Company has   increase  d by   $16   million for the current period as compared to the prior period.  
                
    Other expenses   increase  d   $7   million in the period-to-period comparison due to a 401(k) discretionary contribution in the current period, as well as various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
       
  Interest expense related to the E P division was $  2   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $  5   million for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Interest expense was incurred by the Other Gas segment on interest allocated to the E P segment under CONSOL Energy's credit facility. 

72 

TOTAL PA MINING OPERATIONS DIVISION ANALYSIS for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  : 
  The PA Mining Operations division principal activities consist of mining, preparation and marketing of thermal coal to power generators. The division also includes selling, general and administrative costs, as well as various other activities assigned to the PA Mining Operations division but not allocated to each individual mine and, therefore, not included in the unit cost presentation.  
    
  The PA Mining Operations division had earnings before income tax of   $80 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to earnings before income tax of   $292 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Variances are discussed below. 

The PA Mining Operations coal revenue and cost components on a per unit basis for these periods are as follows: 

Coal Sales 
  PA Mining Operations produced coal sales were   $744 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1,027 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $283 million     decrease   was attributable to a   0.4 million     decrease   in tons sold and a   $14.81   per ton   lower   average sales price. The   lower   sales volumes and average coal sales price per ton sold in the 2016 period were primarily the result of the overall decline in both the domestic and global thermal coal markets. While the  

73 

overall trend of customer deferrals peaked in May 2016, the Company's marketing team continues to work with a few customers who are facing inventory challenges.  
  Freight Revenue and Freight Expense 
  Freight revenue is the amount billed to customers for transportation costs incurred. This revenue is based on the weight of coal shipped, negotiated freight rates and method of transportation, primarily rail, used by the customers to which the Company contractually provides transportation services. Freight revenue is completely offset in freight expense. Freight revenue and freight expense were both   $34 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $10 million   in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $24 million     increase   was due to increased shipments where transportation services were contractually provided.  
    
  Miscellaneous Other Income 
  Miscellaneous other income   increased     $7 million   in the period-to-period comparison, primarily a result of a partial coal contract buyout in the amount of   $6 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . No such transactions occurred in the previous period.  
  Cost of Coal Sold 
  Cost of coal sold is comprised of operating costs related to produced tons sold, along with changes in both the volumes and carrying values of coal inventory. The cost of coal sold per ton includes items such as direct operating costs, royalty and production taxes, employee related expenses and depreciation, depletion, and amortization costs. Total cost of coal sold for the PA Mining Operations Division was   $603 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , or   $155 million     lower   than the   $758 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Total costs per PA Mining Operations ton sold were   $34.53   per ton for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $42.35   per ton for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease in the cost of coal sold was driven by the idling of one longwall at the PA Mining Operations complex for approximately 90 days, reduction of staffing levels and a realignment of employee benefits. All of the above steps resulted in more consistent operating schedules, reduced labor costs and improved productivity. Productivity for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , as measured by tons per employee-hour, improved by 12% when compared to the year-earlier period, despite the temporary idling of one longwall  in the current period. 
  Other Costs and Expenses 
  Other costs include items that are assigned to the PA Mining Operations division but not included in unit costs. Other costs   increased     $97 million   in the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . This increase was due to the following: 

Income of   $79 million   related to OPEB plan changes was the result of modifications made to the OPEB plan in May 2015 for retired employees. Refer to the discussion of total Company long-term liabilities contained in the section "Net Loss Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders" of this quarterly report for more information. No such transactions occurred in the current period.  
                
    Idle Mine Costs   increased     $13 million  , due to the temporary idling of one longwall at the PA Mining Operations complex for approximately 90 days in the first half of 2016 to optimize operating schedules. 

74 

Approximately   $3 million   of costs were incurred during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   related to the proposed consent decree with respect to the Bailey mine complex. See Note 13 - Commitments and Contingent Liabilities of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
                
    Purchased Coal Costs   increased     $3 million   due to higher volumes of coal that needed to be purchased to fulfill various contracts. 
                
    Severance expense of $  1 million   was incurred during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   in connection with the Company's ongoing cost reduction efforts. No such transactions occurred in the prior period.  
                
    Accelerated amortization of financing charges totaling   $7 million   related to a backstop loan were incurred in the 2015 period. 
                
    Other   increased     $5 million   in the period-to-period comparison due to a 401(k) discretionary contribution in the current period, as well as various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
       
  Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization   increased     $3 million  , primarily a result of additional assets placed in service in the period-to-period comparison. 
  Selling, General and Administrative Costs 
  Upon execution of the CNXC IPO, CNXC entered into a service agreement with CONSOL Energy to provide certain selling, general and administrative services. These services are paid monthly based on an agreed upon fixed fee that is reset at least annually. See Note 18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. The amount of selling, general and administrative costs related to PA Mining Operations was   $20 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $34 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . Refer to the discussion of total Company selling, general and administrative costs contained in the section "Net Loss Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders"     of this quarterly report for a detailed cost explanation.  
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, of   $7 million   and   $2 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, is primarily comprised of interest on the CNXC revolving credit facility that was drawn upon after the CNXC IPO on July 7, 2015.  

75 

OTHER DIVISION ANALYSIS for the     nine     months ended     September 30, 2016     compared to the     nine     months ended     September 30, 2015  : 
    
  The Other division includes expenses from various corporate and diversified business activities that are not allocated to the E P or PA Mining Operations divisions. The diversified business activities include coal terminal operations, closed and idle mine activities, water operations, selling, general and administrative activities, as well as various other non-operated activities.  
    
  The Other division had a loss before income tax of   $211   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a loss before income tax of   $174   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The Other division also includes a total Company income tax benefit related to continuing operations of   $72   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to an income tax benefit of   $251   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 

Other Outside Sales  
  Other outside sales primarily consists of sales from the Company's coal terminal operations. Coal terminal operations sales were   $21 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $25 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The   $4 million     decrease   in the period-to-period comparison was primarily due to a   decrease   in throughput volumes and rates in the current period. 
    
  Miscellaneous Other Income 
  Miscellaneous other income was   $43 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $63 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . The change is due to the following items:  

76 

Royalty Income related to non-operated coal properties   decreased     $6 million   primarily due to the overall decrease in domestic coal pricing. 
                
    Equity in Earnings of Affiliates   decreased     $6 million   due to the sale of the Company's 49% interest in Western Allegheny Energy in September 2015. See Note 3 - Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional details. 
                
    Right of Way sales   decreased     $2 million   in the period-to-period comparison due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Purchased Coal Sales   decreased     $2 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material 
                
    Rental Income   decreased     $1 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Interest Income   decreased     $1 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Other Income   decreased     $2 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
       
    Gain on Sale of Assets 
    
  Gain on sale of assets   decreased     $48 million   in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to the sale of the Company's 49% interest in Western Allegheny Energy during the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . See Note 3 - Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional details. 
    
  Miscellaneous Operating Expense 
    
  Miscellaneous operating expense related to the Other division was   $128 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $71 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Miscellaneous operating expense   increased   in the period-to-period comparison due to the following items: 

Actuarially-calculated amortization decreased   $19 million   in the period-to-period comparison due to modifications made to the pension plan in May 2015. See Note 16 - Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Plans in the Notes to the Audited Financial Statements in our December 31, 2015 Form 10-K for additional information. 
                
    Severance payments   decreased     $5 million   in the period-to-period comparison, primarily related to the company reorganization that occurred in the prior year period. 
                
    Coal Terminal Operations   decreased     $3 million   due to   decreased   throughput volumes in the current period. 
                
    Coal Reserve Holding Costs   decreased     $2 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    UMWA OPEB Expense   decreased     $2 million   primarily due to a decrease in interest costs. 

77 

Closed and Idle Mines   decreased     $1 million   due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Selling, General and Administrative Costs   increased     $1 million   in the period-to-period comparison. Refer to the discussion of total Company selling, general and administrative costs contained in the section "Net Loss Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders" of this quarterly report for a detailed cost explanation. 
                
    Litigation expense   increased     $3 million   in the period-to-period comparison due to various items that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 
                
    Pension settlement expense is required when lump sum distributions made for a given plan year exceed the total of the service and interest costs for that same plan year. Settlement accounting was triggered in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily as a result of the sale of the Buchanan Mine in the first quarter of 2016 and the sale of the Fola and Miller Creek mining complexes in the third quarter of 2016. See Note 5 - Components of Pension and OPEB Plans Net Periodic Benefit Costs in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional detail.  
                
    Income of   $73 million   related to OPEB plan changes was the result of modifications made to the OPEB plan in May 2015 for retired employees. Refer to the discussion of total Company long-term liabilities contained in the section "Net Loss Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders" of this quarterly report for more information. No such transactions occurred in the current period. 
                
    Other   decreased     $2 million   in the period-to-period comparison due to various items that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material.  
       
  Selling, General and Administrative Costs 
  Selling, general and administrative costs allocated to the Other division were   $10 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Refer to the discussion of total Company selling, general and administrative costs contained in the section "Net Loss Attributable to CONSOL Energy Shareholders"     of this quarterly report for a detailed cost explanation.  
    
  Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization 
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization   decreased     $17 million  , primarily related to a reduction of the asset retirement obligations at various closed and idled mine locations during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Loss on Debt Extinguishment  
    
  Loss on Debt Extinguishment of   $68 million   was recognized in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   related to the early extinguishment of debt due to the partial purchase of the 8.25% senior notes that were due in 2020 at an average price equal to 104.6% of the principal amount and the partial purchase of the 6.375% senior notes that were due in 2021 at an average price equal to 105.0% of the principal amount. No such transactions occurred in the current period. 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense of   $136 million   was recognized in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $143 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The   decrease   of   $7 million   in the period-to-period comparison was due to the partial payoff of the 2020 and 2021 bonds in March and April 2015. Also contributing to the   decrease   was lower interest rates on the 2023 bonds issued in March 2015, as well as a decrease in the average outstanding balance on the Company's revolving credit facility. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  The effective income tax rate for continuing operations when excluding noncontrolling interest was   24.7%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   38.4%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The effective rates for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were calculated using the annual effective rate projections on recurring earnings and include tax liabilities related to certain discrete transactions. See Note 7 - Income Taxes of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 

78 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  CONSOL Energy generally has satisfied its working capital requirements and funded its capital expenditures and debt service obligations with cash generated from operations and proceeds from borrowings. On June 18, 2014, CONSOL Energy entered into a five year Credit Agreement for a $2.0 billion senior secured revolving credit facility. In April 2016, the Company's lending group reaffirmed the $2.0 billion borrowing base of the facility which expires on June 18, 2019. The facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of CONSOL Energy and certain of its subsidiaries. CONSOL Energy's credit facility allows for up to $2.0 billion of borrowings, which includes a $750 million letters of credit aggregate sub-limit. CONSOL Energy can request an additional $500 million increase in the aggregate borrowing limit amount. Fees and interest rate spreads are based on the percentage of facility utilization, measured quarterly. Availability under the facility is limited to a borrowing base, which is determined by the lenders syndication agent and approved by the required number of lenders in good faith by calculating a value of CONSOL Energy's proved gas reserves. The facility includes a minimum interest coverage ratio covenant of no less than 2.50 to 1.00, measured quarterly. The interest coverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to cash interest expense of CONSOL Energy and certain of its subsidiaries excluding CNXC. The interest coverage ratio was   3.99   to 1.00 at   September 30, 2016  . Adjusted EBITDA, as used in the covenant calculation, excludes non-cash compensation expenses, non-recurring transaction expenses, extraordinary gains and losses, gains and losses on discontinued operations, losses on debt extinguishment and includes cash distributions received from affiliates, plus pro-rata earnings from material acquisitions. The facility also includes a minimum current ratio covenant of no less than 1.00 to 1.00, measured quarterly. The minimum current ratio is calculated as the ratio of current assets, plus revolver availability, to current liabilities excluding borrowings under the revolver. This calculation also excludes all of CNXC's current assets, current liabilities and revolver availability. The current ratio was   2.73   to 1.00 at   September 30, 2016  . Affirmative and negative covenants in the facility limit the Company's ability to dispose of assets, make investments, purchase or redeem CONSOL Energy common stock, pay dividends, merge with another corporation and amend, modify or restate the senior unsecured notes. The credit facility allows unlimited investments in joint ventures for the development and operation of natural gas gathering systems. The facility permits CONSOL Energy to separate its natural gas and coal businesses if the leverage ratio (which, is essentially, the ratio of debt to EBITDA) of the natural gas business immediately after the separation would not be greater than 2.75 to 1.00. At   September 30, 2016  , the facility had $  354   million of borrowings outstanding and $  324   million of letters of credit outstanding, leaving $  1,322   million of unused capacity. From time to time, CONSOL Energy is required to post financial assurances to satisfy contractual and other requirements generated in the normal course of business. Some of these assurances are posted to comply with federal, state or other government agencies' statutes and regulations. CONSOL Energy sometimes uses letters of credit to satisfy these requirements and these letters of credit reduce the Company's borrowing facility capacity. 
  In April 2016, the facility was amended to require that the Company must: (i) prepay outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility to the extent that cash on hand exceeds $150 million for two consecutive business days; (ii) mortgage 85% of its proved reserves and 80% of its proved developed producing reserves, in each case, which are included in the borrowing base; (iii) maintain applicable deposit, securities and commodities accounts with the lenders or affiliates thereof; and (iv) enter into control agreements with respect to such applicable accounts. In addition, the Company pledged the equity interest it holds in CONE Gathering, LLC, and CONE Midstream Partners, LP as collateral to secure loans under the credit agreement.  
  CONSOL Energy terminated its accounts receivable securitization facility effective July 7, 2015. The outstanding borrowings were repaid, and the outstanding letters of credit were transferred against the revolving credit facility. 
    
  Uncertainty in the financial markets brings additional potential risks to CONSOL Energy. The risks include declines in the Company's stock price, less availability and higher costs of additional credit, potential counterparty defaults, and commercial bank failures. Financial market disruptions may impact the Company's collection of trade receivables. As a result, CONSOL Energy regularly monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties. CONSOL Energy believes that its current group of customers is financially sound and represent no abnormal business risk. 
    
  CONSOL Energy believes that cash generated from operations, asset sales and the Company's borrowing capacity will be sufficient to meet the Company's working capital requirements, anticipated capital expenditures (other than major acquisitions), scheduled debt payments, anticipated dividend payments and to provide required letters of credit. Nevertheless, the ability of  

79 

CONSOL Energy to satisfy its working capital requirements, to service its debt obligations, to fund planned capital expenditures, or to pay dividends will depend upon future operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions in the natural gas and coal industries and other financial and business factors, some of which are beyond CONSOL Energy s control. 
  In order to manage the market risk exposure of volatile natural gas prices in the future, CONSOL Energy enters into various physical natural gas supply transactions with both gas marketers and end users for terms varying in length. CONSOL Energy has also entered into various natural gas and NGL swap and option transactions, which exist parallel to the underlying physical transactions. The fair value of these contracts was a net asset of $  64   million at   September 30, 2016   and a net asset of $267 million at December 31, 2015. The Company has not experienced any issues of non-performance by derivative counterparties.  
  CONSOL Energy frequently evaluates potential acquisitions. CONSOL Energy has funded acquisitions with cash generated from operations and a variety of other sources, depending on the size of the transaction, including debt and equity financing. There can be no assurance that additional capital resources, including debt and equity financing, will be available to CONSOL Energy on terms which CONSOL Energy finds acceptable, or at all. 

Cash Flows (in millions) 

Cash provided by operating activities changed in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to the following items:  

Net loss increased $139 million in the period-to-period comparison. 
                
    Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities decreased primarily due to the $829 million impairment of exploration and production properties recorded in 2015. (See Note 10 - Property, Plant, And Equipment, in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-Q for more information). This adjustment was offset, in part, by a net change in discontinued operations of $323 million (See Note 2 - Discontinued Operations in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-Q for more information), an increase in the loss on commodity derivative instruments of $197 million and an increase of $201 million related to changes in deferred taxes. 
                
    Other changes in operating assets, operating liabilities, other assets and other liabilities which occurred throughout both periods also contributed to the decrease in operating cash flows.  
       
  Cash provided by investing activities changed in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to the following items: 

Capital expenditures decreased $685 million in the period-to-period comparison due to the following: 

E P division capital expenditures decreased $614 million due to decreased expenditures in both the Marcellus and Utica plays resulting from decreased drilling activity, as well as, other various transactions that occurred throughout both periods none of which were individually material. 
                
    PA Mining Operations division capital expenditures decreased $65 million primarily due to a $31 million decrease in equipment purchases and rebuilds, a $20 million decrease in preparation plant expenditures including water treatment systems and various other items that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material.  
                
    Other capital expenditures decreased $6 million due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods, none of which were individually material. 

Proceeds from the sale of assets decreased $44 million primarily due to the $76 million received in September 2015 related to the sale of CONSOL Energy's interest in its Western Allegheny Energy joint venture. See Note 3 - Acquisitions and Dispositions in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional details. The decrease was offset in part by various land and equipment asset sales that occurred throughout both periods none of which were individually material. 
                
    Net investment in equity affiliates changed $65 million in the period-to-period comparion primarily due to the sale of the Company's 49% interest in Western Allegheny Energy in September 2015, as discussed above. The remaining change was due to changes in the investment in CONE Midstream Partners, LP and CONE Gathering LLC (See Note  

80 

18 - Related Party Transactions of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information). 
             
    Discontinued Operations increased $397 million primarily as a result of the sale of the Buchanan Mine and certain other metallurgical coal reserves and the sale of the Miller Creek and Fola mining complexes in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . (See Note 2 - Discontinued Operations of the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information). 
       
  Cash used in financing activities changed in the period-to-period comparison primarily due to the following items: 

In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , CONSOL Energy made payments on the senior secured credit facility of $598 million compared to proceeds from the senior secured credit facility of $945 million in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
                
    In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , CONSOL Energy made net payments of $771 million related to the partial extinguishment of the 2020 and 2021 bonds offset, in part, by the issuance of the 2023 bonds. No such transactions occurred in the 2016 period. (See Note 12 - Long-Term Debt in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q for additional details). 
                
    In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , CONSOL Energy repurchased $72 million of its common stock on the open market under the previously announced share repurchase program. No repurchases were made in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
                
    The remaining changes are due to various transactions that occurred throughout both periods. 

The following is a summary of our significant contractual obligations at   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

_________________________ 
           (a) 
    Employee related long-term liabilities include other post-employment benefits, work-related injuries and illnesses.  Estimated salaried retirement contributions required to meet minimum funding standards under ERISA are excluded from the pay-out table due to the uncertainty regarding amounts to be contributed. Additional contributions to the pension trust are not expected to be significant for the remainder of   2016  .  
              (b) 
    Other long-term liabilities include mine reclamation and closure and other long-term liability costs. 
              (c) 
    The significant obligation table does not include obligations to taxing authorities due to the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate settlement of amounts and timing of these obligations. 

Debt 
  At   September 30, 2016  , CONSOL Energy's continuing operations had total long-term debt and capital lease obligations of $  2,797   million outstanding, including the current portion of long-term debt of $  9   million. This long-term debt consisted of: 
             
    An aggregate principal amount of $  74     million   of   8.25%   senior unsecured notes due in April 2020. Interest on the notes is payable April 1 and October 1 of each year. Payment of the principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by most of CONSOL Energy s subsidiaries. 
                
    An aggregate principal amount of $  21     million   of   6.375%   senior unsecured notes due in March 2021. Interest on the notes is payable March 1 and September 1 of each year. Payment of the principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by most of CONSOL Energy's subsidiaries. 

81 

An aggregate principal amount of   $1,850     million   of   5.875%   senior unsecured notes due in April 2022 plus   $5   million of unamortized bond premium. Interest on the notes is payable April 15 and October 15 of each year. Payment of the principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by most of CONSOL Energy's subsidiaries. 
                
    An aggregate principal amount of $  500     million   of   8.00%   senior unsecured notes due in April 2023 less   $6   million of unamortized bond discount. Interest on the notes is payable April 1 and October 1 of each year. Payment of the principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by most of CONSOL Energy s subsidiaries. 
                
    An aggregate principal amount of $  103     million   of industrial revenue bonds, which were issued to finance the Baltimore port facility, bear interest at   5.75%   per annum and mature in September 2025. Interest on the industrial revenue bonds is payable March 1 and September 1 of each year. Payment of principal and interest on the notes is guaranteed by CONSOL Energy.  
                
    Advance royalty commitments of $  3     million   with an average interest rate of   16.35%   per annum. 
                
    An aggregate principal amount of $  2     million   on a note maturing through March 2018. 
                
    An aggregate principal amount of $  37     million   of capital leases with a weighted average interest rate of   6.60%   per annum. 
                
    An aggregate principal amount of   $208   million in outstanding borrowings under the revolver for CNXC. CONSOL Energy is not a guarantor of CNXC's revolving credit facility. 
       
  At   September 30, 2016  , CONSOL Energy had an aggregate principal amount of $  354   million in outstanding borrowings and approximately $  324   million of letters of credit outstanding under the $  2.0   billion senior secured revolving credit facility.  

Total Equity and Dividends 
  CONSOL Energy had total equity of   $4,290 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $4,856 million   at   December 31, 2015  . See the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional details. 
  Dividend information for the current year to date is as follows: 

The declaration and payment of dividends by CONSOL Energy is subject to the discretion of CONSOL Energy s Board of Directors, and no assurance can be given that CONSOL Energy will pay dividends in the future. CONSOL Energy s Board of Directors determines whether dividends will be paid quarterly. CONSOL Energy suspended its quarterly dividend following the sale of the Buchanan Mine to Coronado IV LLC which took place on March 31, 2016. The determination to pay dividends in the future will depend upon, among other things, general business conditions, CONSOL Energy s financial results, contractual and legal restrictions regarding the payment of dividends by CONSOL Energy, planned investments by CONSOL Energy and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. The Company's credit facility limits CONSOL Energy's ability to pay dividends in excess of an annual rate of $0.50 per share when the Company's leverage ratio exceeds 3.50 to 1.00 and subject to an aggregate amount up to the then cumulative credit calculation. The total leverage ratio was   4.35   to 1.00 and the cumulative credit was approximately   $859 million   at   September 30, 2016  . The calculation of this ratio excludes CNXC. The credit facility does not permit dividend payments in the event of default. The indentures to the 2022 and 2023 notes limit dividends to $0.50 per share annually unless several conditions are met. Conditions include no defaults, ability to incur additional debt and other payment limitations under the indentures. There were no defaults in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  On October 26, 2016 the Board of Directors of CONE Midstream GP LLC, the general partner of CONE Midstream Partners LP, announced the declaration of a cash distribution of $0.263 per unit with respect to the third quarter of 2016. The distribution will be made on November 14, 2016 to unitholders of record as of the close of business on November 4, 2016. The distribution, which equates to an annual rate of $1.052 per unit, represents an increase of 3.5% over the prior quarter, and an increase of 15.4% over the distribution paid with respect to the third quarter of 2015. 
    
  On October 31, 2016, the Board of Directors of CNXC declared a cash distribution to the Partnership's unitholders for the third quarter of 2016 of $0.5125 per common and subordinated units. The cash distribution will be paid on November 15, 2016 to the unitholders of record at the close of business on November 10, 2016. 

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions 
    
  CONSOL Energy does not maintain off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or others that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on CONSOL Energy s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources which are not disclosed in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q. CONSOL  

82 

Energy participates in various multi-employer benefit plans such as the UMWA Combined Benefit Fund and the UMWA 1992 Benefit Plan which generally accepted accounting principles recognize on a pay-as-you-go basis. These benefit arrangements may result in additional liabilities that are not recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at   September 30, 2016  . The various multi-employer benefit plans are discussed in Note 18 Other Employee Benefit Plans in the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of the   December 31, 2015   Form 10-K. CONSOL Energy also uses a combination of surety bonds, corporate guarantees and letters of credit to secure the Company's financial obligations for employee-related, environmental, performance and various other items which are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at   September 30, 2016  . Management believes these items will expire without being funded. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional details of the various financial guarantees that have been issued by CONSOL Energy. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  We are including the following cautionary statement in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf, of us. With the exception of historical matters, the matters discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning the timing and success of specific projects and our future production, revenues, income and capital spending. When we use the words  believe,   intend,   expect,   may,   should,   anticipate,   could,   estimate,   plan,   predict,   project,   will,  or their negatives, or other similar expressions, the statements which include those words are usually forward-looking statements. When we describe strategy that involves risks or uncertainties, we are making forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; we disclaim any obligation to update these statements unless required by securities law, and we caution you not to rely on them unduly. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These risks, contingencies and uncertainties relate to, among other matters, the following: 

deterioration in economic conditions in any of the industries in which our customers operate may decrease demand for our products, impair our ability to collect customer receivables and impair our ability to access capital;  
                
    prices for natural gas, natural gas and other liquids and coal are volatile and can fluctuate widely based upon a number of factors beyond our control including oversupply relative to the demand available for our products, weather and the price and availability of alternative fuels.  
                
    an extended decline in the prices we receive for our natural gas, natural gas liquids and coal affecting our operating results and cash flows;  
                
    foreign currency fluctuations could adversely affect the competitiveness of our coal abroad; 
                
    our customers extending existing contracts or entering into new long-term contracts for coal on favorable terms;  
                
    our reliance on major customers;  
                
    our inability to collect payments from customers if their creditworthiness declines or they fail to enter their contracts;  
                
    the disruption of rail, barge, gathering, processing and transportation facilities and other systems that deliver our natural gas, natural gas liquids and coal to market;  
                
    a loss of our competitive position because of the competitive nature of the natural gas and coal industries, or a loss of our competitive position because of overcapacity in these industries impairing our profitability;  
                
    coal users switching to other fuels in order to comply with various environmental standards related to coal combustion emissions;  
                
    the impact of potential, as well as any adopted environmental regulations including any relating to greenhouse gas emissions on our operating costs as well as on the market for natural gas and coal and for our securities; 
                
    the risks inherent in natural gas and coal operations, including our reliance upon third party contractors, being subject to unexpected disruptions, including geological conditions, equipment failure, timing of completion of significant construction or repair of equipment, fires, explosions, accidents and weather conditions which could impact financial results;  
                
    decreases in the availability of, or increases in, the price of commodities or capital equipment used in our mining and transportation operations;  
                
    obtaining and renewing governmental permits and approvals for our natural gas and coal operations;  
                
    the effects of government regulation on the discharge into the water or air, and the disposal and clean-up of, hazardous substances and wastes generated during our natural gas and coal operations;  

83 

our ability to find adequate water sources for our use in natural gas drilling, or our ability to dispose of water used or removed from strata in connection with our natural gas operations at a reasonable cost and within applicable environmental rules; 
                
    the effects of stringent federal and state employee health and safety regulations, including the ability of regulators to shut down our operations;  
                
    the potential for liabilities arising from environmental contamination or alleged environmental contamination in connection with our past or current natural gas and coal operations;  
                
    the effects of mine closing, reclamation, gas well closing and certain other liabilities;  
                
    uncertainties in estimating our economically recoverable natural gas, oil and coal reserves;  
                
    defects may exist in our chain of title and we may incur additional costs associated with perfecting title for gas rights on some of our properties or failing to acquire these additional rights may result in a reduction of our estimated reserves; 
                
    the outcomes of various legal proceedings, which are more fully described in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;  
                
    exposure to employee-related long-term liabilities;  
                
    lump sum payments made to retiring salaried employees pursuant to our defined benefit pension plan exceeding total service and interest cost in a plan year;  
                
    divestitures we anticipate may not occur or produce anticipated benefits;  
                
    the terms of our existing joint ventures restrict our flexibility, actions taken by the other party in our natural gas joint ventures may impact our financial position and various circumstances could cause us not to realize the benefits we anticipate receiving from these joint ventures; 
                
    risks associated with our debt;  
                
    replacing our natural gas and oil reserves, which if not replaced, will cause our natural gas and oil reserves and production to decline;  
                
    declines in our borrowing base could occur for a variety of reasons, including lower natural gas or oil prices, declines in natural gas and oil proved reserves, and lending regulations requirements or regulations; 
                
    our hedging activities may prevent us from benefiting from price increases and may expose us to other risks;  
                
    changes in federal or state income tax laws, particularly in the area of percentage depletion and intangible drilling costs, could cause our financial position and profitability to deteriorate; 
                
    failure to appropriately allocate capital and other resources among our strategic opportunities may adversely affect our financial condition; 
                
    failure by Murray Energy to satisfy liabilities it acquired from us, or failure to perform its obligations under various arrangements, which we guaranteed, could materially or adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows;  
                
    information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss resulting from a terrorist attack or cyber incident; 
                
    operating in a single geographic area; 
                
    certain provisions in our multi-year sales contracts may provided limited protection during adverse economic conditions, and may result in economic penalties or permit the customer to terminate the contract; 
                
    our common units in CNX Coal Resources LP and CONE Midstream Partners LP are subordinated, and we may not receive distributions from CNX Coal Resources LP or CONE Midstream Partners LP; 
                
    with respect to the sale of the Buchanan and Amonate mines and other coal assets to Coronado IV LLC - disruption to our business, including customer, employee and supplier relationships resulting from this transaction, and the impact of the transaction on our future operating results; and 
                
    other factors discussed in the 2015 Form 10-K under  Risk Factors,  as updated by any subsequent Form 10-Qs, which are on file at the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

84 

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
       
  In addition to the risks inherent in operations, CONSOL Energy is exposed to financial, market, political and economic risks. The following discussion provides additional detail regarding CONSOL Energy's exposure to the risks of changing commodity prices, interest rates and foreign exchange rates.  
    
  CONSOL Energy is exposed to market price risk in the normal course of selling natural gas and to a lesser extent in the sale of coal. CONSOL Energy uses fixed-price contracts, options and derivative commodity instruments to minimize exposure to market price volatility in the sale of natural gas and NGLs. CONSOL Energy sells coal under both short-term and long-term contracts with fixed price and/or indexed price contracts that reflect market value. Under our risk management policy, it is not our intent to engage in derivative activities for speculative purposes.  
    
  CONSOL Energy has established risk management policies and procedures to strengthen the internal control environment of the marketing of commodities produced from its asset base. All of the derivative instruments without other risk assessment procedures are held for purposes other than trading. They are used primarily to mitigate uncertainty, volatility and cover underlying exposures. CONSOL Energy's market risk strategy incorporates fundamental risk management tools to assess market price risk and establish a framework in which management can maintain a portfolio of transactions within pre-defined risk parameters.  
    
  CONSOL Energy believes that the use of derivative instruments, along with our risk assessment procedures and internal controls, mitigates our exposure to material risks. However, the use of derivative instruments without other risk assessment procedures could materially affect CONSOL Energy's results of operations depending on market prices. Nevertheless, we believe that the use of these instruments will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or liquidity.  
    
  For a summary of accounting policies related to derivative instruments, see Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of CONSOL Energy's 2015 Form 10-K.  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , our open derivative instruments were in a net asset position with a fair value of   $64 million  . A sensitivity analysis has been performed to determine the incremental effect on future earnings related to open derivative instruments at   September 30, 2016  . A hypothetical 10 percent increase in future natural gas prices would decrease future earnings related to derivatives by   $196 million  .  
  CONSOL Energy s interest expense is sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates in the United States. At   September 30, 2016  , CONSOL Energy had   $2,560 million   aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding under fixed-rate instruments and   $562 million   of debt outstanding under variable-rate instruments. CONSOL Energy s primary exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates to our revolving credit facility, under which there were   $354 million   of borrowings at   September 30, 2016  , and CNXC's revolving credit facility, under which there were   $208 million   of  borrowings at   September 30, 2016  . A hypothetical 100 basis-point increase in the average rate for CONSOL Energy's and CNXC's revolving credit facilities would decrease pre-tax future earnings related to interest expense by   $6 million  .  
    
  Almost all of CONSOL Energy s transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars, and, as a result, it does not have material exposure to currency exchange-rate risks. 

85 

Natural Gas Hedging Volumes 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our hedged volumes for the periods indicated are as follows: 

ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
       
  Disclosure controls and procedures.   CONSOL Energy, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including CONSOL Energy s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, CONSOL Energy s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of   September 30, 2016   to ensure that information required to be disclosed by CONSOL Energy in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and includes controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by CONSOL Energy in such reports is accumulated and communicated to CONSOL Energy s management, including CONSOL Energy s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in internal controls over financial reporting  .   There were no changes in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II:  OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     The first through the seventh paragraphs of Note 13 Commitments and Contingent Liabilites in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q are incorporated herein by reference. 

86 

ITEM 1A.         RISK FACTORS 
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in the  Risk Factors  Section in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, together with the following risks that have been amended and restated from the prior  Risk Factors  disclosed in the Form 10-K. These described risks are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
    
  Existing and future government laws, regulations and other legal requirements relating to protection of the environment, and others that govern our business may increase our costs of doing business for natural gas, and may restrict our gas operations. 
    
  On April 8, 2016, The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) published in the Federal Register a Notice of Proposed Rule Making (NPRM) that would significantly modify existing regulations related to reporting, impact, design, construction, maintenance, operations and integrity management of gas transmission and gathering pipelines.  The proposed rule addresses four congressional mandates and six recommendations by the National Transportation Safety Board to broaden the scope of safety coverage by adding new assessment and repair criteria for gas transmission pipelines, and by expanding these protocols to include pipelines not formerly regulated by the federal standards. This includes extending regulatory requirements to transmission and gathering pipelines of 8 inches and greater in rural class 1 areas. Compliance with the rule, as proposed, may prove challenging and costly for operators of older pipelines due to the difficulty of locating historic records. Compliance could involve significant upfront costs and service disruptions. The relatively short 2-year timeframe for compliance for gathering pipelines could also be difficult to meet. Costs of compliance with the proposed rule could potentially affect shippers on pipelines as well as operators themselves, as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has allowed many interstate transmission pipelines to pass along costs attributable to safety measures directly to shippers. If implemented as proposed, CONSOL (CONE   CNX) will be affected by this rulemaking. However, long-term costs for compliance will be dependent on the finalized version of the rule. 
    
  We have entered into two significant natural gas joint ventures. These joint ventures restrict our operational and corporate flexibility; actions taken by our joint venture partners may materially impact our financial position and results of operations; and we may not realize the benefits we expect to realize from these joint ventures.  
    
  In the second half of 2011, we, through our principal natural gas operations subsidiary, CNX Gas, entered into joint venture arrangements with Noble Energy, Inc. and with a subsidiary of Hess Corporation, regarding our shale gas assets. We sold a 50% undivided interest in certain of our Marcellus shale oil and natural gas assets to Noble Energy and a 50% undivided interest in certain of our Utica shale acres in Ohio to Hess. On October 28, 2016, CNX Gas entered into an Exchange Agreement with Noble Energy, which would effectively terminate the joint development of the gas assets held in connection with our joint venture with Noble Energy and divide such gas assets among CNX Gas and Noble Energy (the Exchange Transaction). The following aspects of these joint ventures could materially impact us: 
    
  The development of these properties is subject to the terms of our joint development agreements with these parties and we no longer have the flexibility to control completely the development of these properties. For example, the joint development agreements for each of these joint ventures sets forth required capital expenditure programs that each party must participate in unless the parties mutually agree to change such programs or, in certain limited circumstances in the case of the Noble Energy joint development agreement, a party elects to exercise a non-consent right with respect to an entire year. If we do not timely meet our financial commitments under the respective joint development agreements, our rights to participate in such joint ventures will be adversely affected and the other parties to the joint ventures may have a right to acquire a share of our interest in such joint ventures proportionate to, and in satisfaction of, our unmet financial obligations. If our joint venture partners are unable or fail to pay their portion of development costs, our costs of operations could be increased, it could result in reduced drilling and production of oil and natural gas or loss of rights to develop the oil and natural gas properties held by that joint venture. In addition, each joint venture party has the right to elect to participate in all acreage and other acquisitions in certain defined areas of mutual interest.  As noted above, upon closing of the Exchange Transaction, our obligations under the joint development agreement with Noble Energy will cease and we will obtain control over the gas assets we retained and/or received in connection with the termination of that joint venture. 
    
  Each joint development agreement assigns to each party designated areas over which that party will manage and control operations. We could incur liability as a result of action taken by one of our joint venture partners.  Following the closing of the Exchange Transaction, we will solely control the gas assets we retained and/or received in connection with the Exchange Agreement  

87 

and will no longer be liable for the actions of Noble Energy with respect to those gas assets, except with respect to certain specified items in the Exchange Agreement. 
    
  One of the potential benefits of these two joint ventures was the obligation of the other party to pay a portion of our share of drilling and development costs for new wells, which we called "carried costs." At December 31, 2015 Noble Energy has a remaining carried costs obligation of approximately $1.6 billion while Hess's remaining carried costs obligation was $1.7 million. Following the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement, Noble Energy will no longer have any obligations to us with respect to  carried costs.  Noble Energy's obligation to pay carried costs is suspended if average Henry Hub natural gas prices fall and remain below $4.00 per million British thermal units or  MMbtu  in any three consecutive month period and will remain suspended until average natural gas prices are above $4.00/MMbtu for three consecutive months. As a result of this provision, Noble Energy's obligation to pay carried costs was suspended from December 1, 2011 to March 1, 2014 and was again suspended on November 1, 2014 and remained suspended throughout 2015. We cannot predict when this latest suspension will be lifted and Noble Energy's obligation to pay the carried costs will resume. This suspension has the effect of requiring us to incur our entire 50 percent share of the drilling and completion costs for new wells during the suspension period and delaying receipt of a portion of the value we expected to receive in the transaction. When the carry obligation is in effect, the benefits we receive from it would also depend upon the rate at which new wells are drilled and developed in the Noble Energy joint venture, which could fluctuate significantly from period to period. Moreover, the performance of the carry obligation is outside our control. 
    
  The Hess joint development agreement provides that any transfer of interest in the joint venture by us or Hess will be subject to a right of first offer in favor of the other party. These restrictions may preclude transactions which could be beneficial to our shareholders. 
    
  Disputes between us and our joint venture partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses, delay or terminate projects and distract our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business. 
    
  We may also enter into other joint venture arrangements in the future which could pose risks similar to risks described above.  

ITEM 4.      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104) is included in exhibit 95 to this quarterly report. 

ITEM 5.      OTHER INFORMATION 
  As previously disclosed, on September 20, 2016, the Board of Directors of CONSOL Energy amended and restated the Company s bylaws (the  Restated Bylaws ) to adopt  proxy access  and certain other amendments. As amended, Section 2.14 of the Restated Bylaws implements proxy access and generally provide that a shareholder, or group of 20 or fewer shareholders, owning at least 3% of the outstanding shares of the Company for at least three years may nominate candidates to serve on the Board and have such candidates included in the Company s annual meeting proxy materials. The maximum number of such proxy access nominees is the greater of (i) two or (ii) 20% of the Board. This process is subject to additional eligibility, procedural and disclosure requirements set forth in the Restated Bylaws, including the requirement that notice of such nominations must be delivered to the Company not later than 120 days nor earlier than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Company mailed its proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting of shareholders. 

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 

88 

In accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed.  

89 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  Dated:   November 1, 2016    
    
                     CONSOL ENERGY INC.  

By:  
      
    /s/    NICHOLAS J. DEIULIIS     

Nicholas J. DeIuliis 

Chief Executive Officer and President and Director  
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

By:  
      
    /  S  /    DAVID M. KHANI          

David M. Khani 

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

By:  
      
    /  S  /    C. KRISTOPHER HAGEDORN     

C. Kristopher Hagedorn 

Vice President and Controller  
  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

90 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 cnx93016-ex103.htm
 RESIGNATION, CONSENT AND APPOINTMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit 

Execution Version 

RESIGNATION, CONSENT AND APPOINTMENT AGREEMENT 
  This Resignation, Consent and Appointment Agreement (this    Agreement   ) is entered into as of September 12, 2016, by and among Bank of America, N.A., as the resigning Syndication Agent (in such capacity, the    Existing Syndication Agent    or    Bank of America   ) under the Credit Agreement (as defined below), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the successor Syndication Agent (in such capacity, the    Successor Syndication Agent    or    JPMCB   ) under the Credit Agreement and CONSOL Energy Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower   ).  Defined terms in the Credit Agreement have the same meanings where used herein, unless otherwise defined or provided herein, and matters of construction shall be applied herein as established in the Credit Agreement. 
  RECITALS 
  WHEREAS, the Borrower, PNC Bank, National Association as the administrative agent and collateral agent (the    Administrative Agent   ), the Lenders, the Existing Syndication Agent and the other parties named therein are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2014 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the    Credit Agreement    
  WHEREAS, Bank of America desires to resign as Syndication Agent under the Loan Documents; 
  WHEREAS, Lenders constituting the Required Lenders have delivered consents (the    Consents   ) to the Administrative Agent approving the appointment of JPMCB as successor Syndication Agent and the Borrower has consented to such appointment;  
  WHEREAS, JPMCB wishes to accept such appointment; and 
  NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
           1. 
    Agency Resignation, Consent and Appointment  . 
     (a)  As of the Resignation Effective Time (as defined below), (i) Bank of America hereby resigns as the Syndication Agent under the Loan Documents as provided under Section 10.6 [Resignation of Agents] of the Credit Agreement and shall have no further obligations under the Loan Documents in such capacity (other than those described herein); (ii) the Borrower hereby consents to the appointment of JPMCB as successor Syndication Agent under the Loan Documents; (iii) the Borrower hereby agrees that the resignation of Bank of America as the Syndication Agent under the Loan Documents shall become effective as of the Resignation Effective Time; (iv) JPMCB hereby accepts its appointment as successor Syndication Agent as of the Resignation Effective Time; (v) JPMCB shall bear no responsibility for any actions taken or omitted to be taken by Bank of America while it served as Syndication Agent under the Loan Documents; and (vi) Bank of America shall bear no responsibility for any actions taken or omitted to be taken by JPMCB (or its successors) while serving as Syndication Agent under the Loan Documents.  Until the Resignation Effective Time, the Existing Syndication Agent continues to have full authority to act as Syndication Agent in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
  (b)  The parties hereto hereby confirm that the Successor Syndication Agent succeeds to the rights and obligations of the Syndication Agent under the Loan Documents and becomes vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the Syndication Agent under each of the Loan Documents, and the Existing Syndication Agent is discharged from all of its duties and obligations as the Syndication Agent under the Loan Documents (other than those described herein), in each case as of the Resignation Effective Time. 
  (c)  The parties hereto hereby confirm that at and after the Resignation Effective Time, all of the provisions of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, Article X [The Administrative Agent] of the Credit Agreement, to the extent they pertain to the Existing Syndication Agent or its Affiliates or any co-agent or sub-agent or attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Existing Syndication Agent pursuant to Article X [The Administrative Agent] of the Credit Agreement or any of such Persons  Related Parties (collectively, the    Indemnified Bank of America Parties   ), continue in effect, to the extent specifically set forth in the Credit Agreement, in accordance with their terms for the benefit of the Existing Syndication Agent and the other Indemnified Bank of America Parties in respect of any liabilities, costs, expenses or other amounts as set forth in the Credit Agreement, arising from or relating to the Loan Documents (including this Agreement) (whether now existing or hereinafter arising in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them prior to the Resignation Effective Time and all actions taken by the Existing Syndication Agent pursuant to this Agreement) that would be required to be indemnified pursuant to Section 11.3 [Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver] of the Credit Agreement or any other applicable provisions of the Loan Documents and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnified Bank of America Parties, notwithstanding the resignation of the Existing Syndication Agent at the Resignation Effective Time, and references in said Sections to the Syndication Agent, shall be deemed to include Bank of America as predecessor Syndication Agent.  Any amounts owed or owing to the Existing Syndication Agent under this Agreement or under the Loan Documents, in its capacity as the Existing Syndication Agent, shall constitute  Obligations  for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents irrespective of whether such amounts were incurred before or after the Resignation Effective Time and shall be entitled to the priority currently afforded thereto by the terms of the Loan Documents. 
  (d)  The Borrower confirms that all provisions of Article X [The Administrative Agent] of the Credit Agreement and all other provisions in the Loan Documents that are applicable to the Syndication Agent shall be applicable to the Successor Syndication Agent as of the Resignation Effective Time. 
  (e)  The parties hereto hereby agree (and the Lenders, by appointing JPMCB as the Successor Syndication Agent, shall be deemed to have agreed) that, for purposes of the acknowledgement and agreement contained herein regarding the continuing benefit of the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Existing Syndication Agent, references to Article X [The Administrative Agent] and Section 11.3 [Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver] of the Credit Agreement, including the defined terms used in such provisions, shall be deemed to refer to such provisions or defined terms in the Credit Agreement as they exist on the date hereof, without giving effect to any amendment, waiver or other modification thereof after the Resignation Effective Time that is in any manner adverse to the Existing Syndication Agent.  
           2. 
    Address for Notices  .  As of the Resignation Effective Time, the address for notices made to the Syndication Agent shall be as follows: 
     JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
  10 South Dearborn, Floor L2S 
  Chicago, Illinois  60603 
        
           3. 
    Representations and Warranties  . 
     (a)  Each of JPMCB and Bank of America hereby represents and warrants on and as of the date hereof and at and as of the Resignation Effective Time that (i) it is authorized to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder, (ii) it has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and (iii) this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding agreement of it, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or limiting the rights or remedies of creditors or by the effect of general principles of equity (whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law). 
  (b)  The Borrower hereby represents and warrants on and as of the date hereof and at and as of the Resignation Effective Time that (i) it is authorized to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder, (ii) it has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and (iii) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms except as the same may be limited by the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws relating or limiting the rights or remedies of creditors or by the effect of general principles of equity (whether enforcement is sought in equity or law). 
  (c)  This Agreement is hereby made without representation or warranty of any kind, nature or description except as specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 3. 
           4. 
    Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness  .  For purposes of this Agreement, the term    Resignation Effective Time    means the first time (New York City time) at which all of the following conditions have been satisfied: 
     (a)  Each of the parties hereto shall have executed and delivered this Agreement;  
  (b)  The Administrative Agent shall have received Consents from the Required Lenders; 
  (c)  Bank of America shall have received from the Borrower payment in immediately available funds of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses, accrued and unpaid fees and other amounts payable to it as the Existing Syndication Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents (including fees and expenses of counsel), including such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Existing Syndication Agent as of the Resignation Effective Time in order to effect the matters covered hereby, to the extent invoiced at least two Business Days prior to the date hereof. 
           5. 
    Further Assurances  . 
     (a)  Without limiting their obligations in any way under any of the Loan Documents, the Borrower reaffirms and acknowledges its obligations to the Successor Syndication Agent with respect to the Loan Documents. 
  (b)  The Existing Syndication Agent agrees that, following the Resignation Effective Time, the Existing Syndication Agent shall furnish additional acknowledgements, other customary documents, instruments and agreements and such other information as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Successor Syndication Agent from time to time in order to effect the matters covered hereby;   provided   that any document, instrument or agreement to be furnished or executed by, or other action to be taken by, the Existing Syndication Agent shall be reasonably satisfactory to it. 
  (c)  The Borrower shall promptly reimburse the Existing Syndication Agent for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by the Existing Syndication Agent in connection with any actions taken pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.3 [Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver] of the Credit Agreement. 
           6. 
    Successors and Assigns  .  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties hereto. 
              7. 
    Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall be one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
              8. 
    Headings  .  The section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of any of the provisions hereof. 
              9. 
    Interpretation  .  This Agreement is a Loan Document for the purposes of the Credit Agreement. 
              10. 
    GOVERNING LAW  .  The provisions of Section 11.11.1 [GOVERNING LAW] of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated,   mutatis mutandis  , by reference as if such sections were set forth in full herein. 
              11. 
    CONSENT TO JURISDICTION  .  The provisions of Section 11.11.2 [SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION] of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated,   mutatis mutandis  , by reference as if such sections were set forth in full herein. 
              12. 
    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  .  The provisions of Section 11.11.5 [WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL] of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated,   mutatis mutandis  , by reference as if such sections were set forth in full herein. 
              13. 
    No Waiver  .  No failure or delay of the Existing Syndication Agent, the Successor Syndication Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender in exercising any power or right hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.  The rights and remedies of the Existing Syndication Agent, the Successor Syndication Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have.  
              14. 
    Severability  .  In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of itself affect the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction).  The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 
              15. 
    Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement, the Consents and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract between the parties relative to the subject matter hereof.  Any other previous agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof is superseded by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Nothing in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto and thereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereunder and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Existing Syndication Agent, the Successor Syndication Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders) any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.  
     [Signature pages follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 
  BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
  as Existing Syndication Agent 
  By:    _/s/ Adam H. Fey  ___________________          Name: Adam H. Fey          Title: Director 
    
  JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
  as Successor Syndication Agent 
  By:    _/s/ Anson Williams  ____________________          Name: Anson Williams          Title: Authorized Signatory 

CONSOL ENERGY INC. 

By:    /s/ David M. Khani  ________________________          Name: David M. Khani          Title: Executive Vice President and  
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 cnx-93016xex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
    
  CERTIFICATIONS  
    
  I, Nicholas J. DeIuliis, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CONSOL Energy Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 1, 2016 

/s/    Nicholas J. DeIuliis   
      
      Nicholas J. DeIuliis 
      
      Chief Executive Officer and President and Director  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 cnx-93016xex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, David M. Khani, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CONSOL Energy Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 1, 2016 

/s/ David M. Khani 
      
      David M. Khani 
      
      Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 cnx93016-ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
    
  CERTIFICATION  
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,  
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350  
    
  I, Nicholas J. DeIuliis, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) of CONSOL Energy Inc. (the  Registrant ), certify that to my knowledge, based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , of the Registrant (the  Report ):  
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 1, 2016 

/s/    Nicholas J. DeIuliis   
      
      Nicholas J. DeIuliis 
      
      Chief Executive Officer and President and Director  (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 cnx93016-ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2  
    
  CERTIFICATION  
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,  
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350  
    
  I, David M. Khani, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) of CONSOL Energy Inc. (the  Registrant ), certify that to my knowledge, based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , of the Registrant (the  Report ):  
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
       
                   Date: 
    November 1, 2016 

/s/ David M. Khani 
      
      David M. Khani 
      
      Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 7
 exhibit95msha93016.htm
 MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION SAFETY DATA

Exhibit 

Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data 
  We believe that CONSOL Energy is one of the safest mining companies in the world. The Company has in place health and safety programs that include extensive employee training, accident prevention, workplace inspection, emergency response, accident investigation, regulatory compliance and program auditing. The objectives of our health and safety programs are to eliminate workplace incidents, comply with all mining-related regulations and provide support for both regulators and the industry to improve mine safety. 
  The operation of our mines is subject to regulation by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (Mine Act). MSHA inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues various citations, orders and violations when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. We present information below regarding certain mining safety and health violations, orders and citations issued by MSHA and related assessments, legal actions and mine-related fatalities with respect to our coal mining operations. In evaluating this information, consideration should be given to factors such as:  (i) the number of violations, orders and citations will vary depending on the size of the coal mine, (ii) the number of violations, orders and citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and mine to mine, and (iii) violations, orders and citations can be contested and appealed, and in that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
    
  The table below sets forth for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   for each coal mine of CONSOL Energy and its subsidiaries that has an outstanding MSHA citation, order or violation, the total number of:  (i) violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard under section 104 of the Mine Act for which the operator received a citation from MSHA; (ii) orders issued under section 104(b) of the Mine Act; (iii) citations and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under section 104(d) of the Mine Act; (iv) flagrant violations under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act; (v) imminent danger orders issued under section 107(a) of the Mine Act; (vi) proposed assessments from MHSA (regardless of whether CONSOL Energy has challenged or appealed the assessment); (vii) mining-related fatalities; (viii) notices from MSHA of a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards under section 104(e) of the Mine Act; (ix) notices from MSHA regarding the potential to have a pattern of violations as referenced in (viii) above; and (x) pending legal actions before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (as of   September 30, 2016  ) involving such coal or other mine, as well as the aggregate number of legal actions instituted and the aggregate number of legal actions resolved during the reporting period.  

1 

(1)  See table below for additional detail regarding Legal Actions Pending as of   September 30, 2016  .  With respect to Contests of Proposed Penalties, we have included the number of dockets (as opposed to citations) when counting the number of Legal Actions Pending as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   2 

(a) Represents (if any) contests of citations and orders, which typically are filed prior to an operator's receipt of a proposed penalty assessment from MSHA or relate to orders for which penalties are not assessed (such as imminent danger orders under Section 107 of the Mine Act). This category includes: (i) contests of citations or orders issued under section 104 of the Mine Act, (ii) contests of imminent danger withdrawal orders under section 107 of the Mine Act, and (iii) Emergency response plan dispute proceedings (as required under the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006, Pub. L. No. 109-236, 120 Stat. 493). 
    
  (b) Represents (if any) contests of proposed penalties, which are administrative proceedings before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission ( FMSHRC ) challenging a civil penalty that MSHA has proposed for the violation contained in a citation or order.  
    
  (c) Represents (if any) complaints for compensation, which are cases under section 111 of the Mine Act that may be filed with the FMSHRC by miners idled by a closure order issued by MSHA who are entitled to compensation. 
    
  (d) Represents (if any) complaints of discharge, discrimination or interference under section 105 of the Mine Act, which cover: (i) discrimination proceedings involving a miner's allegation that he or she has suffered adverse employment action because he or she engaged in activity protected under the Mine Act, such as making a safety complaint, and (ii) temporary reinstatement proceedings involving cases in which a miner has filed a complaint with MSHA stating that he or she has suffered such discrimination and has lost his or her position. Complaints of Discharge, Discrimination, or Interference are also included in Contests of Proposed Penalties, Column B. 
    
  (e) Represents (if any) applications for temporary relief, which are applications under section 105(b)(2) of the Mine Act for temporary relief from any modification or termination of any order or from any order issued under section 104 of the Mine Act (other than citations issued under section 104(a) or (f) of the Mine Act).  
    
  (f) Represents (if any) appeals of judges' decisions or orders to the FMSHRC, including petitions for discretionary review and review by the FMSHRC on its own motion. 
  
   3 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 cnx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cnx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cnx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cnx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cnx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cnx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

