<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-K_edgar_data_99771_0001140361-16-084212_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20470546</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>754546</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>958862</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7710247</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8131968</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2395341</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>176</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-16-084212.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031171944
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-16-084212
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRINITY CAPITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099771
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				850242376
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NM
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50266
		FILM NUMBER:		161962532

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 TRINITY DRIVE
		CITY:			LOS ALAMOS
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87544
		BUSINESS PHONE:		505 662 5171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 TRINITY DRIVE
		CITY:			LOS ALAMOS
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87544

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-16-084212.txt : 20161031

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION 10-K 12-31-2015

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2016

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015

or

For the transition period from                                                    to

Commission File Number 000-50266

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code  (505) 662-5171 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Common Stock, no par value per share

(Title of class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.          

Yes       No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.          

Yes       No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes       No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

Yes      No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.

Yes      No

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer    

(do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes      No

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock ( Common Stock ) held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2016, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $26,105,000  (based on the last sale price of the Common Stock at September 30, 2016 of $4.00 per share).

As of September 30, 2016, there were 6,526,302 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I

Item 1. Business 

2

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

19

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

34

Item 2. Properties 

34

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

35

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

36

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

36

Item 6. Selected Consolidated Financial Data 

39

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

41

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

64

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

67

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

119

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

120

Item 9B. Other Information 

124

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of the Registrant 

125

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

132

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

137

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

140

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

141

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

141

Signatures 

145

Table of Contents 

Please note: Unless the context clearly suggests otherwise, references in this Form 10-K to  us,   we,   our,   Trinity  or  the Company  include Trinity Capital Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries.

Special Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

This document contains forward-looking statements of the Company and its management within the meaning of such term in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of the Company.  Forward-looking statements, which may be based upon beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the Company s management and on information currently available to management, are generally identifiable by the use of words such as  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   plan,   intend,   estimate,   may,   will,   would,   could,   should  or other similar expressions.  Additionally, all statements in this document, including forward-looking statements, speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any statement in light of new information or future events, except as required by law.

The Company s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. The factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements included herein and that could have a material adverse effect on the operations and future prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries are detailed under  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this report.  These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements.

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Explanatory Note

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (this  Form 10-K) is the Company s first report since the Company filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 on May 9, 2016.  This Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015  contains: (i) the consolidated financial information for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013; and (ii) the selected consolidated financial data for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, and 2011 (unaudited) required pursuant to Item 6 of this Form 10-K. The consolidated financial information as of and for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015, March 30, 2015, September 30, 2014, June 30, 2014, March 31, 2014, which have not been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), will not be separately presented as the Company determined that due to the length of time that has passed the separate presentation is not material. Comparative quarterly information will, however, be provided in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods beginning March 31, 2016.

As discussed in  the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed on May 9, 2016, subsequent to the issuance of the Company s consolidated financial information on Form 10-Q as of and for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2012, the Company s management determined that Los Alamos National Bank, the Company s wholly-owned bank subsidiary (the  Bank ), had not properly recognized certain losses and risks inherent in its loan portfolio on a timely basis as disclosed in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2012, April 26, 2013 and October 27, 2014 with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  This failure was caused by the override of controls by certain former members of management and material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls.  As a result, the Company restated its consolidated financial data for the years ended December 31, 2006 through 2011 and the consolidated financial information for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2012 and June 30, 2012 (the  Restated Periods ).  The Company filed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 on December 12, 2014, which included: (i) consolidated financial data for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010 (unaudited) and 2009 (unaudited);  and (ii) the consolidated financial statements for the Company for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.

2 

Table of Contents 

Financial information for the Restated Periods included in the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and earnings press releases and similar communications issued prior to May 9, 2016, are superseded in their entirety by the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed with the SEC on May 9, 2016.

As detailed in Item 9A,  Controls and Procedures  in this Form 10-K, there are material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls dating to 2006, that have not yet been fully remediated.  The override of controls by former members of management and these material weaknesses, caused the misstatements of the Company s financial statements noted above.

For more information regarding the impact on the Company s financial results, refer to Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors;  Part II, Item 6,  Selected Financial Data;  and Item 7,  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations;  and to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10K.  Information regarding the internal control deficiencies identified by management and management's efforts to remediate those deficiencies can be found in Part II, Item 9A,  Controls and Procedures  of this Form 10-K.

Recent Developments

Stock Purchase Agreement with Certain Institutional and Accredited Investors

As previously disclosed, on September 8, 2016, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Castle Creek Capital Partners VI, L.P. ( Castle Creek ), Patriot Financial Partners II, L.P., Patriot Financial Partners Parallel II, L.P. (together with Patriot Financial Partners II, L.P.,  Patriot ) and Strategic Value Bank Partners LLC, through its fund, Strategic Value Investors LP ( SVBP , and collectively, the  Investors ), pursuant to which the Company expects to raise gross proceeds of $52 million in a private placement transaction and to issue shares of the Company s common stock, no par value, at a purchase price of $4.75 per share, and shares of a new series of nonvoting noncumulative convertible perpetual preferred stock, Series C, no par value, at a purchase price of $475.00 per share (the  Series C Preferred Stock ). Prior to the closing of the private placement transaction, the Company intends to file articles of amendment to the Company s articles of incorporation setting forth the rights, preferences, and privileges of the Series C Preferred Stock. The private placement transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of necessary regulatory approvals or nonobjections for the use of proceeds described below.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the private placement to repurchase all of the shares of the Company s outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, to pay the deferred interest on its trust preferred securities, and for general corporate purposes.

In connection with the private placement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with each of Castle Creek and Patriot. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement for the purpose of registering the resale of the shares of the common stock and Series C preferred stock issued in the private placement and the underlying shares of common stock or non-voting common stock into which the shares of Series C Preferred Stock are convertible, as appropriate. The Company is obligated to file the registration statement no later than the third anniversary after the closing of the private placement.

In addition, prior to closing, Castle Creek and Patriot will enter into side letter agreements with us.  Under the terms of a side letter agreements, each Investor will be entitled to have one representative appointed to our Board of Directors for so long as such investor, together with its respective affiliates, owns, in the aggregate, 5% or more of all of the outstanding shares of  common stock (including shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock or non-voting common stock).  In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse certain of Castle Creek s and Patriot s legal fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their participation in the private placement.

The Company anticipates that the private placement transaction will close in fourth quarter 2016. Following the closing of the private placement transaction, the Company intends to conduct a $10.0 million registered public offering to its existing shareholders on the same terms as in the private placement transaction.  The Investors are not entitled to participate in the rights offering pursuant to the stock purchase agreement.

3 

Table of Contents 

Trinity Capital Corporation

General.  Trinity Capital Corporation, a bank holding company organized under the laws of the State of New Mexico, is the sole stockholder of the Bank and the sole stockholder of Title Guaranty   Insurance Company ( Title Guaranty ).  The Bank is the sole stockholder of TCC Advisors Corporation ( TCC Advisors ), the sole member of LANB Investment Advisors, LLC, a New Mexico limited liability company ( LANB Investment Advisors ), the sole member of Triscensions ABQ, LLC, a New Mexico limited liability company, and the sole member of FNM Investment Fund IV, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company ( FNM Investment Fund IV ).  The Bank is also a member of Cottonwood Technology Group, LLC ( Cottonwood ), a management consulting and counseling company for technology startup companies, which is also designed to manage venture capital funds. FNM Investment Fund IV is a member of Finance New Mexico Investor Series IV, LLC, a New Mexico Limited Liability Company ( FNM CDE IV ), an entity created by the Bank to fund loans and investments in a New Market Tax Credit project.  In addition, Trinity owns all the common shares of four business trusts, created by Trinity for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities that had an aggregate outstanding balance of $37.1 million as of December 31, 2015.

Trinity is located in Los Alamos, New Mexico, a small community in the Jemez Mountains of Northern New Mexico.  Los Alamos County has approximately 17,800 residents.  Los Alamos National Laboratory (the  Laboratory ) is a pre-eminent research facility for scientific and technological development in numerous scientific fields.  As of December 31, 2015, the Laboratory employed (directly and indirectly) approximately 10,500 people, making it the largest employer in Los Alamos County.  The Laboratory is the cornerstone of the community and has attracted numerous other scientific businesses to the area.

As a bank holding company, Trinity is regulated primarily by the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. The primary business of Trinity is the operation of the Bank. The Bank was founded in 1963 by local investors to provide convenient, full-service banking to the unique scientific community that developed around the Laboratory. Trinity acquired the stock of the Bank in 1977.  The Bank is a full-service commercial banking institution with seven bank offices in Los Alamos, White Rock, Santa Fe and Albuquerque, New Mexico and is regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ).  The Bank provides a broad range of banking products and services, including credit, cash management, deposit, asset management and trust and investment services to our targeted customer base of individuals and small and medium-sized businesses.  As of December 31, 2015, Trinity had total assets of $1.4 billion, net loans of $822.4 million and deposits (net of deposits of affiliates) of $1.3 billion.

In 2000, Trinity elected to become, and was approved as, a financial holding company, as defined in the BHCA, and purchased Title Guaranty.  Title Guaranty was a title insurance company organized under the laws of the State of New Mexico doing business in Los Alamos and Santa Fe Counties.  In August 2012, Trinity sold substantially all of the assets of Title Guaranty and exited the title insurance line of business.  Trinity elected to resume its status as a bank holding company in 2013 and is no longer a financial holding company.  As of December 31, 2015, Title Guaranty existed as a subsidiary of Trinity with effectively no assets. Trinity is in the process of dissolving Title Guaranty.

The Bank created TCC Advisors in February 2006 to enable Trinity to manage certain assets. In April 2010, the Bank activated TCC Advisors as a business unit operating one of the Bank's foreclosed properties, Santa Fe Equestrian Park, in Santa Fe, New Mexico, while seeking a sale of the property.  Substantially all of the assets of TCC Advisors were sold in January 2015.  Trinity is in the process of dissolving this entity.  In February 2006, TCC Funds, a Delaware statutory trust was created with Trinity as its sponsor, to allow for the creation of a mutual fund.  TCC Funds remains dormant with no planned use at this time.  In August 2008, the Bank invested in Cottonwood. Cottonwood assists in the management of, and counsels, startup companies involved in technology transfer from research institutions in New Mexico, as well as establishing and managing venture funds.   Additionally, the Bank is participating in a venture capital fund managed by Cottonwood.  In 2009, the Bank created FNM Investment Fund IV to acquire a 99.99% interest in FNM CDE IV.  Both of these entities were created for the sole purpose of funding loans to, and investments in, a New Market Tax Credit project located in downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico.  In September 2010, the Bank invested in Southwest Medical Technologies, LLC ( SWMT ).  In November 2015, the Bank sold its interests in SWMT and wrote down its remaining interest to zero. The Bank initially formed LANB Investment Advisors in October 2012 to house a Registered Investment Advisor as part of its Trust and Investment Department operations. This entity has remained dormant since its creation with no planned use at this time.  Trinity is also in the process of dissolving this entity.

4 

Table of Contents 

Corporate Information.  The address of our headquarters is 1200 Trinity Drive, Los Alamos, New Mexico 87544, our main telephone number is (505) 662-5171 and our general email address is   tcc@lanb.com  .

Trinity maintains a website at   https://www.lanb.com/home/tcc-investor-relations.    We make available free of charge on or through our website, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, proxy statements, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC.  The Company will also provide copies of its filings free of charge upon written request to: TCC Stock Representative, Trinity Capital Corporation, Post Office Box 60, Los Alamos, New Mexico 87544.  In addition, any materials we file with the SEC can be read and copied at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 110 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.  Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.  The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers such as Trinity.  Trinity s filings are available free of charge on the SEC s website at   http://www.sec.gov  .

Los Alamos National Bank

General.  The Bank is a national banking organization created under the laws of the United States of America.  The Bank is regulated primarily by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ).

Products and Services.  The Bank provides a full range of financial services for deposit customers and lends money to creditworthy borrowers at competitive interest rates.  The Bank s products include certificates of deposit, checking and saving accounts, on-line banking, Individual Retirement Accounts, loans, mortgage loan servicing, trust and investment services, international services and safe deposit boxes.  These business activities make up the Bank s three key processes: investment of funds, generation of funds and service-for-fee income.  The profitability of operations depends primarily on the Bank s net interest income, which is the difference between total interest earned on interest-earning assets and total interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities, and its ability to maintain efficient operations.  In addition to the Bank s net interest income, it produces income through mortgage servicing operations and noninterest income processes, such as trust and investment services.

Lending Activities.

General.  The Bank provides a broad range of commercial and retail lending services to corporations, partnerships, individuals and government agencies primarily within the Bank s existing market areas.  The Bank actively markets its services to qualified borrowers.  Lending officers build relationships with new borrowers entering the Bank s market areas as well as long-standing members of the local business community.  The Bank has established lending policies that include a number of underwriting factors to be considered in making a loan, including location, loan-to-value ratio, cash flow and the credit history of the borrower.  As of December 31, 2015, the Bank s maximum legal lending limit to one borrower was $22.1 million; however, the Bank may impose additional limitations on the amount it is willing to lend to one borrower as part of its credit risk management policies.  The Bank s loan portfolio is comprised primarily of loans in the areas of commercial real estate, residential real estate, construction, general commercial and consumer lending.  In addition, Trinity has one construction loan.  As of December 31, 2015, commercial real estate loans comprised approximately 44.2% of the total loan portfolio; residential real estate mortgages made up approximately 30.7%; general commercial loans comprised 11.1%; construction real estate loans comprised 10.6%; and consumer lending comprised 3.4%.  In addition, the Bank originates residential mortgage loans for sale to third parties, primarily the Federal National Mortgage Association ( Fannie Mae ), and services most of these loans for the buyers; however, beginning in late 2015, management began moving toward a strategy to sell most newly originated mortgage loans with servicing released. In 2016, the Bank then made a further strategy change to an outsourced solution whereby the Bank generates residential mortgage applications for non-affiliated residential mortgage companies on a fee basis.  These changes in strategy were primarily based upon new compliance requirements and capital treatment relating to residential mortgage loans.

5 

Table of Contents 

Commercial Real Estate Loans.  The Bank s commercial real estate lending concentrates on loans to building contractors and developers, as well as owner occupied properties. The Bank collateralizes these loans and, in most cases, obtains personal guarantees to help ensure repayment.  The Bank s commercial real estate loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying real estate collateral.  Credit support provided by the borrower for most of these loans and the probability of repayment is based on the liquidation of the real estate and enforcement of a personal guarantee, if any exists. The primary repayment risk for a commercial real estate loan is the potential loss of revenue of the business which could impact the cash flows, and fair value of the property.

Residential Real Estate Loans.  Residential real estate lending has been an important part of the Bank s business since its formation in 1963.  The majority of the residential real estate loans originated and retained by the Bank are in the form of 15- and 30-year variable rate loans.  The Bank also originates 15- to 30-year fixed rate residential mortgages and sells most of these loans to outside investors.  In 2015, the Bank originated approximately $68.3 million in residential real estate loans sold to third parties. As of December 31, 2015, the total sold residential mortgage loan portfolio serviced by the Bank on behalf of third parties was $865.6 million.  The Bank does not engage in financing sub-prime loans nor does it participate in any sub-prime lending programs.  The Bank participates in the current U.S. Department of the Treasury (the  Treasury ) programs, including the Home Affordable Modification Program, to work with borrowers who are in danger of, or who have defaulted on residential mortgage loans.

Construction Loans.  The Bank is active in financing the construction of residential and commercial properties in New Mexico, primarily in Northern New Mexico.  Management continues to de-emphasize this type of lending in favor of other types of loans.    The Bank manages the risks of construction lending through the use of underwriting and construction loan guidelines and requires work be conducted by reputable contractors.  Construction loans are structured either to convert to permanent loans at the end of the construction phase or to be paid off upon receiving financing from another financial institution.  The amount financed on construction loans is based on the appraised value of the property, as determined by an independent appraiser, and an analysis of the potential marketability and profitability of the project and the costs of construction.  Approximately 40% of all construction loans have terms that do not exceed 24 months.  Loan proceeds are typically disbursed on a percentage of completion basis, as determined by inspections, with all construction required to be completed prior to the final disbursement of funds.

Construction loans afford the Bank an opportunity to receive yields higher than those obtainable on adjustable rate mortgage loans secured by existing residential properties.  However, these higher yields correspond to the higher risks associated with construction lending.

Commercial Loans.  The Bank is an active commercial lender.  The Bank s focus in commercial lending concentrates on loans to business services companies and retailers.  The Bank provides various credit products to commercial customers, including lines of credit for working capital and operational purposes and term loans for the acquisition of equipment and other purposes.  Collateral on commercial loans typically includes accounts receivable, furniture, fixtures, inventory and equipment.  In addition, most commercial loans have personal guarantees to ensure repayment.  The terms of approximately 60% of commercial loans range from one to seven years.  A significant portion of the Bank s commercial business loans reprice within one year or have floating interest rates.

Consumer Loans.  The Bank also provides all types of consumer loans, including motor vehicle, home improvement, credit cards, signature loans and small personal credit lines.  Consumer loans typically have shorter terms and lower balances with higher yields compared to the Bank s other loans, but generally carry higher risks of default.  Consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and thus are more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances.

Additional information on the risks associated with banking activities and products and concentrations can be found under Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of this Form 10-K.

6 

Table of Contents 

Competition.  There is strong competition, both in originating loans and in attracting deposits, in the Bank s market areas.  Competition in originating real estate loans comes primarily from large regional banks, other commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions and mortgage bankers making loans secured by real estate located in the Bank s market areas. Commercial banks, credit unions and finance companies, including finance company affiliates of automobile manufacturers, provide vigorous competition in consumer lending.  The Bank competes for real estate and other loans principally on the basis of the interest rates and loan fees charged, the types of loans originated and the quality and speed of services provided to borrowers.  Insurance companies and internet-based financial institutions present growing areas of competition both for loans and deposits.

There is substantial competition in attracting deposits from other commercial banks, savings institutions, money market and mutual funds, credit unions and other investment vehicles.  The Bank s ability to attract and retain deposits depends on its ability to provide investment opportunities that satisfy the requirements of investors as to rate of return, liquidity, risk and other factors.  The financial services industry has become more competitive as technological advances enable companies to provide financial services to customers outside their traditional geographic markets and provide alternative methods for financial transactions.  These technological advances may diminish the importance of depository institutions and other financial intermediaries in the transfer of funds between parties.

Employees.    As of December 31, 2015, we had 307 full time-equivalent employees.  As of June 30, 2016, the number of full-time equivalent employees has been reduced to 296. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements.

Supervision and Regulation

General.    Financial institutions, their holding companies and their affiliates are extensively regulated under federal and state law.  As a result, the growth and earnings performance of Trinity may be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by requirements of federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the OCC, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  FRB ), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the  FDIC ) and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ).  Furthermore, taxation laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) and securities laws administered by the SEC and state securities authorities have an impact on the business of Trinity. The effect of these statutes, regulations, regulatory policies and accounting rules are significant to the operations and results of Trinity and the Bank, and the nature and extent of future legislative, regulatory or other changes affecting financial institutions are impossible to predict with any certainty.

Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of financial institutions, their holding companies and affiliates that is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC-insured deposits and depositors of banks, rather than stockholders.  These federal and state laws, and the regulations of the bank regulatory agencies issued under them, affect, among other factors, the scope of business, the kinds and amounts of investments banks may make, reserve requirements, capital levels relative to operations, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, the ability to merge, consolidate and acquire, dealings with insiders and affiliates and the payment of dividends.  The nature and extent of future legislative, regulatory or other changes affecting financial institutions are impossible to predict with any certainty.

This supervisory and regulatory framework subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that are not publicly available and that can impact the conduct and growth of their business. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other factors, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies.

The following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to Trinity and the Bank.  It does not describe all of the statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it restate all of the requirements of those that are described.  The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision.

7 

Table of Contents 

Financial Regulatory Reform.   On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) into law.  The Dodd-Frank Act represents a sweeping reform of the U.S. supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to financial institutions and capital markets in the wake of the global financial crisis, certain aspects of which are described below in more detail. In particular, and among other  factors , the Dodd-Frank Act: created a Financial Stability Oversight Council as part of a regulatory structure for identifying emerging systemic risks and improving interagency cooperation; created the CFPB, which is authorized to regulate providers of consumer credit, savings, payment and other consumer financial products and services; narrowed the scope of federal preemption of state consumer laws enjoyed by national banks and federal savings associations and expanded the authority of state attorneys general to bring actions to enforce federal consumer protection legislation; imposed more stringent capital requirements on bank holding companies and subjected certain activities, including interstate mergers and acquisitions, to heightened capital conditions; with respect to mortgage lending, (i) significantly expanded  requirements applicable to loans secured by 1-4 family residential real property, (ii) imposed strict rules on mortgage servicing, and (iii) required the originator of a securitized loan, or the sponsor of a securitization, to retain at least 5% of the credit risk of securitized exposures unless the underlying exposures are qualified residential mortgages or meet certain underwriting standards; repealed the prohibition on the payment of interest on business checking accounts; restricted the interchange fees payable on debit card transactions for issuers with $10 billion in assets or greater; in the so-called  Volcker Rule,  subject to numerous exceptions, prohibited depository institutions and affiliates from certain investments in, and sponsorship of, hedge funds and private equity funds and from engaging in proprietary trading; provided for enhanced regulation of advisers to private funds and of the derivatives markets; enhanced oversight of credit rating agencies; and prohibited banking agency requirements tied to credit ratings. These statutory changes shifted the regulatory framework for financial institutions, impacted the way in which they do business and have the potential to constrain revenues. 

Numerous provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act are required to be implemented through rulemaking by the appropriate federal regulatory agencies.  Although the majority of the Dodd-Frank Act s rulemaking requirements have been met with finalized rules, approximately one-third of the rulemaking requirements are either still in the proposal stage or have not yet been proposed.  Accordingly, it is difficult to anticipate the continued impact this expansive legislation will have on Trinity, the Bank, its customers and the financial industry generally.  Furthermore, while the reforms primarily target systemically important financial service providers, their influence is expected to filter down in varying degrees to smaller institutions over time. Management of Trinity and the Bank will continue to evaluate the effect of the Dodd-Frank Act changes; however  n o current assurance may be given that the Dodd-Frank Act, or any other new legislative changes, will not have a negative impact on the results of operations and financial condition of Trinity and the Bank. 

Trinity and Bank Required Capital Levels.  Due to the risks to their business, depository institutions are generally required to hold more capital than other businesses, which directly affects earnings capabilities. While capital has historically been one of the key measures of the financial health of both bank holding companies and banks, its role is becoming fundamentally more important in the wake of the global financial crisis, as the banking regulators recognized that the amount and quality of capital held by banks prior to the crisis was insufficient to absorb losses during periods of severe stress.  Certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III, discussed below, establish strengthened capital standards for banks and bank holding companies, require more capital to be held in the form of common stock and disallow certain funds from being included in capital determinations. Once fully implemented, these standards will represent regulatory capital requirements that are meaningfully more stringent than those in place historically.

Bank regulatory agencies are uniformly encouraging banks and bank holding companies to be  well-capitalized  and, to that end, federal law and regulations provide various incentives for banking organizations to maintain regulatory capital at levels in excess of minimum regulatory requirements. For example, a banking organization that is  well-capitalized  may: (i) qualify for exemptions from prior notice or application requirements otherwise applicable to certain types of activities; (ii) qualify for expedited processing of other required notices or applications; and (iii) accept brokered deposits.

8 

Table of Contents 

The OCC and FRB guidelines also provide that banks and bank holding companies experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions will be expected to maintain capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels without significant reliance on intangible assets. Furthermore, the guidelines indicate that the agencies will continue to consider a  tangible Tier 1 leverage ratio  (deducting all intangibles) in evaluating proposals for expansion or to engage in new activities.

Higher capital levels may also be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual banking organizations. For example, the FRB s capital guidelines contemplate that additional capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other factors, interest rate risk, or the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities or securities trading activities. Further, any banking organization experiencing or anticipating significant growth would be expected to maintain capital ratios, including tangible capital positions (i.e., Tier 1 Capital less all intangible assets), well above the minimum levels.

As of December 31, 2015, the Bank exceeded its minimum regulatory capital requirements under OCC capital adequacy guidelines.  However, as discussed under    The Bank   Enforcement Action,  the Bank has agreed with the OCC to maintain certain heightened regulatory capital ratios.  As of December 31, 2015, the Bank exceeded the heightened regulatory capital ratios to which it had agreed.  As of December 31, 2015, Trinity had regulatory capital in excess of the FRB s requirements and met the Dodd-Frank Act requirements.

Basel III.  After an extended rulemaking process that included a prolonged comment period, in July 2013, the U.S. federal banking agencies approved the implementation of the Basel III regulatory capital reforms in pertinent part, and, at the same time, promulgated rules effecting certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act (the  Basel III Rule ).  In contrast to capital requirements historically, which were in the form of guidelines, Basel III was released in the form of regulations by each of the agencies.  The Basel III Rule is applicable to all U.S. banks that are subject to minimum capital requirements, including federal and state banks and savings and loan associations, as well as to bank and savings and loan holding companies other than  small bank holding companies  (generally bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than $1 billion).

The Basel III Rule not only increases most of the required minimum capital ratios, but it introduces the concept of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, which consists primarily of common stock, related surplus (net of Treasury stock), retained earnings, and Common Equity Tier 1 minority interests subject to certain regulatory adjustments.  The Basel III Rule also expanded the definition of capital as in effect currently by establishing more stringent criteria that instruments must meet to be considered Additional Tier 1 Capital (Tier 1 Capital in addition to Common Equity) and Tier 2 Capital.  A number of instruments qualified as Tier 1 Capital prior to Basel III implementation do not qualify, or their qualifications have changed. For example, cumulative preferred stock and certain hybrid capital instruments, including trust preferred securities, no longer qualify as Tier 1 Capital of any kind, with the exception, subject to certain restrictions, of such instruments issued before May 10, 2010, by bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of less than $15 billion as of December 31, 2009. For those institutions, trust preferred securities and other non-qualifying capital instruments currently included in consolidated Tier 1 Capital are permanently grandfathered under the Basel III Rule, subject to certain restrictions.   Noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, which now qualifies as simple Tier 1 Capital, will not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, but will qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital. The Basel III Rule also constrains the inclusion of minority interests, mortgage-servicing assets, and deferred tax assets in capital and requires deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital in the event such assets exceed a certain percentage of a bank s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital.

The Basel III Rule requires:

A new required ratio of minimum Common Equity Tier 1 equal to 4.5% of risk-weighted assets;

An increase in the minimum required amount of Tier 1 Capital from the current level of 4% of total assets to 6% of risk-weighted assets;

A continuation of the current minimum required amount of Total Capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) at 8% of risk-weighted assets; and

A minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total assets equal to 4% in all circumstances.

Trinity and the Bank are also required to maintain a  capital conservation buffer  of 2.5% above the new regulatory minimum risk-based capital requirements. The purpose of the conservation buffer is to ensure that banks maintain a buffer of capital that can be used to absorb losses during periods of financial and economic stress.  The capital conservation buffer will begin to be phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and will increase by that amount each year until fully implemented in January 2019.  An institution would be subject to limitations on certain activities, including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers, if its capital level is below the buffered ratio. Factoring in the fully phased-in conservation buffer increases the minimum ratios described above to 7.0% for Common Equity Tier 1, 8.5% for Tier 1 Capital and 10.5% for Total Capital.

9 

Table of Contents 

The Basel III Rule maintains the general structure of the current prompt corrective action framework, while incorporating the increased requirements. The prompt corrective action guidelines were also revised to add the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio.  In order to be a  well-capitalized  depository institution under the new regime, a bank must maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6.5% or more; a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 8.0% or more; a Total Capital ratio of 10.0% or more; and a leverage ratio of 5.0% or more.  It is possible under the Basel III Rule to be well-capitalized while remaining out of compliance with the capital conservation buffer discussed above.

The Basel III Rule revises a number of the risk weightings (or their methodologies) for bank assets that are used to determine the capital ratios. For nearly every class of assets, the Basel III Rule requires a more complex, detailed and calibrated assessment of credit risk and calculation of risk weightings. While Basel III would have changed the risk-weighting for residential mortgage loans based on loan-to-value ratios and certain product and underwriting characteristics, there was concern in the United States that the proposed methodology for risk weighting residential mortgage exposures and the higher risk weightings for certain types of mortgage products would increase costs to consumers and reduce their access to mortgage credit. As a result, the Basel III Rule does not effect this change, and banks will continue to apply a risk weight of 50% or 100% to their exposure from residential mortgages, with the risk weighting depending on, among other factors, whether the mortgage was a prudently underwritten first lien mortgage.

Furthermore, there was significant concern noted by the financial industry in connection with the Basel III rulemaking as to the proposed treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ). Basel III requires unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities to flow through to regulatory capital as opposed to the current treatment, which neutralizes such effects.  Recognizing the problem for community banks, the U.S. bank regulatory agencies adopted the Basel III Rule with a one-time election for smaller institutions like Trinity and the Bank to opt out of including most elements of AOCI in regulatory capital.  This opt-out, which was required to be made in the first quarter of 2015, excluded from regulatory capital both unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities and accumulated net gains and losses on cash-flow hedges and amounts attributable to defined benefit post-retirement plans. Trinity made the opt-out election in the first quarter of 2015.

Generally, financial institutions (except for large, internationally active financial institutions) became subject to the new rules on January 1, 2015.  However, there are separate phase-in/phase-out periods for: (i) the capital conservation buffer; (ii) regulatory capital adjustments and deductions; (iii) non-qualifying capital instruments; and (iv) changes to the prompt corrective action rules. The phase-in periods commence on January 1, 2016 and extend until 2019.

Prompt Corrective Action  .   A banking organization s capital plays an important role in connection with regulatory enforcement as well.  Federal law provides the federal banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized institutions.  The extent of the regulators  powers depends on whether the institution in question is  adequately capitalized,   undercapitalized,   significantly undercapitalized  or  critically undercapitalized,  in each case as defined by regulation.  Depending upon the capital category to which an institution is assigned, the regulators  corrective powers include: (i) requiring the institution to submit a capital restoration plan; (ii) limiting the institution s asset growth and restricting its activities; (iii) requiring the institution to issue additional capital stock (including additional voting stock) or to be acquired; (iv) restricting transactions between the institution and its affiliates; (v) restricting the interest rate that the institution may pay on deposits; (vi) ordering a new election of directors of the institution; (vii) requiring that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; (viii) prohibiting the institution from accepting deposits from correspondent banks; (ix) requiring the institution to divest certain subsidiaries; (x) prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt; and (xi) ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution.

10 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2015, the Bank exceeded its minimum regulatory capital requirements under OCC capital adequacy guidelines and the heightened regulatory capital ratios discussed under  The Bank   Enforcement Action .  As of December 31, 2015, Trinity had regulatory capital in excess of the FRB s requirements and met the Dodd-Frank Act requirements.

Trinity

General.   Trinity, as the sole stockholder of the Bank, is a bank holding company.  As a bank holding company, Trinity is registered with, and is subject to regulation and examination by, the FRB under the BHCA.  In accordance with FRB policy, and as now codified by the Dodd-Frank Act, Trinity is legally obligated to act as a source of financial strength to the Bank and to commit resources to support the Bank in circumstances where Trinity might not otherwise do so.  Trinity is required to file with the FRB periodic reports of Trinity s operations and such additional information regarding Trinity and its subsidiaries as the FRB may require.

Enforcement Action.   On September 26, 2013, the FRB entered into a Written Agreement with Trinity (the  Written Agreement ).  The Written Agreement requires Trinity to serve as a source of strength to the Bank and restricts Trinity s ability to issue dividends and other capital distributions and to repurchase or redeem any Trinity stock without the prior written approval of the FRB.  The Written Agreement further requires that Trinity implement a capital plan, subject to approval by the FRB, and submit cash flow projections to the FRB.  Finally, the Written Agreement requires Trinity to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide quarterly progress reports to the FRB.

Because Trinity is deemed to be in  troubled condition  by virtue of the Written Agreement, it also is required to: (i) obtain the prior approval of the FRB for the appointment of new directors and the hiring or promotion of senior executive officers; and (ii) comply with restrictions on severance payments and indemnification payments to institution-affiliated parties.

Acquisitions, Change in Control, and Activities  .     The primary purpose of a bank holding company is to control and manage banks.    The BHCA generally requires the prior approval of the FRB for any merger involving a bank holding company or any acquisition by a bank holding company of another bank or bank holding company.  Subject to certain conditions (including deposit concentration limits established by the BHCA and the Dodd-Frank Act), the FRB may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks located in any state of the United States. In approving interstate acquisitions, the FRB is required to give effect to applicable state law limitations on the aggregate amount of deposits that may be held by the acquiring bank holding company and its insured depository institution affiliates in the state in which the target bank is located (provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state depository institutions or their holding companies) and state laws that require the target bank be in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) before being acquired by an out-of-state bank holding company.  Furthermore, in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies must be well-capitalized and well-managed in order to effect interstate mergers or acquisitions.

Under the BHCA, Trinity must obtain prior approval of the FRB or, acting under delegated authority, the appropriate Federal Reserve Bank before (1) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any class of voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after the acquisition, Trinity would directly or indirectly own or control 5% or more of the class; (2) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company; or (3) merging or consolidating with another bank holding company.

Under the BHCA, any company must obtain approval of the FRB or, acting under delegated authority, the appropriate Federal Reserve Bank, prior to acquiring control of Trinity or the Bank.  For purposes of the BHCA,  control  is defined as ownership of 25% or more of any class of voting securities of Trinity or the Bank, the ability to control the election of a majority of the directors, or exercise of a controlling influence over management or policies of Trinity or the Bank.

The Change in Bank Control Act, as amended (the  CIBC ), and the related regulations of the FRB require any person or groups of persons acting in concert (except for companies required to make application under the BHCA), to file a written notice with the FRB or, acting under delegated authority, the appropriate Federal Reserve Bank, before the person or group acquires control of Trinity. The CIBC defines  control  as the direct or indirect power to vote 25% or more of any class of voting securities or to direct the management or policies of a bank holding company or an insured bank. A rebuttable presumption of control arises under the CIBC where a person or group controls 10% or more, but less than 25%, of a class of the voting stock of a company or insured bank which is a reporting company under the Exchange Act, such as Trinity, or such ownership interest is greater than the ownership interest held by any other person or group.

11 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the CIBC prohibits any entity from acquiring 25% (5% in the case of an acquirer that is a bank holding company) or more of a bank holding company s or bank s voting securities, or otherwise obtaining control or a controlling influence over a bank holding company or bank without the approval of the FRB. On September 22, 2008, the FRB issued a policy statement on equity investments in bank holding companies and banks, which allows the FRB to generally be able to conclude that an entity s investment is not  controlling  if the investment in the form of voting and nonvoting shares represents in the aggregate (i) less than one-third of the total equity of the banking organization (and less than one-third of any class of voting securities, assuming conversion of all convertible nonvoting securities held by the entity) and (ii) less than 15% of any class of voting securities of the banking organization.

The BHCA generally prohibits Trinity from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than that of banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing services to banks and their subsidiaries.  This general prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The principal exception allows bank holding companies to engage in, and to own shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the FRB prior to November 11, 1999 to be  so closely related to banking ... as to be a proper incident thereto.   This authority would permit Trinity to engage in a variety of banking-related businesses, including the ownership and operation of a savings association, or any entity engaged in consumer finance, equipment leasing, the operation of a computer service bureau (including software development) and mortgage banking and brokerage. The BHCA generally does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of non-bank subsidiaries of bank holding companies.

Additionally, bank holding companies that meet certain eligibility requirements prescribed by the BHCA and elect to operate as financial holding companies may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of nonbanking activities, including securities and insurance underwriting and sales, merchant banking and any other activity that the FRB, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines by regulation or order is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity or that the FRB determines by order to be complementary to any such financial activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally.  Trinity does not currently operate as a financial holding company.

U.S. Government Investment in Bank Holding Companies.   In response to the 2008 financial crisis affecting the U.S. banking system and financial markets, on October 3, 2008, the U.S. Congress passed, and President Bush signed into law, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (the  EESA ).  The EESA authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to implement various temporary emergency programs designed to strengthen the capital positions of financial institutions and stimulate the availability of credit within the U.S. financial system.  Financial institutions participating in certain of the programs established under the EESA are required to adopt the Treasury s standards for executive compensation and corporate governance.

On October 14, 2008, the Treasury announced a program that provided Tier 1 Capital (in the form of perpetual preferred stock and common stock warrants) to eligible financial institutions.  This program, known as the TARP Capital Purchase Program (the  CPP ), allocated $250 billion from the $700 billion authorized by EESA to the Treasury for the purchase of senior preferred shares from qualifying financial institutions.  Eligible institutions were able to sell equity interests to the Treasury in amounts equal to between 1% and 3% of the institution s risk-weighted assets.  Trinity determined participation in the CPP to be in its best interests based upon the economic uncertainties of the deep recession, the benefits of holding additional capital and the relatively low cost of participation.

As part of this program, on March 27, 2009, Trinity participated in this program by issuing 35,539 shares of Trinity s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the  Series A Preferred Stock ) to the Treasury for a purchase price of $35.5 million in cash and issued warrants that were immediately exercised by the Treasury for 1,777 shares of Trinity s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (the  Series B Preferred Stock ).  The Series A Preferred Stock is non-voting and pays dividends at the rate of 5% per annum for the first five years and thereafter at a rate of 9% per annum.  The Series B Preferred Stock is also non-voting and pays dividends at the rate of 9% per annum from the date of the transaction.

12 

Table of Contents 

Participating financial institutions were required to adopt the Treasury s standards for executive compensation and corporate governance for the period during which the Treasury held equity issued under the CPP.  These requirements were no longer applicable to Trinity effective August 10, 2012, the date Treasury sold its ownership of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock to third parties.

Dividend Payments.     In addition to applicable restrictions in the Written Agreement, Trinity s ability to pay dividends to its stockholders also may be affected by both general corporate law considerations and policies of the FRB applicable to bank holding companies. New Mexico law prohibits Trinity from paying dividends if, after giving effect to the dividend: (i) Trinity would be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of its business; or (ii) Trinity s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities and (unless Trinity s articles of incorporation otherwise permit) the maximum amount that then would be payable, in any liquidation, in respect of all outstanding shares having preferential rights in liquidation.

Further, the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock (collectively  Preferred Stock ) provide that no dividends on any common or preferred stock that ranks equal to or junior to the Preferred Stock may be paid unless and until all accrued and unpaid dividends for all past dividend periods on the Preferred Stock have been fully paid.  Similarly, the terms of the trust preferred securities include a restriction on the payment of dividends on any common or preferred stock that ranks equal or junior to such trust preferred securities unless and until all accrued and unpaid interest for all past periods have been fully paid.  As discussed in Part II, Item 8, Footnote 10 of this Form 10-K, Trinity is currently deferring dividends and interest payments on these securities in accordance with their terms.

As a general matter, the FRB has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends to stockholders if:  (i) the company s net income available to stockholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the prospective rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios.  The FRB also possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations.  Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the payment of dividends by banks and bank holding companies.  As discussed above in  Trinity   Enforcement Action,  the Written Agreement restricts the ability of Trinity to pay dividends without FRB approval.

Source of Strength.   Under the FRB's  source-of-strength  doctrine, a bank holding company is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to any of its subsidiary banks. The holding company is expected to commit resources to support a subsidiary bank, including at times when the holding company may not be in a financial position to provide such support. A bank holding company's failure to meet its source-of-strength obligations may constitute an unsafe and unsound practice or a violation of the FRB's regulations, or both. The source-of-strength doctrine most directly affects bank holding companies in situations where the bank holding company's subsidiary bank fails to maintain adequate capital levels. This doctrine was codified by the Dodd-Frank Act, but the FRB has not yet adopted regulations to implement this requirement.

Federal Securities Regulation.   Trinity s common stock is registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Exchange Act. Consequently, Trinity is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading and other restrictions and requirements of the SEC under the Exchange Act.

Corporate Governance  .   The Dodd-Frank Act addresses many investor protections, corporate governance and executive compensation matters that will affect most U.S. publicly traded companies.  T he Dodd-Frank Act will increase stockholder influence over boards of directors by requiring companies to give stockholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation and so-called  golden parachute  payments, and authorizing the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow stockholders to nominate and solicit voters for their own candidates using a company s proxy materials. The legislation also directs the FRB to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of bank holding companies, regardless of whether such companies are publicly traded. 

13 

Table of Contents 

The Bank

General.   The Bank is a national bank, chartered by the OCC under the National Bank Act.  The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund (the  DIF ) to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations, and the Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System.  As a national bank, the Bank is subject to the examination, supervision, reporting and enforcement requirements of the OCC. The FDIC, as administrator of the DIF, also has regulatory authority over the Bank.  The Bank is also a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions.

Enforcement Actions.   On November 30, 2012, the Bank entered into a Formal Agreement with the OCC (the  Formal Agreement ). On December 17, 2013, the Bank entered into a Consent Order with the OCC (the  Consent Order ).  The focus of the Consent Order, which terminated the Bank s Formal Agreement, is on improving the Bank s credit administration, credit underwriting, internal controls, compliance and management supervision.  Additionally, the Consent Order requires that the Bank maintain certain capital ratios and receive approval of the OCC prior to declaring dividends.  The Consent Order requires the Bank to maintain the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 8%; and (ii) a Total risk-based capital ratio of at least 11%.  This requirement to meet and maintain a specific capital level in the Consent Order means that the Bank may not be deemed to be  well capitalized  under the prompt corrective action rules.

Because the Bank is deemed to be in  troubled condition  by virtue of the Consent Order, it also is required to: (i) obtain the prior approval of the OCC for the appointment of new directors and the hiring or promotion of senior executive officers; and (ii) comply with restrictions on severance payments and indemnification payments to institution-affiliated parties.

Deposit Insurance  .   The Dodd-Frank Act permanently increases the maximum amount of deposit insurance for bank, savings institutions, and credit unions to $250,000 per insured depositor, retroactive to January 1, 2009.  As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC.  The FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system whereby FDIC-insured depository institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk classification.  An institution s risk classification is assigned based on its capital levels and the level of supervisory concern the institution poses to the regulators.

Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act an institution s assessment base is calculated based on its average consolidated total assets less its average tangible equity. This may shift the burden of deposit insurance premiums toward those large depository institutions that rely on funding sources other than U.S. deposits.  Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act makes changes to the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF, increasing the minimum from 1.15% to 1.35% of the estimated amount of total insured deposits, and eliminating the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds.  The FDIC has until September 3, 2020 to meet the 1.35% reserve ratio target. Several of these provisions could increase the Bank s FDIC deposit insurance premiums.

In addition, all FDIC-insured institutions are required to pay assessments to the FDIC to fund interest payments on bonds issued by the Financing Corporation ( FICO ), an agency of the federal government established to recapitalize the predecessor to the DIF. These assessments, which are included in Deposit Insurance Premiums on the Consolidated Statements of Income, will continue until the FICO bonds mature between 2017 and 2019.

Supervisory Assessments  .   National banks are required to pay supervisory assessments to the OCC to fund the operations of the OCC.  The amount of the assessment is calculated using a formula that takes into account the bank s size and its supervisory condition.    During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Bank paid supervisory assessments to the OCC totaling $648 thousand and $662 thousand, respectively.

Dividend Payments.   The primary source of funds for Trinity is dividends from the Bank.  Under the National Bank Act, a national bank may pay dividends out of its undivided profits in such amounts and at such times as the bank s board of directors deems prudent.  Without prior OCC approval, however, a national bank may not pay dividends in any calendar year that, in the aggregate, exceed the bank s year-to-date net income plus the bank s retained net income for the two preceding years.

14 

Table of Contents 

The payment of dividends by any financial institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a financial institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized.

The Bank may not pay any dividend unless it complies with certain provisions of the Consent Order and receives a prior written determination of no supervisory objection from the OCC.

Insider Transactions.   The Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on  covered transactions  between the Bank and its  affiliates.  Trinity is an affiliate of the Bank for purposes of these restrictions, and covered transactions subject to the restrictions include extensions of credit to Trinity, investments in the stock or other securities of Trinity and the acceptance of the stock or other securities of Trinity as collateral for loans made by the Bank.  The Dodd-Frank Act enhances the requirements for certain transactions with affiliates as of July 21, 2011, including an expansion of the definition of  covered transactions  and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be maintained.

Certain limitations and reporting requirements are also placed on extensions of credit by the Bank to its directors and officers, to directors and officers of Trinity and its subsidiaries, to principal stockholders of Trinity and to  related interests  of such directors, officers and principal stockholders.  In addition, federal law and regulations may affect the terms upon which any person who is a director or officer of Trinity or the Bank, or a principal stockholder of Trinity, may obtain credit from banks with which the Bank maintains a correspondent relationship.

Safety and Soundness Standards/ Risk Management.   The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines that establish operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of federally insured depository institutions.  The guidelines set forth standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings.

In general, the safety and soundness guidelines prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals.  If an institution fails to comply with any of the standards set forth in the guidelines, the institution s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining compliance. If an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order directing the institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the institution s rate of growth, require the institution to increase its capital, restrict the rates the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance with the standards established by the safety and soundness guidelines may also constitute grounds for other enforcement action by the federal banking regulators, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments.

During the past decade, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating the activities of the institutions they supervise.  Properly managing risks has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation, and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets.  The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal, and reputational risk. In particular, recent regulatory pronouncements have focused on operational risk, which arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, breaches in internal controls, fraud, or unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. The Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures, and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring, and management information systems; and comprehensive internal controls.

Branching Authority  .     National banks headquartered in New Mexico, such as the Bank, have the same branching rights in New Mexico as banks chartered under New Mexico law, subject to OCC approval.  New Mexico law grants New Mexico-chartered banks the authority to establish branches anywhere in the State of New Mexico, subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals.

15 

Table of Contents 

Federal law permits state and national banks to merge with banks in other states subject to: (i) regulatory approval; (ii) federal and state deposit concentration limits; and (iii) state law limitations requiring the merging bank to have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) prior to the merger.  The establishment of new interstate branches or the acquisition of individual branches of a bank in another state (rather than the acquisition of an out-of-state bank in its entirety) has historically been permitted only in those states in which the laws expressly authorize such expansion. However, the Dodd-Frank Act permits well-capitalized and well-managed banks to establish new branches across state lines without these impediments.

Financial Subsidiaries.   Under federal law and OCC regulations, national banks are authorized to engage,  through  financial subsidiaries,  in any activity that is permissible for a financial holding company and any activity that the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the FRB, determines is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity, except (i) insurance underwriting, (ii) real estate development or real estate investment activities (unless otherwise permitted by law), (iii) insurance company portfolio investments and (iv) merchant banking.  The authority of a national bank to invest in a financial subsidiary is subject to a number of conditions, including, among other factors, requirements that the bank must be well-managed and well-capitalized (after deducting from capital the bank s outstanding investments in financial subsidiaries).  The Bank has not applied for approval to establish any financial subsidiaries. 

Transaction Account Reserves.    FRB regulations require depository institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily negotiable order of withdrawal and regular checking accounts).  For 2015, the first $14.5 million of otherwise reservable balances are exempt from the reserve requirements; for transaction accounts aggregating more than $14.5 million to $103.6 million, the reserve requirement is 3% of total transaction accounts; and for net transaction accounts in excess of $103.6 million, the reserve requirement is $2.67 million plus 10% of the aggregate amount of total transaction accounts in excess of $103.6 million.  These reserve requirements are subject to annual adjustment by the FRB.  The Bank is in compliance with the foregoing requirements. 

Federal Home Loan Bank System.   The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas (the  FHLB ), which serves as a central credit facility for its members. The FHLB is funded primarily from proceeds from the sale of obligations of the FHLB system. It makes loans to member banks in the form of FHLB advances. All advances from the FHLB are required to be fully collateralized as determined by the FHLB.

Community Reinvestment Act Requirements.   The Community Reinvestment Act requires the Bank to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods.  Federal regulators regularly assess the Bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its communities. Applications for additional acquisitions would be affected by the evaluation of the Bank s effectiveness in meeting its Community Reinvestment Act obligations.

Anti-Money Laundering and Know-Your-Customer.   The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the  Patriot Act ) is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The Patriot Act mandates financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures designed to address any or all of the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii) money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between financial institutions and law enforcement authorities.  The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network has proposed new regulations that would require financial institutions to obtain beneficial ownership information for certain accounts, however, it has yet to establish final regulations on this topic.

Bank Secrecy Act, Anti-Money Laundering and Know-Your-Customer.   Trinity and the Bank are also subject to the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, which gives the federal government powers to address money laundering and terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, and mandatory transaction reporting obligations. The Bank Secrecy Act imposes an affirmative obligation on the Bank to report currency transactions that exceed certain thresholds and to report other transactions determined to be suspicious. The Bank Secrecy Act requires that all banking institutions develop and provide for the continued administration of a program reasonably designed to assure and monitor compliance with certain recordkeeping and reporting requirements regarding both domestic and international currency transactions. These programs must, at a minimum, provide for a system of internal controls to assure ongoing compliance, provide for independent testing of such systems and compliance, designate individuals responsible for such compliance and provide appropriate personnel training.

16 

Table of Contents 

UDAP and UDAAP.   Banking regulatory agencies use a general consumer protection statute to address  unethical  or otherwise  bad  business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer finance law.  The law of choice for enforcement against such business practices has been Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, referred to as the FTC Act, which is the primary federal law that prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices, referred to as UDAP, and unfair methods of competition in or affecting commerce.  Unjustified consumer injury  is the principal focus of the FTC Act. Prior to the Dodd-Frank Act, there was little formal guidance to provide insight to the parameters for compliance with UDAP laws and regulations. However, UDAP laws and regulations have been expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to  unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices,  referred to as UDAAP, which have been delegated to the CFPB for rule-making. The federal banking agencies have the authority to enforce such rules and regulations.

Commercial Real Estate Guidance.   The interagency Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices guidance ( CRE Guidance ) provides supervisory criteria, including the following numerical indicators, to assist bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially significant commercial real estate loan concentrations that may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: (i) commercial real estate loans exceeding 300% of capital and increasing 50% or more in the preceding three years; or (ii) construction and land development loans exceeding 100% of capital. The CRE Guidance does not limit banks  levels of commercial real estate lending activities, but rather guides institutions in developing risk management practices and levels of capital that are commensurate with the level and nature of their commercial real estate concentrations. Based on the Bank s current loan portfolio, the Bank does not exceed these guidelines. On December 18, 2015, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a  Statement on Prudent Risk Management for Commercial Real Estate Lending  reminding banks of the need to engage in risk management practices for commercial real estate lending.

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  The CFPB was created under the Dodd-Frank Act to centralize responsibility for consumer financial protection with broad rulemaking, supervision and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that would apply to all banks and thrifts, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth-in Lending Act ( TILA ), Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act ( RESPA ), Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Act, the Consumer Financial Privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and certain other statutes. Banking institutions with total assets of $10 billion or less, such as the Bank, remain subject to the supervision and enforcement of their primary federal banking regulator with respect to the federal consumer financial protection laws and such additional regulations as may be adopted by the CFPB.

Effective January 10, 2013, the CFPB released its final  Ability-to-Repay/Qualified Mortgage  rules, which amended TILA s implementing regulation, Regulation Z. Regulation Z currently prohibits a creditor from making a higher-priced mortgage loan without regard to the consumer's ability to repay the loan. The final rule implements sections 1411 and 1412 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which generally require creditors to make a reasonable, good faith determination of a consumer's ability to repay any consumer credit transaction secured by a dwelling (excluding an open-end credit plan, timeshare plan, reverse mortgage, or temporary loan) and establishes certain protections from liability under this requirement for  qualified mortgages.  The final rule also implements section 1414 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which limits prepayment penalties. Finally, the final rule requires creditors to retain evidence of compliance with the rule for three years after a covered loan is consummated. This rule became effective January 10, 2014. The CFPB allowed for a small creditor exemption for banks with assets under $2 billion and that originate less than 500 mortgage loans in 2015. Beginning January 1, 2016, the small creditor exemption will be allowed for banks with assets under $2 billion and that originate less than 2,000 mortgage loans.

On November 20, 2013, pursuant to section 1032(f) of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB issued the Know Before You Owe TILA/RESPA Integrated Disclosure Rule ( TRID ), which combined the disclosures required under TILA and sections 4 and 5 of RESPA, into a single, integrated disclosure for mortgage loan transactions covered by those laws. TRID, which requires the use of a Loan Estimate that must be delivered or placed in the mail no later than the third business day after receiving the consumer s application and a Closing Disclosure that must be provided to the consumer at least three business days prior to consummation, became effective for applications received on or after October 3, 2015 for applicable closed-end consumer credit transactions secured by real property. Creditors must only use the Loan Estimate and Closing Disclosure forms for mortgage loan transactions subject to TRID. All other mortgage loan transactions continue to use the Good Faith Estimate and the Initial Truth-in-Lending Disclosure at application and the HUD-1 Settlement Statement and the Final Truth-in-Lending Disclosure at closing. TRID also has changed the scope of transactions applicable, and adjusted the tolerance requirements and record retention requirements. Of note, the creditor must retain evidence of compliance with the Loan Estimate requirements, including providing the Loan Estimate, and the Closing Disclosure requirements for three years after the later of the date of consummation, the date disclosures are required to be made or the date the action is required to be taken. Additionally, the creditor must retain copies of the Closing Disclosure, including all documents related to the Closing Disclosure, for five years after consummation.

17 

Table of Contents 

Foreclosure and Loan Modifications.  Federal and state laws further impact foreclosures and loan modifications, with many of such laws having the effect of delaying or impeding the foreclosure process on real estate secured loans in default. Mortgages on commercial property can be modified, such as by reducing the principal amount of the loan or the interest rate, or by extending the term of the loan, through plans confirmed under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. In recent years, legislation has been introduced in the U.S. Congress that would amend the Bankruptcy Code to permit courts to modify mortgages secured by residences, although at this time the enactment of such legislation is not presently proposed. The scope, duration and terms of potential future legislation with similar effect continue to be discussed. Trinity cannot predict whether any such legislation will be passed or the impact, if any, it would have on Trinity s business.

Servicing.   On January 17, 2013, the CFPB announced rules to implement certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to mortgage servicing. The new servicing rules require servicers to meet certain benchmarks for loan servicing and customer service in general.  Servicers must provide periodic billing statements and certain required notices and acknowledgments, promptly credit borrowers  accounts for payments received and promptly investigate complaints by borrowers and are required to take additional steps before purchasing insurance to protect the lender s interest in the property.  The servicing rules also call for additional notice, review and timing requirements with respect to delinquent borrowers, including early intervention, ongoing access to servicer personnel and specific loss mitigation and foreclosure procedures.  The rules provide for an exemption from most of these requirements for  small servicers.  A small servicer is defined as a loan servicer that services 5,000 or fewer mortgage loans and services only mortgage loans that they or an affiliate originated or own. The servicing rules took effect on January 10, 2014.

Additional Constraints on Trinity and Bank.

Monetary Policy  .  The monetary policy of the FRB has a significant effect on the operating results of financial or bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. Among the tools available to the FRB to affect the money supply are open market transactions in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.

The Volcker Rule.  In addition to other implications of the Dodd-Frank Act discussed above, the act amends the BHCA to require the federal regulatory agencies to adopt rules that prohibit banks and their affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading and investing in and sponsoring certain unregistered investment companies (defined as hedge funds and private equity funds).  This statutory provision is commonly called the  Volcker Rule.  On December 10, 2013, the federal regulatory agencies issued final rules to implement the prohibitions required by the Volcker Rule. Thereafter, in reaction to industry concern over the adverse impact to community banks of the treatment of certain collateralized debt instruments in the final rule, the federal regulatory agencies approved an interim final rule to permit banking entities to retain interests in collateralized debt obligations backed primarily by trust preferred securities ( TruPS CDOs ) from the investment prohibitions contained in the final rule. Under the interim final rule, the agencies permit the retention of an interest in or sponsorship of covered funds by banking entities under $15 billion in assets if the following qualifications are met:

The TruPS CDO was established, and the interest was issued, before May 19, 2010;

The banking entity reasonably believes that the offering proceeds received by the TruPS CDO were invested primarily in qualifying TruPS collateral; and

The banking entity s interest in the TruPS CDO was acquired on or before December 10, 2013.

The Volcker Rule became effective in July 2015.  While the Volcker Rule has produced significant implications for many large financial institutions, it has not had a material effect on the operations of Trinity or the Bank.  Trinity may incur costs if it is required to adopt additional policies and systems to ensure compliance with the Volcker Rule, but any such costs are not expected to be material.

18 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 
 
    Risk Factors

Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to various risks, including those discussed below. The risks discussed below are those that we believe are the most significant risks, although additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem less significant may also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, perhaps materially.  The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements.   In addition to the other information in this Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, stockholders or prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors:

Risks Related to Our Internal Review, Financial Statements, Internal Controls and Related Investigations

We have identified various material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which have materially adversely affected our ability to timely and accurately report our results of operations and financial condition. These material weaknesses have not been fully remediated as of the filing date of this Form 10-K and we cannot ensure that other material weaknesses will not be identified in the future.   Discussed under Part II, Item 9A  Controls and Procedures,  we concluded that, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, we had material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and that, as a result, our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting were not effective at such dates. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that creates a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.  See Part II, Item 9A  Controls and Procedures  for a detailed discussion of the material weaknesses identified and related remedial activities. Management anticipates that these remedial actions, and further actions that are being developed, will strengthen the Company s internal control over financial reporting and will, over time, address the material weaknesses that were identified.  Because some of these remedial actions will take place on a quarterly or annual basis, their successful implementation will continue to be evaluated before management is able to conclude that these material weaknesses have been remediated.  The Company cannot provide any assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or that the Company s internal control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts.  Moreover, we cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not arise or be identified in the future.

We continue our remediation activities and must also continue to improve our operational, information technology, financial systems, infrastructure, procedures, and controls, as well as continue to expand, train, retain, and manage our employee base.  Any difficulties we encounter during implementation could result in additional material weaknesses or in material misstatements in our financial statements. These misstatements could result in a future restatement of our financial statements, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, or could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Certain regulatory authorities have requested information and documentation relating to the restatement of our financial statements.   These government inquiries or any future inquiries to which we may become subject could result in penalties and/or other remedies that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation.  The SEC opened an investigation in January 2013 relating to the restatement of our financial statements, resulting in the announcement of a settlement with Trinity on September 28, 2015. The SEC also announced settlements with four former members of our senior management and filed suit against one former member of our senior management. While Trinity has settled all claims alleged by the SEC relating to the restatement, Trinity is required to cooperate in any proceedings, including the suit filed against the former members of management, and any other investigation relating to the restatement. The cooperation provisions and the lawsuit may result in a continuation of elevated legal expenses.  Additionally, the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program opened a criminal investigation and requested information and documentation relating to the restatement of our financial statements. The Company has been advised it is not the target of the investigation.

19 

Table of Contents 

The Company has incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses related to such investigations and inquiries.  The Company is cooperating fully with the investigations.  The Company cannot predict the outcome of any unresolved proceedings or whether we will face additional government inquiries, investigations, or other actions related to these or other matters. An adverse ruling in any regulatory proceeding or other action could impose upon us fines, penalties, or other remedies, which could have a material adverse effect on results of operations and financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending against regulatory proceedings or other actions, such an action or proceeding may continue to be time consuming, expensive, and distracting from the conduct of our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Pursuant to our obligation to indemnify our directors, executive officers and certain employees, we are currently covering certain expenses related to these matters and we may become subject to additional costly indemnification obligations to current or former officers, directors, or employees, which may or may not be covered by insurance.  Moreover, the regulatory authorities may disagree with the manner in which we have accounted for and reported the financial impact of the adjustments to previously filed financial statements.

We expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements.  We devoted substantial internal and external resources to the completion of the restatement and will continue to devote substantial internal and external resources to become current in filing our financial statements. As a result of these efforts, we have incurred and expect that we will continue to incur significant fees and expenses for additional auditor services, financial and other consulting services, and legal services. We expect that these fees and expenses will remain significantly higher than historical fees and expenses in this category for several quarters. These expenses, as well as the substantial time devoted by our management towards addressing these material weaknesses, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Following the filing of this Form 10-K, we will remain delayed in our SEC reporting obligations, we cannot predict when we will complete our remaining SEC filings for periods subsequent to those included in this Form 10-K, and we are likely to continue to face challenges until we complete these filings.  We continue to face challenges with regard to completing our remaining SEC filings for periods subsequent to those included in this Form 10-K. We remain delayed with our SEC reporting obligations as of the filing date of this report and have not yet completed our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for each of the quarters ended March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016, and September 30, 2016. Until we complete these filings and subsequent filings as they come due, we expect to face many of the risks and challenges we have experienced during our extended filing delay period, including:

continued concern on the part of customers, partners, investors, and employees about our financial condition and  extended  filing delay status, including potential loss of business opportunities; 

additional significant time and expense required to complete our remaining filings beyond the very significant time and expense we have already incurred in connection with our internal review, restatement and audits to date;

continued attention of our senior management team and our Board of Directors as we work to complete our remaining  filings ; 

limitations on our ability to raise capital in the public markets; and

general  reputational  harm as a result of the foregoing. 

The lack of current financial and operating information about the Company, along with the restatement of our consolidated financial statements and related events, have had, and likely will continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business.   The delay in producing current consolidated financial statements and related problems have had, and in the future may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and reputation. In addition, the negative publicity to which we have been subject as a result of our restatement of prior period financial statements and related problems has further contributed to declines in the price of our common stock, an increase in the regulatory scrutiny to which we are subject, and affect our customer relationships. Companies that restate their financial statements sometimes face litigation claims following such a restatement. On September 29, 2015, Trinity announced a settlement with the SEC stemming from the restatement of its financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2006 through 2011 and for the quarters ended March 31, 2012 and June 30, 2012, without admitting or denying any of the findings made by the SEC and paid a civil money penalty of $1.5 million to the SEC. It is possible that the Company may face additional monetary judgments, penalties or other sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

20 

Table of Contents 

As a result of the delay in completing our financial statements, we are currently unable to register securities with the SEC.  This may adversely affect our ability to raise capital and the cost of raising future capital.  As a result of the delay in completing our financial statements, we have been, and remain, unable to register securities for sale by us or for resale by other security holders, which adversely affects our ability to raise capital. Additionally, following the filing of this Form 10-K we will remain ineligible to use Form S-3 to register securities until we have timely filed all periodic reports under the Exchange Act for at least 12 calendar months. In addition, in the event our market cap remains below $75 million, we would need to use Form S-1 to register securities with the SEC for capital raising transactions or issue such securities in private placements, in either case, increasing the costs of raising capital during that period.

A failure to comply with the terms of the Written Agreement or the Consent Order to which Trinity and the Bank, respectively, are currently subject within the required timeframes could subject us to further regulatory enforcement actions, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations.   As previously discussed, on September 26, 2013, Trinity entered into the Written Agreement with the FRB, and on December 17, 2013, the Bank entered into the Consent Order with the OCC.  If Trinity or the Bank is not successful in complying with the terms of their respective regulatory orders within the required timeframes, we could become subject to additional enforcement actions, sanctions or restrictions on our business activities.

Risks Related to Our Business

If there were to be a return   of recessionary conditions our level of non-performing loans could increase and/or reduce demand for our products and services, which could lead to lower revenue, higher loan losses and lower earnings.    A return of recessionary conditions and/or continued negative developments in the domestic and international credit markets may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our loans and investments and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Declines in real estate values and sales volumes and increased unemployment or underemployment levels may result in higher than expected loan delinquencies, increases in our levels of non-performing and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products and services. These negative events may cause us to incur losses and may adversely affect our capital, liquidity and financial condition. 

Our profitability is dependent upon the health of the markets in which we operate, and our geographic concentration may magnify the adverse effects and consequences of any regional or local economic downturn .  We operate our banking offices in Los Alamos, White Rock, Santa Fe and Albuquerque, New Mexico.  The United States is recovering from historically difficult economic conditions.  The effects of these conditions have not been as bad in our markets as other parts of the country; however, our markets have still experienced significant difficulties due to the downturn in the national economy.  If the overall economic climate in the United States, generally, and our market areas, specifically, does not improve, this could result in a decrease in demand for our products and services, an increase in loan delinquencies and defaults and increased levels of problem assets and foreclosures.  Moreover, because of our geographic concentration, we are less able than other regional or national financial institutions to diversify our credit risks across multiple markets.  Any regional or local economic downturn that affects New Mexico, whether caused by recession, inflation, unemployment, or other factors, may affect us and our profitability more significantly and more adversely than our competitors that are less geographically concentrated and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

As the Laboratory is the largest employer in Northern New Mexico, its health is central to the economic health of both Northern and Central New Mexico.  The main indicator of the Laboratory s health is its funding.  The Laboratory s funding is primarily based and dependent upon the federal government s budgeting process.  As such, funding is not certain and can be delayed and influenced, both negatively and positively, by international, national, state and local events and circumstances beyond the Laboratory s control.  Additionally, the Laboratory s funding can be influenced by both positive and negative events and circumstances influenced by the Laboratory. The Laboratory received from the Department of Energy (the Laboratory s largest single historical source of funding) funding of $2.2 billion for its fiscal year 2016.  The fiscal year 2017 budget request is for $2.1 billion, a 4.4% decrease over the 2016 funding.  Any material fluctuation or delay in the Laboratory s funding may affect our customers  business and financial interests, adversely affect economic conditions in our market area, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans to us and generally affect our financial condition and results of operations.

21 

Table of Contents 

Our risk management processes may not fully identify and mitigate exposure to the various risks that we face, including interest rate, credit, liquidity and market risk.   We continue to refine our risk management techniques, strategies and assessment methods on an ongoing basis.  However, risk management techniques and strategies, both ours and those available to the market generally, may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk.  For example, we might fail to identify or anticipate particular risks, or the systems that we use, and that are used within our business segments generally, may not be capable of identifying certain risks. Certain of our strategies for managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior.  We apply statistical and other tools to these observations to quantify our risk exposure.  Any failures in our risk management techniques and strategies to accurately identify and quantify our risk exposure could limit our ability to manage risks.  In addition, any risk management failures could cause our losses to be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate.  Further, our quantified modeling does not take all risks into account.  As a result, we also take a qualitative approach in reducing our risk.  Our qualitative approach to managing those risks could also prove insufficient, exposing us to material unanticipated losses.

We are subject to interest rate risk, and a change in interest rates could have a negative effect on our net income, capital levels, and overall results.   Our earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon our net interest income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, our competition and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, particularly the FRB. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence the amount of interest we earn on loans and securities and the amount of interest we incur on deposits and borrowings. Such changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits as well as the average duration of our securities portfolio. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings.

In addition, we hold securities that may be sold in response to changes in market interest rates, changes in securities  prepayment risk, increases in loan demand, general liquidity needs and other similar factors are classified as available for sale and are carried at estimated fair value, which may fluctuate with changes in market interest rates.  The effects of an increase in market interest rates may result in a decrease in the value of our available for sale investment portfolio.

Market interest rates are affected by many factors outside of our control, including inflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets.  We may not be able to accurately predict the likelihood, nature and magnitude of such changes or how and to what extent such changes may affect our business.  We also may not be able to adequately prepare for, or compensate for, the consequences of such changes.  Any failure to predict and prepare for changes in interest rates, or adjust for the consequences of these changes, may adversely affect our earnings and capital levels and overall results of operations and financial condition.

We measure interest rate risk under various rate scenarios and using specific criteria and assumptions.  A summary of this process, along with the results of our net interest income simulations is presented at Part II, Item 7A  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  of this Form 10-K.  Although we believe our current level of interest rate sensitivity is reasonable and effectively managed, significant fluctuations in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We must effectively manage our credit risk, including risks specific to real estate value due to the large concentration of real estate loans in our loan portfolio.  There are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks of nonpayment, risks resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral and risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions.  The Loan Department of the Bank has been focused on improving processes and controls to minimize our credit risk through prudent loan underwriting procedures, monitoring of the concentration of our loans within specific industries, monitoring of our collateral values and market conditions, stress testing and periodic independent reviews of outstanding loans performed by a third-party as well as external auditors.  However, we cannot assure such approval and monitoring procedures will eliminate these credit risks.  If the overall economic climate in the United States, generally, and our market areas, specifically, do not continue to improve, our borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans, and the level of non-performing loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require increases in the provision for loan losses, which would cause our net income and return on equity to decrease.

22 

Table of Contents 

Further, the Bank s loan portfolio is invested in commercial real estate, residential real estate, construction, general commercial and consumer lending.  The Bank has no significant direct exposure to the oil and gas industry.  The Bank may experience indirect impact from the oil and gas industry as a result of its impact on the national economy.  The maximum amount we can loan to any one customer and their related entities (our  legal lending limit ) is smaller than the limits of our national and regional competitors with larger lending limits.  While there is little demand for loans over our legal lending limit, we can, and have, engaged in participation loans with other financial institutions to respond to customer requirements.  However, there are some loans and relationships that we cannot effectively compete for due to our size.

Real estate lending (including commercial, construction and residential) is a large portion of our loan portfolio.  These categories constitute approximately $720 million (85.5%) of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2015.  The fair value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located.  Although a significant portion of such loans is secured by real estate, adverse developments affecting real estate values in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio.  Additionally, commercial real estate lending typically involves larger loan principal amounts and the repayment of the loans generally is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service.  Economic events or governmental regulations outside of the control of the borrower or lender could negatively impact the future cash flow and fair values of the affected properties.

The Bank s residential mortgage loan operations include origination, sale and servicing.  The Bank s residential mortgage loan portfolio does not include subprime mortgages and contains a limited number of non-traditional residential mortgages.  The Bank employs underwriting standards that it believes are in line with industry norms in making residential mortgage loans.  The Bank purchased mortgage-backed securities in the past several years based upon the returns and quality of these assets.  Neither Trinity nor the Bank engaged in the packaging and selling of loan pools, such as collateralized debt obligations, structured investment vehicles, or other instruments which contain subprime mortgage loans and have seen significant losses in value.  As such, Trinity does not foresee any charge-offs, write-downs or other losses outside the ordinary course of business with respect to our residential mortgage operations.  The majority of the residential mortgage loans originated by the Bank are sold to third-party investors, primarily to  Fannie Mae .  The Bank continues to service the majority of loans that are sold to third-party investors, to provide a continuing source of income through mortgage servicing right ( MSR ) fees, although moving forward the Bank will not service as many of the loans that it sells to third parties. 

If loans collateralized by real estate become troubled during a time when market conditions are declining or have declined, we may not be able to realize the amount of security anticipated at the time of originating the loan, which could cause us to increase our provision for loan losses and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.  To mitigate such risk, we employ the use of independent third parties to conduct appraisals on our real estate collateral and adhere to limits set on the percentages for the loan amount to the appraised value of the collateral.  We continually monitor the real estate markets and economic conditions in the areas in which our loans are concentrated.

Our ability to continue extensive residential real estate lending in our market area is heavily dependent on building and retaining relationships with non-affiliate mortgage lenders.    As of December 31, 2015, the Bank serviced a total of approximately $865.6 million in loans that were sold to  Fannie Mae , in addition to the approximately $258.6 million in residential real estate loans maintained on the balance sheet.  For many years, the Bank sold the majority of the residential real estate loans it generated to  Fannie Mae  on a servicing retained basis.  However, beginning in late 2015, the Bank began moving toward a strategy to sell most newly originated mortgages with servicing released.   In 2016, the Bank made a further strategy change to generate applications for non-affiliated mortgage companies on a fee basis.  These changes in strategy were primarily based upon new compliance requirements and capital treatment related to residential mortgage loans. If we are unable to identify new partners or fund the loans on our balance sheet, it could have the effect of limiting the Company s fees associated with originating  such loans. 

23 

Table of Contents 

Our construction and development loans are based upon estimates of costs and value associated with the completed project. These estimates may be inaccurate and we may be exposed to more losses on these projects than on other loans.  As of December 31, 2015, construction loans, including land acquisition and development, totaled $89.3 million, or 10.6%, of our total loan portfolio.  Construction, land acquisition and development lending involve additional risks because funds are advanced based upon the value of the project, which is of uncertain value prior to its completion.  Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs, as well as the fair value of the completed project and the effects of governmental regulation of real property and the general effects of the national and local economies, it is relatively difficult to evaluate accurately the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan-to-value ratio.  As a result, construction loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success of the ultimate project and the ability of the borrower to sell or lease the property, rather than the ability of the borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest.  If our appraisal of the value of the completed project proves to be overstated, we may have inadequate security for the repayment of the loan upon completion of construction of the project.  If we are forced to foreclose on a project prior to or at completion due to a default, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover all of the unpaid balance of, and accrued interest on, the loan as well as related foreclosure, sale and holding costs.  In addition, we may be required to fund additional amounts to complete the project and may have to hold the property for an unspecified period of time.

Our allowance for loan losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in our loan portfolio.    Every loan carries a certain risk that it will not be repaid in accordance with its terms or that any underlying collateral will not be sufficient to assure repayment.  This risk is affected by, among other  factors : 

cash flow of the borrower and/or the project being financed;

the changes and uncertainties as to the future value of the collateral, in the case of a collateralized loan;

the credit history of a particular borrower;

changes in economic and industry conditions; and

the duration of the loan.

We maintain an allowance for loan losses, which is a reserve established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense, that we believe is appropriate to provide for probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio.  The amount of this allowance is determined by our management through a periodic review and consideration of several factors, including, but not limited to:

our general reserve, based on our historical default and loss experience;

our specific reserve, based on our evaluation of impaired loans and their underlying collateral; and

current macroeconomic factors and model imprecision factors.

The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes.   A deterioration or lack of improvement in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan losses.  In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in the provision for possible loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management.  In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan losses, we will need additional provisions to increase the allowance for loan losses.  Any increases in the allowance for loan losses will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our ability to attract and retain management and key personnel may affect future growth and earnings, and legislation imposing compensation restrictions could adversely affect our ability to do so.     Much of our future success will be strongly influenced by our ability to attract and retain management experienced in banking and financial services and familiarity with the communities in our market areas.  Our ability to retain executive officers, the functional area managers, branch managers and loan officers of our bank subsidiary will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategy.  It is also critical, as we address the Written Agreement and the Consent Order, to be able to attract and retain qualified management and loan officers with the appropriate level of experience and knowledge about our market areas to implement our community-based operating strategy.

24 

Table of Contents 

As a result of the Bank having entered into the Consent Order, we are subject to certain limitations regarding employee compensation, as well as the hiring of executive officers.  These limitations may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain key employees in addition to our senior executive officers, especially if we are competing for talent against institutions that are not subject to the same restrictions.  Moreover, there have been many staffing changes recently at the Company, including the departure of several loan officers and senior management.  Over the past two years, the Company hired experienced and proven management to serve as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Credit Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Lending Officer, Chief Wealth Strategies   Fiduciary Officer, and Chief Information Officer.  The unexpected loss of services of key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available when it is needed.    We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations.  We manage our growth rate and risk profile to ensure that our existing capital resources will satisfy our capital requirements for the foreseeable future.  However, regulatory requirements, growth in assets outpacing growth in capital or our growth strategy may present conditions that would create a need for additional capital from the capital markets.  Additionally, the restatement of our financial statements for 2010 and 2011, and our inability to have timely filed our 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 financial statements, as well as the regulatory orders on Trinity and the Bank, among other  factors , may make it difficult to raise capital in the near future, or limit the manner in which we can raise it.  Our ability to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital markets, general economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities, and on our financial condition and performance.  There may not always be capital available or available on favorable terms.  These conditions may alter our strategic direction and require us to manage our growth to remain within capital limits relying solely on our earnings for capital formation, possibly limiting our growth. 

Stock Purchase Agreement.  On September 8, 2016, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Castle Creek Capital Partners VI, L.P. ( Castle Creek ), Patriot Financial Partners II, L.P., Patriot Financial Partners Parallel II, L.P. (together with Patriot Financial Partners II, L.P.,  Patriot ) and Strategic Value Bank Partners LLC, through its fund, Strategic Value Investors LP ( SVBP , and collectively, the  Investors ), pursuant to which the Company expects to raise gross proceeds of approximately $52 million in a private placement transaction and to issue shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of $4.75 per common share and shares of newly-created nonvoting noncumulative convertible perpetual Series C Preferred Stock at a purchase price of $475.00 per share of Series C Preferred Stock.  Proceeds from the private placement transaction will be used to repurchase all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, to pay the deferred interest on our trust preferred securities, and for general corporate purposes.  Closing of the private placement transaction is subject to the receipt of the necessary regulatory approvals or nonobjections for the use of proceeds described above. We currently anticipate that the private placement transaction will close in [October] 2016. There are no assurances that we will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or nonobjections or otherwise be able to close the private placement transaction.

In connection with the private placement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with each of Castle Creek and Patriot. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement for the purpose of registering the resale of the shares of the Common Stock and Series C preferred stock issued in the private placement and the underlying shares of Common Stock or non-voting Common Stock into which the shares of Series C preferred stock are convertible, as appropriate. The Company is obligated to file the registration statement no later than the third anniversary after the closing of the private placement.

Pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement, prior to closing, Castle Creek and Patriot will enter into side letter agreements with us.  Under the terms of a side letter agreements, each investor will be entitled to have one representative appointed to our Board of Directors for so long as such investor, together with its respective affiliates, owns, in the aggregate, 5% or more of all of the outstanding shares of  common stock (including shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C preferred stock or non-voting Common Stock).

25 

Table of Contents 

The size of our loan portfolio has declined in recent periods, and, if we are unable to return to loan growth, our profitability may be adversely affected.   From December 31, 2014 to December 31, 2015, our gross loans declined 7.8% and have continued to decline in 2016. During this period, we were managing our balance sheet composition to manage our capital levels and position the Bank to meet and exceed its targeted capital levels. Among other factors, our current strategic plan calls for reductions in the amount of our non-performing assets and a return to growth in our loan portfolio to improve our net interest margin and profitability. Our ability to increase profitability in accordance with this plan will depend on a variety of factors, including our ability to originate attractive new lending relationships. While we believe we have the management resources and lending staff in place to successfully achieve our strategic plan, if we are unable to increase the size of our loan portfolio, our strategic plan may not be successful and our profitability may be adversely affected.

Our growth must be effectively managed and our growth strategy involves risks that may impact our net income.   While addressing the Written Agreement and the Consent Order, we are also resuming a general growth strategy, which may include our expansion into additional communities or attempt to strengthen our position in our current markets to take advantage of expanding market share by opening new offices. To the extent that we undertake additional office openings, we are likely to experience the effects of higher operating expenses relative to operating income from the new operations for a period of time, which may have an adverse effect on our levels of reported net income, return on average equity and return on average assets.

We must compete with other banks and financial institutions in all lines of business.   The banking and financial services business in our market is highly competitive.  Our competitors include large regional banks, local community banks, savings institutions, securities and brokerage companies, mortgage companies, insurance companies, finance companies, money market mutual funds, credit unions and other non-bank financial service providers.  Many of these competitors are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions, which may therefore enable them to provide customers with an alternative to traditional banking services.

Increased competition in our markets may result in a decrease in the amounts of our loans and deposits, reduced spreads between loan rates and deposit rates or loan terms that are more favorable to the borrower.  Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow and remain profitable.  If increased competition causes us to significantly discount the interest rates we offer on loans or increase the amount we pay on deposits, our net interest income could be adversely impacted.  If increased competition causes us to modify our underwriting standards, we could be exposed to higher losses from lending activities.  Additionally, many of our competitors are much larger in total assets and capitalization, have greater access to capital markets, have larger lending limits and may be able to offer a broader range of financial services than we can offer.

Additionally, our ability to compete successfully depends on developing and maintaining long-term customer relationships, offering community banking services with features and pricing in line with customer interests and expectations, consistently achieving outstanding levels of customer service and adapting to many and frequent changes in banking as well as local or regional economies. Failure to excel in these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability. These weaknesses could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our mortgage origination business is subject to fluctuations based upon seasonal and other factors and, as a result, our results of operations for any given quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.   Our mortgage origination business is subject to several variables that can impact loan origination volume, an increase in the general level of interest rates may, among other things, adversely affect the demand for mortgage loans and our ability to originate mortgage loans.  In particular, if mortgage interest rates increase, the demand for residential mortgage loans and the refinancing of residential mortgage loans will likely decrease, which will have an adverse effect on our mortgage origination activities.  Conversely, a decrease in the general level of interest rates, among other things, may lead to increased competition for mortgage loan origination business.  As a result of these variables, our results of operations for any single quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year.

26 

Table of Contents 

We could experience an unexpected inability to obtain needed liquidity.    Liquidity measures the ability to meet current and future cash flow needs as they become due. The liquidity of a financial institution reflects its ability to meet loan requests, to accommodate possible outflows in deposits, and to take advantage of interest rate market opportunities and is essential to a financial institution's business. The ability of a financial institution to meet its current financial obligations is a function of its balance sheet structure, its ability to liquidate assets and its access to alternative sources of funds. We seek to ensure that our funding needs are met by maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity through asset and liability management.   In the event the Bank is unable to deliver sufficient and acceptable collateral to the FHLB, it may affect our ability to borrow sufficient amounts in the event it is necessary for our liquidity.  If we become unable to obtain funds when needed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Loss of customer deposits due to increased competition could increase our funding costs.   We rely on bank deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding. We compete with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If our competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits, our funding costs may increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing deposits or because we lose deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher funding costs could reduce our net interest margin and net interest income and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We rely on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties.   We rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties in deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions. This information could include financial statements, credit reports and other financial information. We also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports or other financial information could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect our business.   Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions.  Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships.  We have exposure to many different counterparties and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, credit unions, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients.  As a result, defaults by, or even negative speculation about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry in general, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions.  Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client.  In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the receivable due us.  Any such losses could be material and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Negative publicity regarding us, or financial institutions in general, could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and results of operations.   Our ability to attract and retain customers and conduct our business could be adversely affected to the extent our   reputation is damaged.  Reputational risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public   opinion regarding our company, or financial institutions in general, is inherent in our business.  Adverse perceptions   concerning our reputation could lead to difficulties in generating and maintaining accounts as well as in financing   them.  In particular, negative perceptions concerning our reputation could lead to decreases in the level of deposits   that consumer   and commercial customers and potential customers choose to maintain with us.  Negative public opinion could   result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including lending or foreclosure   practices  sales practices  corporate governance and potential conflicts of interest  ethical failures or fraud,   including alleged deceptive or unfair lending or pricing practices  regulatory compliance  protection of customer   information  cyberattacks,   whether actual, threatened, or perceived  negative news about us or the financial   institutions industry generally  general company performance  or from actions taken by government regulators and   community organizations in response to such activities or circumstances.  Furthermore, our failure to address, or the   perception that we have failed to address, these issues appropriately could impact our ability to keep and attract   customers and/or employees and could expose us to litigation and/or regulatory action, which could have an   adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

27 

Table of Contents 

Technology is continually changing and we must effectively implement new innovations in providing services to our customers.    The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent innovations in technology-driven products and services.  In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases our efficiency and enables us to reduce costs.  Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers using innovative methods, processes and technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations as we continue to grow and expand our market areas.   In order to ensure that we are responsive to customer needs as well as compliant with the numerous changes required by the rapid pace of regulatory initiatives, we underwent a conversion of our core information systems in July, 2016.  Our ability to successfully transition and implement the new system may affect our ability to meet the needs of our customers and capitalize on the opportunities for efficiencies presented through increased automation.

System failure or breaches of our network security or cybersecurity-related incidents could subject us to increased operating costs, damage to our reputation, litigation and other liabilities.  Information technology systems are critical to our business and we have developed some of our own computer software systems internally. We currently maintain and run our own core computer system for data processing and banking operations.  The computer systems and network infrastructure we use could be vulnerable to unforeseen problems that may be unique to our organization.  Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event, as well as from security breaches, cybersecurity-related incidents, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms and other disruptive problems caused by hackers.  Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  Computer break-ins, phishing and other disruptions could also jeopardize the security of information stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability to us and may cause existing and potential customers to refrain from doing business with us, as well as damage to our reputation in general.

As a financial institution, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity, information security breaches and cyber security-related incidents that may be committed against us or our clients, which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our clients, disclosure or misuse of our information or out clients  information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our clients, litigation, or damage to our reputation.  These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications.

Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts.  Information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents may include fraudulent or unauthorized access to systems used by us or our clients, denial or degradation of service attacks, and malware or other cyberattacks.  In recent periods, there continues to be a rise in electronic fraudulent activity, security breaches and cyberattacks within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector due to cybercriminals targeting commercial bank accounts.  Consistent with industry trends, we have also experienced an increase in attempted electronic fraudulent activity, security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents in recent periods.  Moreover, in the past year, several large corporations, including retail companies, have suffered major data breaches, where in some cases, exposing sensitive financial and other personal information of their clients and subjecting them to potential fraudulent activity.  Some of our clients may have been affected by these breaches, which increase their risks of identity theft, credit card fraud and other fraudulent activity that could involve their accounts with the Bank.

Information pertaining to us and our clients is maintained, and transactions are executed, on our networks and systems, those of our clients and certain of our third party partners, such as reporting systems.  The secure maintenance and transmission of confidential information, as well as execution of transactions over these systems, are essential to protect us and our clients against fraud and security breaches and to maintain our clients  confidence.  Increases in criminal activity levels and sophistication, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries, vulnerabilities in third-party technologies (including browsers and operating systems) or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology processes and controls that we use to prevent fraudulent transactions and to protect data about us, our clients and underlying transactions, as well as the technology used by our clients to access our systems.  Although we have developed, and continue to invest in, systems and processes that are designed to detect and prevent security breaches and cyber-attacks and periodically test our security, the inability to anticipate, or failure to adequately mitigate, breaches of security could result in: losses to us or our clients; our loss of business and/or clients; damage to our reputation; the incurrence of additional expenses; disruption to our business, and/or our ability to grow our online services or other businesses; additional regulatory scrutiny or penalties; or exposure to civil litigation or possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

28 

Table of Contents 

The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council ( FFIEC ) issued guidance for  Strong Authentication/Two Factor Authentication  in the Internet banking environment.  All financial institutions were required to make changes to their online banking systems to meet the FFIEC requirements.  In response to this guidance, Trinity incorporated multiple layers of security to protect our customers  financial data.  We further employ external information technology auditors to conduct extensive auditing and testing for any weaknesses in our systems, controls, firewalls and encryption to reduce the likelihood of any security failures or breaches.  Although we, with the help of third-party service providers and auditors, intend to continue implementing security technology and establish operational procedures to prevent such damage, there can be no assurance that these security measures will be successful.  In addition, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms we, and our third-party service providers, use to encrypt and protect customer transaction data.  A failure of such security measures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services.  Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements.  We may not be able to effectively or timely implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers and clients.  Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We are subject to certain operational risks, including, but not limited to, customer or employee fraud and data processing system failures and errors.  Employee errors and employee and customer misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation.  Employee errors could include data processing system failures and errors.  Misconduct by our employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of our customers or improper use of confidential information.  It is not always possible to prevent employee errors and misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases.  Employee errors could also subject us to financial claims for negligence.  We have reported that we found material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and, while we are enhancing our system of internal controls and we maintain insurance coverage, should our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may be subject to environmental liabilities in connection with the foreclosure on real estate assets securing the loan portfolio of our banking segment.  Hazardous or toxic substances or other environmental hazards may be located on the real estate that secures our loans.  If we acquire such properties as a result of foreclosure, or otherwise, we could become subject to various environmental liabilities.  For example, we could be held liable for the cost of cleaning up or otherwise addressing contamination at or from these properties.  We could also be held liable to a governmental entity or third party for property damage, personal injury or other claims relating to any environmental contamination at or from these properties.  In addition, we could be held liable for costs relating to environmental contamination at or from our current or former properties.  We may not detect all environmental hazards associated with these properties.  If we ever became subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be harmed.

Our ability to pay dividends is limited.  On May 7, 2013, the Company, after consulting with our regulators, determined to defer its regularly scheduled interest payments on its junior subordinated debentures and its quarterly cash dividend payments payable on its preferred stock.  Under the terms of both the junior subordinated debentures and the preferred stock, we will not be able to pay dividends on our common shares until the deferred interest payments and all accrued dividends have been paid in full.  As of December 31, 2015 the Company had a total of $6.9 million of accrued and unpaid interest due on the junior subordinated debentures and $8.7 million of accrued and unpaid dividends due under Preferred Stock.   While we are not in default under these instruments, if we fail to pay interest associated with junior subordinated debentures for 20 consecutive quarters, then the holders of the corresponding trust preferred securities have the ability to take certain actions, including the acceleration of the amounts owed, against Trinity.  In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Written Agreement, the Company is prohibited from declaring and paying any dividends without the prior written approval of the FRB.  However, the Company has accrued but not declared dividends on its preferred stock so as to not overstate its capital and capital ratios.

29 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, dividends from the Bank have traditionally served as a major source of the funds with which Trinity pays dividends and interest payments due.  However, pursuant to the Consent Order with the OCC, the Bank may not declare and pay any dividends to Trinity unless it complies with certain provisions of the Consent Order and without first obtaining the prior written determination of no supervisory objection from the OCC.

Our indebtedness may affect our ability to operate our business, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness.   At December 31, 2015, on a consolidated basis, we had total deposits of $1.25 billion and other indebtedness of $39.4 million, including $37.1 million in aggregate principal amount of junior subordinated debentures. Our significant amount of indebtedness could have important consequences, such as:

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditures or other debt service requirements or for other purposes 

limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must dedicate a substantial portion of these funds to service debt 

limiting our ability to compete with other companies who are not as highly leveraged, as we may be less capable of responding to adverse economic and industry conditions 

restricting us from making strategic acquisitions, developing properties or exploiting business opportunities 

restricting the way in which we conduct our business because of financial and operating covenants in the agreements governing our and certain of our subsidiaries  existing and future indebtedness, including, in the case of certain indebtedness of subsidiaries, certain covenants that restrict the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us 

exposing us to potential events of default (if not cured or waived) under financial and operating covenants contained in our or our subsidiaries  debt instruments that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results 

increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or a decrease in pricing of our products 

and limiting our ability to react to changing market conditions in our industry and in our customers  industries.

In addition to our debt service obligations, our operations require substantial investments on a continuing basis.  Our ability to make scheduled debt payments, to refinance our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and to fund capital and noncapital expenditures necessary to maintain the condition of our operating assets and properties, as well as to provide capacity for the growth of our business, depends on our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, competitive, legal and other factors.  If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the risks described above could increase.

As previously mentioned, the Company is currently deferring the interest payments on the junior subordinated debt.  As of September 30, 2016 the Company had a total of $9.1 million of accrued and unpaid interest due on the junior subordinated debt.

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful.   Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations will depend upon, among other things: our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to obtain financing in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs.

30 

Table of Contents 

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.  These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.  Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time.  Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations.  In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives.  In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations, sell equity and/or negotiate with our lenders and other creditors to restructure the applicable debt in order to meet our debt service and other obligations.  We may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value or at all.

Legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future may increase our costs and impact our business, governance structure, financial condition or results of operations.  Trinity and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation by multiple regulatory bodies.  These regulations may affect the manner and terms of delivery of our services.  If we do not comply with governmental regulations, we may be subject to fines, penalties, lawsuits or material restrictions on our businesses in the jurisdiction where the noncompliance occurred, which may adversely affect our business operations.  Changes in these regulations can significantly affect the services that we provide as well as our costs of compliance with such regulations.  In addition, adverse publicity and damage to our reputation arising from the failure or perceived failure to comply with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements could affect our ability to attract and retain customers.

The recent economic crises, particularly in the financial markets, resulted in government regulatory agencies and political bodies placing increased focus and scrutiny on the financial services industry.  The U.S. government intervened on an unprecedented scale by temporarily enhancing the liquidity support available to financial institutions, establishing a commercial paper funding facility, temporarily guaranteeing money market funds and certain types of debt issuances and increasing insurance on bank deposits.

These programs have subjected financial institutions to additional restrictions, oversight and costs.  In addition, new proposals for legislation continue to be introduced in the U.S. Congress that could further substantially increase regulation of the financial services industry, impose restrictions on the operations and general ability of firms within the industry to conduct business consistent with historical practices, including in the areas of compensation, interest rates, financial product offerings and disclosures, and have an effect on bankruptcy proceedings with respect to consumer residential real estate mortgages, among other  factors .  Federal and state regulatory agencies also frequently adopt changes to their regulations or change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. 

In recent years, regulatory oversight and enforcement have increased substantially, imposing additional costs and increasing the potential risks associated with our operations. If these regulatory trends continue, they could adversely affect our business and, in turn, our consolidated results of operations.

Monetary policies and regulations of the FRB could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.   In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the FRB.  An important function of the FRB is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions.  Among the instruments used by the FRB to implement these objectives are open market operations in U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits.  These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits.  Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.

The monetary policies and regulations of the FRB have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future.  The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted.

Legislative and regulatory reforms applicable to the financial services industry may have a significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law, which significantly changed the regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry.  The Dodd-Frank Act, together with the regulations to be developed thereunder, included provisions affecting large and small financial institutions alike, including several provisions that will affect how community banks, thrifts and small bank and thrift holding companies will be regulated in the future.

31 

Table of Contents 

The Dodd-Frank Act, among other  factors :  (i) imposed new capital requirements on bank holding companies; (ii) changed the base for FDIC insurance assessments to a bank s average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity, rather than upon its deposit base, and permanently raised the current standard deposit insurance limit to $250 thousand; and (iii) expanded the FDIC s authority to raise insurance premiums.  The legislation also called for the FDIC to raise the ratio of reserves to deposits from 1.15% to 1.35% for deposit insurance purposes by September 30, 2020 and to  offset the effect  of increased assessments on insured depository institutions with assets of less than $10 billion   The Dodd-Frank Act also authorized the FRB to limit interchange fees payable on debit card transactions, established the CFPB as an independent entity within the FRB, which has broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority over consumer financial products and services, including deposit products, residential mortgages, home-equity loans and credit cards, and contained provisions on mortgage-related matters, such as steering incentives, determinations as to a borrower s ability to repay and prepayment penalties.  The Dodd-Frank Act also included provisions that affect corporate governance and executive compensation at all publicly-traded companies and allowed financial institutions to pay interest on business checking accounts. 

These provisions, or any other aspects of current or proposed regulatory or legislative changes to laws applicable to the financial industry, if enacted or adopted, may impact the profitability of our business activities or change certain of our business practices, including the ability to offer new products, obtain financing, attract deposits, make loans, and achieve satisfactory interest spreads, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs.  These changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes to operations in order to comply, and could therefore also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Although the majority of the Dodd-Frank Act s rulemaking requirements have been met with finalized rules, approximately one-third of the rulemaking requirements are either still in the proposal stage or have not yet been proposed. Accordingly, it is difficult to anticipate the continued impact this expansive legislation will have on the Company, its customers and the financial industry generally.

Implementation of the Basel III capital rules adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies require increased capital levels that we may not be able to satisfy and could impede our growth and profitability.    The Basel III Capital Rules became effective January 1, 2015.  The new rules increase minimum capital ratios, add a new minimum common equity ratio, introduce a new capital conservation buffer, and change the risk-weightings of certain assets.  These changes will be phased in through 2019.  As the rules are phased in they could have a material and adverse effect on our liquidity, capital resources and financial condition.

The Basel III Rules also expand the definition of capital as in effect currently by establishing criteria that instruments must meet to be considered Additional Tier 1 Capital (Tier 1 Capital in addition to Common Equity) and Tier 2 Capital.  A number of instruments that used to qualify as Tier 1 Capital no longer qualify, or their qualifications have changed.  The Basel III Rules also permit smaller banking organizations to retain, through a one-time election, the existing treatment for accumulated other comprehensive income, which currently does not affect regulatory capital.  Trinity made the election to retain the existing treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income. The Basel III Rules have maintained the general structure of the current prompt corrective action framework, while incorporating the increased requirements. The prompt corrective action guidelines were also revised to add the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio.  In order to be a  well-capitalized  depository institution under the new regime, a bank and holding company must maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6.5% or more; a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 8% or more; a Total Capital ratio of 10% or more; and a leverage ratio of 5% or more.

Such changes, including changes regarding interpretations and implementation, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have a material adverse effect on us, including on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other  factors . 

32 

Table of Contents 

The CFPB has issued  ability-to-repay  and  qualified mortgage  rules that may have a negative impact on our loan origination process and foreclosure proceedings, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.   On January 10, 2013, the CFPB issued a final rule to implement the  qualified mortgage  provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act requiring mortgage lenders to consider consumers  ability to repay home loans before extending them credit. The CFPB s  qualified mortgage  rule took effect on January 10, 2014.  The final rule describes certain minimum requirements for lenders making ability-to-repay determinations, but does not dictate that they follow particular underwriting models. Lenders will be presumed to have complied with the ability-to-repay rule if they issue  qualified mortgages,  which are generally defined as mortgage loans prohibiting or limiting certain risky features.  Loans that do not meet the ability-to-repay standard can be challenged in court by borrowers who default and the absence of ability-to-repay status can be used against a lender in foreclosure proceedings.  Any loans that we make outside of the  qualified mortgage  criteria could expose us to an increased risk of liability and reduce or delay our ability to foreclose on the underlying property.  The CFPB s  qualified mortgage  rule could limit our ability or desire to make certain types of loans or loans to certain borrowers, or could make it more expensive or time consuming to make these loans.  Any decreases in loan origination volume or increases in compliance and foreclosure costs caused by the rule could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

There is a limited trading market for our common shares and, as with all companies, stockholders may not be able to resell shares at or above the price stockholders paid for them.  Our common stock is not listed on any automated quotation system or securities exchange and no firm makes a market in our stock.  The trading in our common shares has less liquidity than companies quoted on the national securities exchanges or markets.  A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the market of willing buyers and sellers of our common shares at any given time.  This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control.  Although we intend to explore the benefits to liquidity and improved pricing through greater volumes offered by a listing on an exchange, we cannot assure you that we will be accepted for listing on an exchange or, even if we are accepted, that the volume of trading in our common shares will increase.

We may issue shares of preferred stock or additional shares of common stock to raise capital, complete an acquisition or effect a combination or under an employee incentive plan after consummation of an acquisition or combination, which would dilute the interests of our stockholders and likely present other risks.   The issuance of additional shares of preferred stock or common stock:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our stockholders;

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards; and

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock.

Our authorized capital stock includes 20,000,000 shares of common stock, 6,856,800 shares of which are issued and outstanding, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 37,316 shares of which are issued.  Subject to limitations imposed by law or our articles of incorporation, our board of directors is empowered to issue authorized shares of common stock and preferred stock and determine the designations, powers, preferences, limitations, restrictions, special or relative rights or qualifications, voting rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, redemption price, and liquidation preferences of any series of preferred stock.  Preferred stock could be issued with voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the shares of our common stock.

Our charter and bylaws contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals.

Authority to Issue Additional Shares  . Under our charter, our board of directors may issue up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder action.   Subject to limitations imposed by law or our articles of incorporation,  the preferred stock may be issued, in one or more series, with the preferences and other terms designated by our board of directors that may delay or prevent a change in control of us, even if the change is in the best interests of stockholders.  At December 31, 2015,  37,316  shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 

33 

Table of Contents 

Banking Laws . Any change in control of our company is subject to prior regulatory approval under the Bank Holding Company Act or the Change in Bank Control Act, which may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change in control of us.

Restrictions on Calling Special Meeting and Board Nominations . Our bylaws include a provision prohibiting the holders of less than 25% of the voting shares from calling a special meeting of stockholders.  Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders  meeting.

Cumulative Voting and Other Board Matters.   Our charter expressly denies cumulative voting in the election of directors.  Further our board of directors is divided into three classes, and only one class is up for election each year.  Our charter provides that our directors may only be removed for cause and then only by an affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares entitled generally in the election of directors.  These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

None

Item 2.

Properties.

As of  September 30, 2016 , the Company conducts operations through seven locations as shown below.  Trinity is headquartered in the main Bank office in Los Alamos, New Mexico.  Four banking offices are owned by the Bank and are not subject to any mortgages or material encumbrances.  The Bank s Albuquerque offices are in leased office spaces and the Cerrillos Road office is subject to a ground lease as further discussed in Part II, Item 8 of the Form 10-K, Note 11.   In March 2016, the Bank formed Triscensions ABQ, LLCs, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, for the purpose of acquiring, holding, and managing a commercial office building at 7445 Pan American Freeway, NE in Albuquerque, NM.  The Bank intends to utilize approximately one quarter of the building for future banking offices.  The transaction is further discussed in Part II, Item 8, Note 22.     The Cerrillos Road ground lease contains a purchase option exercised in 2015, the cost of which is largely offset by a loan held on the property. The Company notified the owners of its intent to exercise its option to purchase the property and expects to complete the purchase or extend the leases in 2016.

In addition to our offices, the Bank operates 22 automatic teller machines ( ATMs ) throughout northern New Mexico.  The ATMs are housed either on Bank properties or on leased property.

34 

Table of Contents 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject, in the normal course of business, to various pending and threatened legal proceedings in which claims for monetary damages are asserted. On an ongoing basis management, after consultation with legal counsel, assesses the Company s liabilities and contingencies in connection with such legal proceedings. For those matters where it is probable that the Company will incur losses and the amounts of the losses can be reasonably estimated, the Company records an expense and corresponding liability in its consolidated financial statements. To the extent the pending or threatened litigation could result in exposure in excess of that liability, the amount of such excess is not currently estimable.

In addition to legal proceedings occurring in the normal course of business, certain governmental investigations and legal proceedings as set forth below are ongoing.

SEC Investigation:  On September 28, 2015, the SEC announced an administrative settlement with the Company, resolving the previously reported investigation of the Company s historical accounting and reporting with respect to its restatement of financial information for the years ended December 31, 2006 through December 31, 2011 and the quarters ended March 31, 2012 and June 30, 2012.  The Company and the SEC settled the investigation, pursuant to which the Company, without admitting or denying any factual allegations, consented to the SEC s issuance of an administrative order finding that the Company did not properly account for the Bank s loan portfolio during 2006 through 2011 and the first two quarters of 2012, did not properly account for its OREO in 2011, and did not have effective internal accounting controls over loan and OREO accounting. In addition, the SEC found that certain former members of the Bank s management caused the Bank to engage in false and misleading accounting and overrode internal accounting controls.  As a result, the SEC found that the Company violated certain provisions of the securities laws, including Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder; Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933; and Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 13a-1, 13a-13 and 12b-20 thereunder; Section 13(b)(2)(A) of the Exchange Act; and Sections 13(b)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act. The settlement orders the Company to cease and desist from committing or causing any such violations in the future and to pay a civil money penalty in the amount of $1.5 million. The Company agreed to cooperate in proceedings brought by the SEC as well as any future investigations into matters described in the settlement. The Company cooperated fully with the SEC investigation.

SIGTARP/DOJ Investigation:  The Special Inspector General of the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( SIGTARP ) and the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) initiated a criminal investigation relating to the financial reporting and securities filings referenced above and actions relating to the 2012 examination of the Bank by the OCC. The Company is cooperating with all requests from SIGTARP and the DOJ. SIGTARP and DOJ have advised the Company that it is not the target of the investigation.

As of May 1, 2016, no suit or charges have been filed against the Company or its current directors, executive officers or employees by any parties relating to the restatement.

Insurance Coverage and Indemnification Litigation:

35 

Table of Contents 

Trinity Capital Corporation and Los Alamos National Bank v. Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company, Federal Insurance Company, William C. Enloe and Jill Cook, (First Judicial District Court, State of New Mexico, Case No. D-132-CV-201500083);

William C. Enloe v. Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company, Federal Insurance Company, Trinity Capital Corporation and Los Alamos National Bank, (First Judicial District Court, State of New Mexico, Case No. D-132-CV-201500082) ; and

Mark Pierce v. Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company, Trinity Capitol Corporation d/b/a Los Alamos National Bank, and Federal Insurance Company, (First Judicial District Court, State of New Mexico, Case No. D-101-CV-201502381).

In connection with the restatements and investigations, on September 1, 2015, the Company and William Enloe ( Enloe ), Trinity and the Bank s former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, filed separate suits in New Mexico State Court.  Jill Cook, the Company s former Chief Credit Officer, was also named in the suit brought by Trinity. On October 28, 2015, the Court entered an order consolidating the Enloe and Trinity suits. Mark Pierce, the Bank s former Senior Lending Officer, filed suit in New Mexico State Court on November 2, 2015. On April 28, 2016, the Court entered an order consolidating the Pierce suit with the Enloe and Trinity suits.  In each of the three suits listed above, the plaintiffs seek coverage and reimbursement from the insurance carriers for the defense costs incurred by individuals covered under those policies, as defined therein, in addition to causes of action against the insurance companies for back faith breach of insurance contracts and against Atlantic Specialty Insurance for violations of New Mexico insurance statutes. The suits, with the exception of Enloe s suit, also seek a determination on the obligations of the Company and/or the Bank to indemnify the former officers. The suits filed by Enloe and Pierce and the counterclaims of Cook allege, in the alternative, negligence against the Company and the Bank for failing to timely put all carriers on notice of claims. The Company and the Bank will vigorously defend its actions and seek indemnification and coverage from its insurance carriers as required under the insurance policies.  Due to the complex nature, the outcome and timing of ultimate resolution is inherently difficult to predict.

Title Insurance Coverage Litigation:

First American Title v. Los Alamos National Bank (Second Judicial District Court, State of New Mexico, Case No. D-202-CV-201207023 ).  This suit relates to title coverage claims regarding a commercial property that served as collateral for a commercial loan made by the Bank.  The title company asserted a claim against the Bank for recovery of losses suffered as a result of a settlement entered into by both the title company and the Bank to satisfy the claims of certain contractors who filed liens on the property. On April 29, 2016, the District Court issued its Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law finding against the Bank and finding the plaintiff is entitled to a judgment in the amount of $150,000 and its costs of bringing suit.  The suit was settled in June 2016 for significantly less than the judgment amount.

Item 4. 
 
    Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5. 
 
    Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

Trinity s common stock is not listed on any automated quotation system or securities exchange.  No firm makes a market in our stock.  As of September 30, 2016, there were 6,526,302 shares of common stock outstanding and approximately 1,660 stockholders of record.  At December 31, 2015, the most recently reported sale price of Trinity s stock was $4.00 per share. As of September 30, 2016, the most recently reported sale price of Trinity s stock was $4.00 per share.

36 

Table of Contents 

The tables below show the reported high and low sales prices of the common stock during the periods indicated.  The prices below are only the trades where the price was disclosed to the Company.  Sales where the value of the shares traded was not given to us are not included.

A table presenting the shares issued and available to be issued under stock-based benefit plans and arrangements can be found under Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  of this Form 10-K.

Dividend Policy

Trinity did not pay dividends on its common stock during 2015 or 2014.  The Company is subject to certain restrictions that currently materially limit its ability to pay dividends on its common stock.  Under New Mexico law, a corporation may not, subject to any restrictions in its articles of incorporation, make any distributions to its shareholders if, after giving effect to such distribution either (1) the corporation would be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of its business, or (2) the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities and the maximum amount that then would be payable, in any liquidation, in respect of all outstanding shares having preferential rights in liquidation.  In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Written Agreement, the Company is prohibited from declaring and paying any dividends without the prior written approval of the FRB.

On May 7, 2013, the Company, determined to defer its regularly scheduled interest payments on its junior subordinated debentures and its quarterly cash dividend payments payable on its Preferred Stock.  Under the terms of both the junior subordinated debentures and the Preferred Stock, we will not be able to pay dividends on our common shares until the deferred interest payments and all accrued dividends on our preferred stock have been paid in full.  While we are not in default under these instruments, if we fail to pay interest associated with junior subordinated debentures for 20 consecutive quarters, then the holders of the corresponding trust preferred securities have the ability to take certain actions, including the acceleration of the amounts owed, against Trinity.  In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Written Agreement, the Company is prohibited from declaring and paying any dividends without the prior written approval of the FRB.

As of December 31, 2015, the Company had a total of $6.9 million of accrued and unpaid interest due on the junior subordinated debentures and $8.7 million of accrued and unpaid dividends due under the Preferred Stock. See Item 1,  Supervision and Regulation  of this Form 10-K for a more detailed description of these limitations. The Company continues to defer the interest due on the junior subordinated debentures and the dividends on the Preferred Stock. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a total of $9.1 million of accrued and unpaid interest due on the junior subordinated debentures.

As of September 30, 2016, the Company continues to defer the payment of dividends on the Preferred Stock.  As of that date, the amount of dividends accrued and unpaid for Series A and Series B totaled $11.2 million and $677 thousand, respectively or $314.91 dollars per share for Series A and $380.85 per share for Series B.

Dividends from the Bank have traditionally served as a major source of funds with which Trinity pays dividends and interest due.  However, pursuant to the Consent Order with the OCC, the Bank may not declare or pay any dividends to Trinity unless it first obtains a prior written determination of no supervisory objection from the OCC.  In addition, Trinity cannot accept the payment of a dividend from the Bank without prior written approval of the FRB.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

During 2015 and 2014, the Company made no repurchases of any class of equity securities.

37 

Table of Contents 

Stockholder Return Performance Graph

The following graph and related information shall not be deemed to be filed, but rather furnished to the SEC by inclusion herein.

The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total returns for Trinity, the NASDAQ Stock Market, an index of all bank stocks followed by SNL, an index of bank stock for banks with $1 billion to $5 billion in total assets followed by SNL, and an index of bank stocks for banks in asset size over $500 million that are quoted on the Pink Sheets followed by SNL.  The cumulative total stockholder return computations assume the investment of $100.00 on December 31, 2011 and the reinvestment of all dividends.  Figures for Trinity s common stock represent inter-dealer quotations, without retail markups, markdowns or commissions and do not necessarily represent actual transactions.  The graph was prepared using data provided by SNL Financial LLC, Charlottesville, Virginia.

38 

Table of Contents 

Item 6.

Selected Consolidated Financial Data

The following tables set forth certain consolidated financial and other data of Trinity at the dates and for the periods indicated.

(1) 
 
 Computed by dividing total stockholders  equity less preferred stock, including net stock owned by the Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ), by shares outstanding at end of period.

(2) 
 
 Computed by dividing dividends declared per common share by earnings (loss) per common share.

(3) 
 
 Computed by dividing dividends on consolidated statements of changes in stockholders  equity by weighted average common shares outstanding.

39 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 
 Calculated by dividing net income (loss) by average assets.

(2) 
 
 Calculated by dividing net income (loss) by average stockholders  equity, including stock owned by ESOP participants, net of unearned ESOP shares.

(3) 
 
 Calculated by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by average common stockholders  equity, including stock owned by ESOP participants, net of unearned ESOP shares.

(4) 
 
 Calculated by dividing net interest income (adjusting for federal and state exemption of interest income and certain other permanent income tax differences) by average earning assets.

(5) 
 
 Calculated by dividing operating expense by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income.

40 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 
 Ratios presented are for Trinity on a consolidated basis.  See Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Resources  and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8.

Item 7. 
 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management s current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements, including as a result of the factors we describe under Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. See  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  appearing at the beginning of this Form 10-K and  Risk Factors  set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

The Company s net loss available to common shareholders was reduced by $7.3 million from a net loss of $9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 to net loss of $1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. This loss was primarily attributable to the decrease in interest income on loans and the decrease in income on the venture capital investments.  Offsetting these factors was a reduction in professional and legal fees in connection with the audits for the restatements of financial statements, a decrease in losses on sale of OREO properties, a decrease in loan loss provisions, and a decrease in interest expenses. As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company reached a settlement with the SEC on September 28, 2015, resolving the previously reported investigation which began in January 2013.  Under the terms of the agreement with the SEC, the Company will continue to provide assistance in any proceeding or investigation relating to the settlement.  Additionally, the Company is cooperating with requests for information received from SIGTARP and DOJ.  The related investigations resulted in the significant increase in legal, professional and accounting fees from prior periods and the imposition of a civil monetary penalty in the amount of $1.5 million. The penalty imposed is reflected in the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014. 

41 

Table of Contents 

The Company continues to experience challenges in its loan portfolio, with high levels of non-performing loans and foreclosed properties.  In response to these challenges and to proactively position the Company to meet these challenges, we continue to reduce our concentration in the construction real estate portfolio and have taken other steps in compliance with the regulatory enforcement actions taken against the Company and the Bank. 

Regulatory Actions Against the Company and the Bank. 

As discussed in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K, the FRB entered into the Written Agreement with Trinity.  The Written Agreement requires Trinity to serve as a source of strength to the Bank and restricts Trinity s ability to issue dividends and other capital distributions and to repurchase or redeem any Trinity stock without the prior written approval of the FRB.  The Written Agreement further requires that Trinity implement a capital plan, subject to approval by the FRB, and submit cash flow projections to the FRB.  Finally, the Written Agreement requires Trinity to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide quarterly progress reports to the FRB. Additionally, the Bank entered into a Consent Order with the OCC.  The Consent Order focuses on improving the Bank s credit administration, credit underwriting, internal controls, compliance and management supervision.  Additionally, the Consent Order requires that the Bank maintain certain capital ratios and receive approval of the OCC prior to declaring dividends.  The Consent Order requires the Bank to maintain the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to average total assets of at least 8%; and (ii) a ratio of Total Capital to total risk-weighted assets of at least 11%.  The Company continues to take action to ensure the satisfaction of the requirements under the Consent Order and the Written Agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses:    The allowance for loan and lease losses is that amount which, in management s judgment, is considered appropriate to provide for probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio. In analyzing the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, management uses a comprehensive loan grading system to determine risk potential in the portfolio, and considers the results of periodic internal and external loan reviews. Specific reserves for impaired loans and historical loss experience factors, combined with other considerations, such as delinquency, nonaccrual, trends on criticized and classified loans, economic conditions, concentrations of credit risk, and experience and abilities of lending personnel, are also considered in analyzing the adequacy of the allowance.  Management uses a systematic methodology, which is applied quarterly, to determine the amount of allowance for loan losses and the resultant provisions for loan losses it considers adequate to provide for probable incurred loan losses.  In the event that different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, and depending upon the severity of such changes, the possibility of materially different financial condition or results of operations is a reasonable likelihood.  

The allowance consists of specific and general components.  The specific component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.   The general component covers non impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for current factors.  The general component is based upon (a) h istoric performance ; and ( b )  an estimate of the impact of environmental or qualitative factors  based on l evels of credit concentrations; lending policies and procedures; the nature and volume of the portfolio; the experience, ability and depth of lending management and staff; the volume and severity of past dues, criticized, classified and nonaccrual loans; the quality of the loan review system; the change in economic conditions; loan collateral value for dependent loans; and other external factors, examples of which are changes in regulations, laws or legal precedent and competition. 

While management uses the best information available to make its evaluation, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if there are significant changes in economic conditions.  In addition, as an integral part of their examination process, regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to make additions to the allowance based on their evaluation of information available at the time of their examinations. 

Investment securities:   Securities classified as available for sale are debt securities the Bank intends to hold for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily to maturity.  Any decision to sell a security classified as available for sale would be based on various factors, including significant movements in interest rates, changes in the maturity mix of the Bank's assets and liabilities, liquidity needs, regulatory capital considerations and other similar factors.  Securities available for sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as other comprehensive income, net of the related deferred tax effect.  Securities classified as held to maturity are those securities that the Bank has the ability and positive intent to hold until maturity.  These securities are reported at amortized cost.  Sales of investment securities held to maturity within three months of maturity are treated as maturities. Realized gains or losses, determined on the basis of the cost of specific securities sold, are included in earnings. 

42 

Table of Contents 

Purchase premiums and discounts are generally recognized in interest income using the interest method over the term of the securities.  For mortgage-backed securities, estimates of prepayments are considered in the constant yield calculations. 

Securities available for sale are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of deferred income taxes. Declines in fair value of individual securities, below their amortized cost, are evaluated by management to determine whether the decline is temporary or  other-than-temporary.  Declines in the fair value of available for sale securities below their cost that are deemed  other-than-temporary  are reflected in earnings as impairment losses. In determining whether other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) exists, management considers whether: (1) we have the intent to sell the security, (2) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis, and (3) we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. When we determine that OTTI has occurred, the amount of the OTTI recognized in earnings depends on whether we intend to sell the security or whether it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the OTTI recognized in earnings is equal to the entire difference between the investment s amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance sheet date. If we do not intend to sell the security, and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the OTTI is separated into the amount representing the credit loss and the amount related to all other factors. The amount of the total OTTI related to the credit loss is determined based on the present value of cash flows expected to be collected, using the original yield as the discount rate, and is recognized in earnings. The amount of the total OTTI related to other factors is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. The previous amortized cost basis less the OTTI recognized in earnings becomes the new amortized cost basis of the investment. The assessment of whether an OTTI exists involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and is based on the information available to management at the time. 

Deferred Tax Asset  s:  A valuation allowance is required for deferred tax assets ( DTA ) if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the asset may not be realized due to the inability to generate sufficient taxable income in the period and/or of the character necessary to utilize the benefit of the DTA. In making this assessment, all sources of taxable income available to realize the DTA are considered, including taxable income in prior carryback years, future reversals of existing temporary differences, tax planning strategies, and future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carry-forwards. The predictability that future taxable income, exclusive of reversing temporary differences, will occur is the most subjective of these four sources. The presence of cumulative losses in recent years is considered significant negative evidence, making it difficult for a company to rely on future taxable income, exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carry-forwards, as a reliable source of taxable income to realize a DTA. Judgment is a critical element in making this assessment. Changes in the valuation allowance that result from favorable changes in those circumstances that cause a change in judgment about the realization of deferred tax assets in future years are recorded through income tax expense. 

In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considered all available evidence about the realization of DTAs, both positive and negative, that could be objectively verified. The Company s positive evidence was insufficient to overcome the negative evidence.  Therefore, the Company continues to maintain a full valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2015. 

Reversal of the DTA valuation allowance is subject to considerable judgment. However, the Company expects to reverse the DTA valuation allowance once it has demonstrated a sustainable return to profitability and experienced consecutive profitable quarters coupled with a forecast of sufficient continuing profitability. Depending upon the level of forecasted taxable income, the degree of probability related to realizing the forecasted taxable income, and the estimated risk related to credit quality, a reversal of the valuation allowance could occur. In that event, there will remain limitations on the ability to include the DTA for regulatory capital purposes. Pursuant to regulatory requirements, DTAs that arise from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are shown as a deduction from common equity tier 1 capital and additional tier 1 capital based on transition provisions starting in 2015 with these DTAs being fully deducted from common equity tier 1 capital in 2018.  DTAs that arise from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks which exceed either a 10% or 15% threshold of common equity tier 1 capital are reported as deductions from common equity tier 1 capital.  Finally, DTAs that arise from temporary differences that can be realized through net operating loss carrybacks are not subject to deduction. 

43 

Table of Contents 

Other Real Estate Owned ( OREO ):   OREO, consisting of properties obtained through a foreclosure proceeding or through an in-substance foreclosure in satisfaction of loans, is reported at the lower of cost or fair value, determined on the basis of current appraisals, comparable sales, and other estimates of fair value obtained principally from independent sources, adjusted for estimated selling costs. Management also considers other factors or recent developments, such as changes in absorption rates or market conditions from the time of valuation and anticipated sales values considering management s plans for disposition, which could result in adjustments to the collateral value estimates indicated in the appraisals. Significant judgments and complex estimates are required in estimating the fair value of other real estate, and the period of time within which such estimates can be considered current is significantly shortened during periods of market volatility. In response to market conditions and other economic factors, management may utilize liquidation sales as part of its distressed asset disposition strategy. As a result of the significant judgments required in estimating fair value and the variables involved in different methods of disposition, the net proceeds realized from sales transactions could differ significantly from appraisals, comparable sales, and other estimates used to determine the fair value of other real estate. Management reviews the value of other real estate each quarter and adjusts the values as appropriate.  

Mortgage Servicing Rights ( MSRs ):    The expected and actual rates of mortgage loan prepayments are the most significant factors driving the value of MSRs. Increases in mortgage loan prepayments reduce estimated future net servicing cash flows because the life of the underlying loan is reduced.  In determining the fair value of the MSRs, mortgage interest rates, which are used to determine prepayment rates and discount rates, are held constant over the estimated life of the portfolio.  Fair values of the MSRs are calculated on a monthly basis.  The values are based upon current market conditions and assumptions for comparable mortgage servicing contracts, which incorporate the expected life of the loans, estimated costs to service the loans, servicing fees to be received and other factors. The valuation model calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing income. MSRs are carried at the lower of the initial capitalized amount, net of accumulated amortization, or fair value.  

The primary risk characteristics of the underlying loans used to stratify the servicing assets for the purposes of measuring impairment are interest rate and original term. 

A valuation allowance is used to recognize impairments of our MSRs. An MSR is considered impaired when the fair value of the MSR is below the amortized book value of the MSR.  The MSRs are accounted by risk tranche, with the interest rate and term of the underlying loan being the primary strata used in distinguishing the tranches. Each tranche is evaluated separately for impairment. 

MSRs are analyzed for impairment on a monthly basis.  The underlying loans on all serviced loans are reviewed and, based upon the value of MSRs that are traded on the open market, a current fair value is assigned for each risk tranche in our portfolio and then compared to the current amortized book value for each tranche.  The change in fair value (up to the amortized value of the MSR) is recorded as an adjustment to the MSR valuation allowance, with the offset recorded to earnings. 

Fees earned for MSRs are recorded as mortgage loan servicing fees on the consolidated statement of operations.  The fees are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal; or a fixed amount per loan and are recorded as income when earned.  The amortization of MSRs as well as change in any valuation allowances are netted against loans servicing fee income. 

Results of Operations 

The profitability of the Company s operations depends primarily on its net interest income, which is the difference between total interest earned on interest-earning assets and total interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities.  The Company s net income is also affected by its provision for loan losses as well as noninterest income and noninterest expenses. 

44 

Table of Contents 

Net interest income is affected by changes in the volume and mix of interest-earning assets, the level of interest rates earned on those assets, the volume and mix of interest-bearing liabilities, and the level of interest rates paid on those interest-bearing liabilities.  Provision for loan losses is dependent on changes in the loan portfolio and management s assessment of the collectability of the loan portfolio, as well as economic and market conditions.  Noninterest income and noninterest expenses are impacted by growth of operations and growth in the number of accounts.  Noninterest expenses are impacted by additional employees, branch facilities and promotional marketing expenses.  A number of accounts affect noninterest income, including service fees as well as noninterest expenses such as computer services, supplies, postage, telecommunications and other miscellaneous expenses. 

Net Income (Loss).  Net loss available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $1.9 million, or a diluted loss per common share of $0.29, compared to net loss available to common shareholders of $9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, or diluted loss per common share of $1.43, a decrease of $7.3 million in net losses and a decrease in diluted loss per common share of $1.14.  This decrease in net loss available to common shareholders was primarily due to decreases of $3.6 million in professional, legal and accounting fees, a decrease of $2.4 million in losses on sales of OREO properties, a decrease in the loan loss provision of $1.5 million, a decrease of $1 million in interest expense on deposits, $800 thousand decreases in both salaries and employee benefits and occupancy expenses, and an increase of $1.6 million in investment securities interest income.  These fluctuations were partially offset by a decrease in interest income on loans including loan fees of $6.4 million.  Reductions in the net loan portfolio of $63.4 million resulted in an adverse effect on the interest income earned on loans. The reduction in the size of the loan portfolio was driven by management s focus on reducing nonperforming assets and positioning the Bank to meet and exceed its targeted capital levels.  The decrease in the provision for loan losses was due to decreases in the loan portfolio and in the amount of non-performing loans. The decrease in legal, professional and accounting fees was due to decreased costs associated with the restatement of the consolidated financial statements and the related requests for information pertaining to the restatements for regulatory agencies, including the SEC, as well as compliance with enforcement actions issued by bank regulators. A reduction in interest-bearing deposits of $37 million resulted in a decline for net interest expense on deposits. 

Net loss available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $9.2 million, or diluted loss per common share of $1.43, compared to a net income available to common shareholders of $10.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, or a diluted earnings per common share of $1.66, a decrease of $19.9 million in net income and a decrease in diluted earnings per common share of $3.09.  This decrease in net income available to common shareholders was primarily due to decreases in interest income on loans of $9.2 million and decrease in net gain on sale of loans of $2.8 million as well as increases in legal, professional and accounting fees of $3.7 million, a $2 million provision for loan loss expense, amortization and valuation of MSRs of $1.5 million and the payment of a civil monetary penalty of $1.5 million to the SEC. These fluctuations were partially offset by decreases in collection expenses of $3.2 million and interest expense on deposits of $1.6 million. Reductions in the net loan portfolio of $143 million resulted in an adverse effect on the interest income earned on loans. The reduction in the size of the loan portfolio was driven by management s focus on reducing nonperforming assets and positioning the Bank to meet and exceed its targeted capital levels. Net gain on sale of loans decreased mainly due to a lower volume of loans sold in 2014 compared to 2013.  The increase in the provision for loan losses was due to loan impairment adjustments identified in subsequent event reviews and to provide an adequate reserve for problem loans. The increase in legal, professional and accounting fees was due to increased costs associated with the restatement of the consolidated financial statements and the related requests for information pertaining to the restatements for regulatory agencies, including the SEC, as well as compliance with enforcement actions issued by bank regulators. Collection expenses decreased primarily due to a lower volume of appraisals and title work as a result of the restatement work which occurred in 2013 and sale or refinance of OREO properties under third-party management.  A reduction in interest-bearing deposits of $95.9 million resulted in a decline for net interest expense on deposits. The increase in the amortization and valuation of MSRs was due to an increase in the valuation allowance. 

45 

Table of Contents 

Net Interest Income.  The following table presents, for the periods indicated the total dollar amount of interest income from average interest-earning assets and the resultant yields, as well as the interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, and the resultant costs, expressed both in dollars and rates: 

(2) 
 
 Interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities.

(3) 
 
 Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets.

In 2015, net interest income decreased $3.1 million to $41.7 million from $44.8 million in 2014 due to lower interest income of $4.6 million offset by a decrease in interest expense of $1.5 million from 2014.  Net interest income decreased primarily due to a lower average volume of loans of $112.9 million partially offset by an increase in average taxable investment securities of $91.6 million.  The lower volume of loans and earning assets in general resulted in the average yield on earning assets to decline 22 basis points to 3.45% from 3.67% in 2014.  The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to a decrease in the average volume of time deposits of $62.7 million partially offset by an increase in average savings deposits of $20.4 million.  The reduction in volume and shift in deposit mix caused the cost of interest-bearing liabilities to decline 10 basis points to 0.50% from 0.60% in 2014. The decrease in the cost of funds on interest-bearing liabilities is a result of an effort by management to decrease the cost of funds and increase the overall interest margin, causing existing deposits to reprice at lower interest rates, and causing new deposits to be priced at lower interest rates.  Net interest margin decreased 13 basis points to 3.02% in 2015 from 3.15% in 2014. 

46 

Table of Contents 

In 2014, net interest income decreased $7.1 million to $44.8 million from $51.9 million in 2013 due to lower interest income of $8.5 million offset by a decrease in interest expense of $1.5 million from 2013.  Net interest income decreased primarily due to a lower average volume of loans of $167.4 million partially offset by an increase in average taxable investment securities of $41.2 million.  The lower volume of loans and earning assets in general resulted in the average yield on earning assets to decline 46 basis points to 3.67% from 4.13% in 2013.  The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to a decrease in the average volume of time deposits of $69.0 million partially offset by an increase in average money market deposits of $45.7 million.  The reduction in volume and shift in deposit mix caused the cost of interest-bearing liabilities to decline 9 basis points to 0.60% from 0.69% in 2013. The decrease in the cost of funds on interest-bearing liabilities is a result of an effort by management to decrease the cost of funds and increase the overall interest margin, causing existing deposits to reprice at lower interest rates, and causing new deposits to be priced at lower interest rates.  Net interest margin decreased 38 basis points to 3.15% in 2014 from 3.53% in 2013. 

Volume, Mix and Rate Analysis of Net Interest Income.  The following table presents the extent to which changes in volume and interest rates of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities have affected interest income and interest expense during the periods indicated.  Information is provided on changes in each category due to (i) changes attributable to changes in volume (change in volume times the prior period interest rate) and (ii) changes attributable to changes in interest rate (changes in rate times the prior period volume). Changes attributable to the combined impact of volume and rate have been allocated proportionally to the changes due to volume and the changes due to rate. 

47 

Table of Contents 

Provision for Loan Losses.  Our allowance for loan losses is established through charges to income in the form of the provision in order to bring our allowance for loan losses to a level deemed appropriate by management. The allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 was $17.4 million and $28.4 million, respectively, representing 2.1% and 2.7% of total loans as of such dates. We recorded a $500 thousand provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared with $2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in the provision was primarily due to a decrease in impaired loan balances.  See the Balance Sheet section below for further information on provision for loan losses.

The provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $2.0 million compared with no provision for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in the provision was largely the result of impairment adjustments identified during subsequent event reviews to maintain an adequate reserve for the current portfolio.

Noninterest Income.  Changes in  noninterest  income between 2015 and 2014 and between 2014 and 2013 were as follows:

Noninterest income decreased $1.6 million to $11.6 million in 2015 from $13.2 million in 2014, primarily attributable to decrease in income on the venture capital investments of $1.4 million due to impairment and recorded losses reported to us, a decrease in service charges on deposits of $266 thousand, and a decrease of mortgage servicing income of $130 thousand.

Noninterest income decreased $2.3 million to $13.2 million in 2014 from $15.5 million in 2013, primarily attributable to net gain on sale of loans decreasing $2.8 million due to a lower volume of loans sold in 2014 compared to 2013. The reduction in the volume of loans sold was reflective of the decline in residential mortgage activity in the Bank s market.

48 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest Expenses.  Changes in  noninterest  expenses between 2015 and 2014 and between 2014 and 2013, were as follows:

Noninterest expenses decreased $9.9 million to $50.9 million in 2015 from $60.8 million in 2014. This decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of $3.6 million in legal, professional and accounting fees due to reduced fees associated with the restatement of our consolidated financial statements and the related requests from regulatory agencies, including with respect to the SEC investigation, for information regarding the restatements, as well as compliance with enforcement actions issued by bank regulators; decrease on losses on sale of OREO properties of $2.4 million, a decrease of $787 thousand in salaries and employee benefits, a decrease of $752 thousand in occupancy expenses, a decrease of $757 thousand included in the other category due to the payment of the civil money penalty to the SEC in 2014,  a decrease of $372 thousand in OREO property management expenses, a decrease of $297 thousand in bankcard and network expenses, and a decrease of $280 thousand in MSR amortization and valuation.

Noninterest expenses increased $6.3 million to $60.8 million in 2014 from $54.5 million in 2013. Legal, professional and accounting fees increased $3.7 million due to fees associated with the restatement of our consolidated financial statements and the related requests from regulatory agencies, including with respect to the SEC investigation, for information regarding the restatements, as well as compliance with enforcement actions issued by bank regulators. Amortization and valuation of MSRs increased $1.5 million due to a higher valuation allowance.  These increases were offset by decrease in collection expenses of $3.2 million primarily due to a lower volume of appraisals and title work as a result of the restatement work which occurred during 2013.  Write-downs of the carrying values of OREO increased $1.9 million to $2.7 million but were offset by an increase of $822 thousand in net gains on the sale of OREO.

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices.     The primary impact of inflation on our operations is increased operating costs.   Unlike industrial companies, nearly all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature.  As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on our performance than do the effects of general levels of inflation.  Over short periods of time, interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the price of goods and services.

49 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes.  Provision (benefit) for income taxes decreased $1.2 million from 2014 to 2015 .    There was no income tax provision or benefit in 2015 due to a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets.  For further discussion of income taxes, see Note 14  Income Taxes  in Item 8  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data .

Financial Condition

Balance Sheet-General.  Total assets as of December 31, 2015 were $1.4 billion, decreasing $46 million from $1.45 billion as of December 31, 2014.  During 2015, net loans decreased by $63.4 million and cash and cash equivalents decreased by $58.5 million, but were offset by an increase of $100 million in investment securities available for sale.  During the same period total liabilities decreased to $1.32 billion, a decrease of $43.2 million.  Stockholders  equity (excluding stock owned by the ESOP) decreased $4.7 million to $76.3 million as of December 31, 2015 compared to $81.0 million as of December 31, 2014 primarily due to a decrease in retained earnings of $2.9 million.

Investment Securities.  We primarily utilize our investment portfolio to provide a source of earnings, to manage liquidity, to provide collateral to pledge against public deposits, and to manage interest rate risk. In managing the portfolio, the Company seeks to obtain the objectives of safety of principal, liquidity, diversification and maximized return on funds.  For an additional discussion with respect to these matters, see  Sources of Funds  included below under this Item 7 and  Asset Liability Management  included under Item 7A of this Form 10-K.

The following table sets forth the amortized cost and fair value of our securities portfolio:

U.S. government sponsored agency securities generally consist of fixed rate securities with maturities from four months to eight years.  States and political subdivision investment securities consist of a local issue rated  Aa1  by Moody s Investment Services with maturities of eight months to eleven years.

The Company had a total of $40.3 million in CMOs as of December 31, 2015.  The CMOs were private label issued or issued by U.S. government sponsored agencies.  At the time of purchase, the ratings of these securities ranged from AAA to Aaa.  As of December 31, 2015, the ratings of these securities ranged from AAA to BBB+, all of which are considered  Investment Grade  (rating of  BBB  or higher).  At the time of purchase and on a monthly basis, the Company reviews these securities for impairment on an other than temporary basis.  The Company utilizes several external sources to evaluate prepayments, delinquencies, loss severity, and other factors in determining if there is impairment.  As of December 31, 2015, none of these securities were deemed to have OTTI.  The Company continues to closely monitor the performance and ratings of these securities.

50 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, securities of no single issuer exceeded 10% of stockholders  equity, except for U.S. government sponsored agency securities.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding contractual maturities and the weighted average yields of our securities portfolio as of December 31, 2015:

(1)

Yield is reflected adjusting for federal and state exemption of interest income and certain other permanent income tax differences.

Loan Portfolio.  As a result of the economic downturn, loan demand has slowed and with management s focus on completing the restatement, levels of total loans decreased steadily from 2012 to 2015.  While loan demand remains weak in our markets, management is working to increase its portfolio of performing loans.  The total amounts in the residential real estate and construction real estate loan portfolios have steadily decreased primarily due to the Bank s strategy to diversify its portfolio.

The following table sets forth the composition of the loan portfolio:

Net loans decreased $63.4 million from $885.8 million as of December 31, 2014 to $822.4 million as of December 31, 2015.  The largest decreases were in gross residential real estate loans of $47.1 million, gross commercial loans of $15.3 million, and gross construction loans of $10.8 million.  Partially offset by increases in gross commercial real estate loans of $5.4 million.

51 

Table of Contents 

Loan Maturities.  The following table sets forth the maturity or repricing information for loans outstanding as of December 31, 2015:

Asset Quality.  Over the past several years,   the Bank experienced significant deterioration in asset quality due to the historic economic downturn.  Non-performing assets peaked in 2010 at approximately $100.0 million.

The following table sets forth the amounts of non-performing loans and non-performing assets as of the dates indicated:

52 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents data related to non-performing loans by dollar amount and category as of December 31, 2015 and 2014:

Continued:

Non-performing loans include (i) loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis and (ii) accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more as to interest and principal.  Management reviews the loan portfolio for problem loans on a regular basis with additional resources dedicated to resolving the non-performing loans. Additional internal controls were implemented to ensure the timely identification of signs of weaknesses in credits, facilitating efforts to rehabilitate or exit the relationship in a timely manner. External loan reviews, which have been conducted on a regular basis, were also revised to provide a broad scope and reviewers now have access to all elements of a relationship.  In 2015 and 2014, a significant portion of the loan portfolio was also examined by independent third party consultants.

53 

Table of Contents 

There were significant changes to the Bank s credit policy in 2014.  Among these were:

Bank s engagement of an independent third party to perform an annual review of no less than 40% of the commercial loan portfolio.  The review will include but not be limited to both new credits over $1 million in size closed in the previous twelve months and large relationships to insure proper closing and monitoring of these credits.

During the ordinary course of business, management may become aware of borrowers who may not be able to meet the contractual requirements of loan agreements.  Such loans are placed under close supervision with consideration given to placing the loan on nonaccrual status, increasing the allowance for loan losses, and (if appropriate) partial or full charge-off.  After a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, any interest previously accrued, but not yet collected, is reversed against current income.  When payments are received on nonaccrual loans, such payments will be applied to principal and any interest portion included in the payments are not included in income, but rather are applied to the principal balance of the loan.  Loans will not be placed back on accrual status unless all unpaid interest and principal payments are made.  If interest on nonaccrual loans had been accrued, such income would have amounted to $1.8 million and $3.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Our policy is to place loans 90 days past due on nonaccrual status.

We consider a loan to be impaired when, based on current information and events, we determine that it is probable that we will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the note, including interest payments.  When management identifies a loan as impaired, impairment is measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the loan s effective interest rates, except when the sole remaining source of repayment for the loan is the liquidation of the collateral.  In these cases management uses the current fair value of the collateral, less selling costs when foreclosure is probable, rather than discounted cash flows.  If management determines that the value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, an impairment is recognized through a charge-off to the allowance.

Non-performing assets also consist of other repossessed assets and OREO.  OREO represents properties acquired through foreclosure or other proceedings and are initially recorded at the fair value.  OREO is evaluated regularly to ensure that the recorded amount is supported by its current fair value.  Valuation allowances to reduce the carrying amount to fair value are recorded as necessary.  Revenues and expenses from the operations of OREO and changes in the valuation are included in noninterest expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.

As of December 31, 2015, total non-performing assets decreased $23.8 million to $38.7 million from $62.5 million as of December 31, 2014 primarily due to a decrease in non-accruing loans of $17.5 million.  The decreases in non-accruing loans were primarily in the categories of commercial real estate loans of $11.6 million, residential real estate loans of $3.2 million, commercial loans of $1.4 million, construction loans of $1.2 million, and installment and other loans of $106 thousand. The overall reduction in non-performing assets is a result of a combination of transfers to OREO and charge-offs.

54 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents a summary of OREO activity for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014:

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, total OREO consisted of:

As of December 31, 2015, there were a total of 34 properties in OREO.  Of these, three (3)  were commercial real estate properties, fifteen (15) were residential real estate properties and sixteen (16) were construction real estate properties.

55 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents an analysis of the allowance for loan losses for the periods presented:

Net charge-offs for 2015 totaled $7.9 million, an increase of $2.3 million from 2014 primarily due to increases in net charge-offs for commercial real estate loans of $2.2 million and increases in net charge-offs of construction real estate loans of $1.3 million, partially offset by decreases in net charge-offs for commercial loans of $1.0 million.

The following table sets forth the allocation of the allowance for loan losses for the years presented and the percentage of loans in each classification to total loans:

The allowance for loan losses decreased $7.4 million from $24.8 million as of December 31, 2014 to $17.4 million as of December 31, 2015. This reduction was largely due to net charge-offs in all loan categories. Non-recurring charge-offs in the amount of $4.1 million were required in 2015 due to a bulk sale of loans.  A $500 thousand and $2.0 million provision for loan loss was required during 2015 and 2014, respectively, due to impairment adjustments identified during subsequent event reviews to maintain an adequate reserve for the current portfolio. Specific reserves in the amount of $8.0 million were recorded as of December 31, 2014 to cover charge-offs recorded during 2015.  As of December 31, 2015 there are $4.2 million in specific reserves recorded to cover future charge-offs.  For further information, see the discussion in  Critical Accounting Policies Allowance for Loan Losses  above in this Item 7.

56 

Table of Contents 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the original contractual terms of the loan agreement, including both principal and interest.

The allocation of the allowance for impaired credits is equal to the recorded investment in the loan using one of three methods to measure impairment: the fair value of the collateral less disposition costs, the present value of expected future cash flows method, or the observable market price of the loan.  An impairment reserve that exceeds collateral value is charged to the allowance for loan losses in the period it is identified.   Total loans which were deemed to have been impaired, including both performing and non-performing loans, as of December 31, 2015 were $80.3 million.  Impaired loans that are deemed collateral dependent have been charged down to the value of the collateral (based upon the most recent valuations), less estimated disposition costs.  Impaired loans with specifically identified allocations of allowance for loan losses had a total of $4.2 million allocated in the allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2015.

TDRs are defined as those loans whose terms have been modified, due to deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower in which the Company grants concessions to the borrower in the restructuring that it would not otherwise consider.  Total loans which were considered TDRs as of December 31, 2015 were $64.5 million.  Of these, $53.9 million were still performing in accordance with modified terms as of December 31, 2015.

Although the Company believes the allowance for loan losses is sufficient to cover probable incurred losses inherent in the loan portfolio, there can be no assurance that the allowance will prove sufficient to cover actual loan losses.

Potential Problem Loans.    We utilize an internal asset classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem assets.  At the scheduled meetings of the Board of Directors of the Bank, a watch list is presented, listing significant loan relationships as  Special Mention,   Substandard,   Doubtful  and  Loss.   Substandard assets include those characterized by the distinct possibility that we will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Assets classified as Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values.  Assets classified as  Loss  are those considered uncollectible and viewed as valueless assets and have been charged-off.  Assets that do not currently expose us to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories, but possess weaknesses that deserve management s close attention are deemed to be Special Mention.

See Item 1  Explanatory Note  and Item 9A  Controls and Procedures  in this Form 10-K for a discussion of the restatement of previously issued financial statements as the result of correcting misstatements related to the Company s allowance for loan losses, carrying value of OREO and loan credit quality disclosures.

Our determination as to the classification of our assets and the amount of our valuation allowances is subject to review by the OCC, which can order the establishment of additional general or specific loss allowances.  There can be no assurance that regulators, in reviewing our loan portfolio, will not request us to materially adjust our allowance for loan losses.  The OCC, in conjunction with the other federal banking agencies, has adopted an interagency policy statement on the allowance for loan losses.  The policy statement provides guidance for financial institutions on both the responsibilities of management for the assessment and establishment of adequate allowances and guidance for banking agency examiners to use in determining the adequacy of general valuation guidelines.  Generally, the policy statement recommends that: (i) institutions establish effective systems and controls to identify, monitor and address asset quality problems; (ii) management has analyzed all significant factors that affect the collectability of the portfolio in a reasonable manner; and (iii) management established acceptable allowance evaluation processes that meet the objectives set forth in the policy statement.  Management believes it has established an adequate allowance for probable loan losses.  We analyze our process regularly, with modifications made if needed, and report those results four times per year at meetings of our Audit Committee.

Although management believes that adequate specific and general allowance for loan losses have been established, actual losses are dependent upon future events and, as such, further additions to the level of specific and general allowance for loan losses may become necessary.

57 

Table of Contents 

We define potential problem loans as performing loans rated Substandard that do not meet the definition of a non-performing loan.

The following table shows the amounts of performing but adversely classified assets and special mention loans as of the periods indicated:

The table above does not include nonaccrual loans that are less than 30 days past due.  Total performing adversely classified assets as of December 31, 2015 were $59.9 million, a decrease of $13.7 million from $73.6 million as of December 31, 2014.  The declines were primarily in the commercial real estate, commercial loans, and construction real estate loan categories.  In addition, special mention loans decreased $21.4 million.  These declines were primarily in commercial loans, construction real estate loans, and commercial real estate loans.  For further discussion of loans, see Note 4  Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses  in Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Sources of Funds

General.  Deposits, short-term and long-term borrowings, loan and investment security repayments and prepayments, proceeds from the sale of securities, and cash flows generated from operations are the primary sources of our funds for lending, investing and other general purposes.  Loan repayments are a relatively predictable source of funds except during periods of significant interest rate declines, while deposit flows tend to fluctuate with prevailing interests rates, money market conditions, general economic conditions and competition.

Deposits.  We offer a variety of deposit accounts with a range of interest rates and terms.  Our core deposits consist of checking accounts, NOW accounts, MMDA, savings accounts and non-public certificates of deposit.  These deposits, along with public fund deposits and short-term and long-term borrowings are used to support our asset base.  Our deposits are obtained predominantly from our market areas.  We rely primarily on competitive rates along with customer service and long-standing relationships with customers to attract and retain deposits; however, market interest rates and rates offered by competing financial institutions significantly affect our ability to attract and retain deposits.

The following table sets forth the maturities of time deposits $250 thousand and over:

Borrowings.  We have access to a variety of borrowing sources and use short-term and long-term borrowings to support our asset base.  Short-term borrowings were advances from the FHLB with remaining maturities under one year.  Long-term borrowings are advances from the FHLB with remaining maturities over one year.

58 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding our borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:

(1)

Excludes interest impact of compounding interest on deferred payments.

Liquidity

Bank Liquidity.  Liquidity management is monitored by the Asset/Liability Management Committee and Board of Directors of the Bank, who review historical funding requirements, current liquidity position, sources and stability of funding, marketability of assets, options for attracting additional funds, and anticipated future funding needs, including the level of unfunded commitments.

Our primary sources of funds are retail and commercial deposits, borrowings, public funds and funds generated from operations.  Funds from operations include principal and interest payments received on loans and securities.  While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities provide an indication of the timing of the receipt of funds, changes in interest rates, economic conditions and competition strongly influence mortgage prepayment rates and deposit flows, reducing the predictability of the timing on sources of funds.

We adhere to a liquidity policy, which was updated and approved by the Board of Directors in December 2015, which requires that we maintain the following liquidity ratios:

59 

Table of Contents 

The Liquidity Coverage Ratio is defined as the Anticipated Sources of Liquidity divided by the Anticipated Liquidity Needs 1.15 Times

Cumulative Liquidity Gap (% of cumulative net cash outflow over a six month period under a worst case scenario) 100%

Fed Funds Purchased are limited to 60% of the total Available Lines, leaving 40% available for emergency needs and potential funding needs.

FHLB Advances are limited to 75% of the Total Collateral Advance Capacity leaving 25% available for emergency liquidity needs and potential funding needs. 

Total Borrowings are limited to no more than 25% of Total Funding (which is defined as equal to Total Assets).

Wholesale (CDs) Funds is limited to no more than 25% of the Bank s Total Funding (total assets).

Brokered funds are not to exceed 20% of total funding without the prior approval of the Board of Directors.

The total aggregate balance of Wholesale Funds, Brokered Funds and Borrowings as defined above is limited to no more than 35% of Total Funding (total assets).

As of December 31, 2015 we were in compliance with the foregoing policy.  As of December 31, 2014 we were in compliance with the then effective liquidity policy as outlined in the December 31, 2014 Form 10-K filed on May 9, 2016.

As of December 31, 2015, we had outstanding loan origination commitments and unused commercial and retail lines of credit of $114.1 million and standby letters of credit of $7.6 million.  We anticipate we will have sufficient funds available to meet current origination and other lending commitments.  Certificates of deposit scheduled to mature within one year totaled $227.6 million as of December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, total certificates of deposits declined $56.5 million or 16.5% from the prior year end.

In the event that additional short-term liquidity is needed, we have established relationships with several large regional banks to provide short-term borrowings in the form of federal funds purchases.  We have the ability to borrow $20 million for a short period (15 to 60 days) from these banks on a collective basis. Management believes that we will be able to continue to borrow federal funds from our correspondent banks in the future. Additionally, we are a member of the FHLB and, as of December 31, 2015, we had the ability to borrow from the FHLB up to $112.6 million in additional funds.  We also may borrow through the FRB s discount window up to a total of $5.9 million on a short-term basis.  As a contingency plan for significant funding needs, the Asset/Liability Management Committee may also consider the sale of investment securities, selling securities under agreement to repurchase, sale of certain loans and/or the temporary curtailment of lending activities.

Company Liquidity.  Trinity s main sources of liquidity at the holding company level are dividends from the Bank.

The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal and state banking agencies, as well as the restrictions imposed by the Consent Order, which affect its ability to pay dividends to Trinity.  See Part I, Item 1  Business Supervision and Regulation Trinity Dividends Payments  and Part I, Item 1  Business Supervision and Regulation The Bank Dividend Payments  of this Form 10-K.  Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  The Consent Order also requires that the Bank maintain (i) a leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to total assets of at least 8%; and (ii) a ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets of at least 11%. As of December 31, 2015, the Bank was in compliance with these requirements.

The Bank has an internal Capital Plan which identifies potential sources for additional capital should it be deemed necessary.  For more information, see  Capital Resources  below and Note 19  Regulatory Matters  in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

60 

Table of Contents 

Stock Purchase Agreement.  On September 8, 2016, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Castle Creek Capital Partners VI, L.P. ( Castle Creek ), Patriot Financial Partners II, L.P., Patriot Financial Partners Parallel II, L.P. (together with Patriot Financial Partners II, L.P.,  Patriot ) and Strategic Value Bank Partners LLC, through its fund, Strategic Value Investors LP ( SVBP , and collectively, the  Investors ), pursuant to which the Company expects to raise gross proceeds of approximately $52 million in a private placement transaction and to issue shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of $4.75 per common share and shares of newly-created nonvoting noncumulative convertible perpetual Series C Preferred Stock at a purchase price of $475.00 per share of Series C Preferred Stock.  Proceeds from the private placement transaction will be used to repurchase all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, to pay the deferred interest on our trust preferred securities, and for general corporate purposes.  Closing of the private placement transaction is subject to the receipt of the necessary regulatory approvals or nonobjections for the use of proceeds described above. We currently anticipate that the private placement transaction will close in [October] 2016. There are no assurances that we will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or nonobjections or otherwise be able to close the private placement transaction.

In connection with the private placement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with each of Castle Creek and Patriot. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement for the purpose of registering the resale of the shares of the Common Stock and Series C preferred stock issued in the private placement and the underlying shares of Common Stock or non-voting Common Stock into which the shares of Series C preferred stock are convertible, as appropriate. The Company is obligated to file the registration statement no later than the third anniversary after the closing of the private placement.

Pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement, prior to closing, Castle Creek and Patriot will enter into side letter agreements with us.  Under the terms of a side letter agreements, each investor will be entitled to have one representative appointed to our Board of Directors for so long as such investor, together with its respective affiliates, owns, in the aggregate, 5% or more of all of the outstanding shares of  common stock (including shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C preferred stock or non-voting Common Stock).

Contractual Obligations, Commitments, and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements

We have various financial obligations, including contractual obligations and commitments, which may require future cash payments.

Contractual Obligations.  The following table presents significant fixed and determinable contractual obligations to third parties by payment date as of December 31, 2015.  For further discussion of the nature of each obligation, see Note 16  Commitments and Off-Balance-Sheet Activities  in Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for more information on each line item.

(1)

Excludes interest.

Deposits without a stated maturity and time deposits do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  While these deposits contractually can be withdrawn by the customer on the dates indicated in the above table, historical experience has shown these deposits to have low volatility.  Operating leases represent rental payments for office and storage property, as well as space for ATM installation in various locations.  The capital leases were acquired in 2006 for the land on which our third office in Santa Fe was constructed.  The leases contain a purchase option exercised in 2015, the cost of which is largely offset by a loan held on the property. The Company notified the owners of its intent to exercise its option to purchase the property and expects to complete the purchase or extend the leases in 2016.

61 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2015 the Company had a total of $6.9 million of accrued and unpaid interest due on the junior subordinated debt.

Data Processing Agreement.     In September 2015, the Bank entered into a data processing agreement with FIS, a global leader in banking and payments technology.   This agreement will allow the Bank to increase efficiency and functionality, and expand its services to better meet the needs of its customers.  The Bank implemented the FIS core system on July 18, 2016.   The contract has an initial term of five (5) years.   The terms of the agreement call for monthly payments based, in large part, on the amount of volume processed.   Currently, the Company anticipates that the required payments under the new agreement will total approximately $14.8 million over the initial term of the agreement.

Commitments.    The following table details the amounts and expected maturities of significant commitments as of December 31, 2015.  Further discussion of these commitments is included in Note 15  Commitments and Off-Balance-Sheet Activities  in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Commitments to extend credit, including loan commitments and standby letters of credit, do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, as these commitments may expire without being drawn upon.  Commitments to sell mortgage loans are offset by commitments from customers to enter into a mortgage loan.  The Bank s contract with customers specifically requires the customer to pay any fees incurred in the event that we cannot deliver a mortgage to the buyer according to the contract with the buyer of the mortgage.  The ESOP liquidity put is described in Note 12  Retirement Plans  in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Capital Resources

Banks and bank holding companies are subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies.  Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for bank, prompt corrective action regulations, involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices.  Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgements by regulators.  Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action.  The final rules implementing Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital guidelines for U.S. banks (Basel III rules) became effective for the Company on January 1, 2015 with full compliance with all of the requirements being phased in over a multi-year schedule, and fully phased in by January 1, 2019.  Under the prompt corrective action regulations, to be adequately capitalized a bank must maintain minimum ratios of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8%, Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6%, common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5%, and Tier 1 capital to total assets of 4%.  A  well capitalized  institution must maintain minimum ratios of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 10%, Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8%, common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.5%, and Tier 1 capital to total assets of at least 5% and must not be subject to any written order, agreement or directive requiring it to meet or maintain a specific capital level.

62 

Table of Contents 

A certain amount of Trinity s Tier 1 Capital is in the form of trust preferred securities. See Note 10,  Junior Subordinated Debt  in Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  for details on the effect these have on risk based capital. See  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further information regarding changes in the regulatory environment affecting capital.

As previously discussed, on December 17, 2013, the Bank entered into the Consent Order with the OCC, which replaced the Formal Agreement.   The focus of the Consent Order is on improving the Bank s credit administration, credit underwriting, internal controls, compliance and management supervision.  Additionally, the Consent Order requires that the Bank maintain certain capital ratios and receive approval of the OCC prior to declaring dividends.  The Consent Order requires the Bank to maintain the following minimum capital ratios: (i) a leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total assets of at least 8%; and (ii) a ratio of Total Capital to total risk-weighted assets of at least 11%.  While the Bank s capital ratios as of December 31, 2015 fall into the category of  well-capitalized,  the Bank cannot be considered  well-capitalized  due to the requirement to meet and maintain a specific capital level in the Consent Order pursuant to the prompt corrective action rules. As of December 31, 2015, the Bank was in compliance with these requirements.  The required and actual amounts and ratios for Trinity and the Bank as of December 31, 2015 are presented below:

N/A not applicable

63 

Table of Contents 

Statement of Cash Flows

Net cash provided by operating activities was $22.1 million, $5.1 million and $31.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $17.0 million from 2014 to 2015 primarily due to increases in net income of $7.9 million and a net increase in the volume of originations and sales of loans held for sale in the amount of $5.3 million. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased $26.9 million from 2013 to 2014 primarily due to decreases in net income of $18.9 million and a net decrease of the volume of originations and sales loans held for sale of $14.8 million.

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $(32.2) million, $51.5 million and $108.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  Net cash provided by investing activities decreased $83.7 million from 2014 to 2015 primarily due to an increase of $37.2 million used to purchase loans, a $31.1 million decrease in loan pay downs, and an increase of $22.6 million used to purchase investment securities available for sale.  An increase in the proceeds from the sale of investment securities of $11.0 million offset a portion of the decrease in cash provided by investing activities. Net cash provided by investing activities decreased $57.3 million from 2013 to 2014 primarily due to an increase of $78.5 million used to purchase investment securities available for sale.  An increase in the funding of loans, net of repayments, of $6.1 million and an increase in proceeds from the sale of OREO of $7.3 million offset a portion of the decrease in cash provided by investing activities.

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities was ($48.4) million, ($100.4) million and ($10.6) million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  The decrease in cash used in financing activities of $51.9 million from 2014 to 2015 was primarily due to a decrease in cash outflows from deposits of $71.8 million and a repayment of borrowings for $20 million.  The net decrease in total deposits was due to a decision by management to decrease the amount of public deposits in order to decrease excess liquidity and increase capital ratios. From 2013 to 2014, net cash provided by financing activities decreased $89.8 million primarily due to a decrease in cash from deposits of $90.3 million.  This net decrease in total deposits was due to a decision by management to decrease the amount of public deposits in order to decrease excess liquidity and increase capital ratios.

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Asset Liability Management

Our net interest income is subject to  interest rate risk  to the extent that it can vary based on changes in the general level of interest rates.  It is our policy to maintain an acceptable level of interest rate risk over a range of possible changes in interest rates while remaining responsive to market demand for loan and deposit products.  The strategy we employ to manage our interest rate risk involves measuring our risk using an asset/liability simulation model and adjusting the maturity of securities in our investment portfolio to manage that risk.

Interest rate risk is also measured by analyzing the extent to which the repricing of assets and liabilities are mismatched to create an interest sensitivity  gap.   An asset or liability is considered to be interest rate sensitive within a specific time period if it will mature or reprice within that time period.  The interest rate sensitivity gap is defined as the difference between the amount of interest-earning assets maturing or repricing within a specific time period and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing within that same time period.  A gap is considered positive when the amount of interest rate sensitive assets exceeds the amount of interest rate sensitive liabilities.  A gap is considered negative when the amount of interest rate sensitive liabilities exceeds the amount of interest rate sensitive assets.  During a period of rising interest rates, therefore, a negative gap would tend to adversely affect net interest income.  Conversely, during a period of falling interest rates, a negative gap position would tend to result in an increase in net interest income.

The following table sets forth the amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities outstanding as of December 31, 2015, which we anticipate, based upon certain assumptions, to reprice or mature in each of the future time periods shown.  Except as stated below, the amount of assets and liabilities shown which reprice or mature during a particular period was determined based on the earlier of the term to repricing or the term to repayment of the asset or liability.  The table is intended to provide an approximation of the projected repricing of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2015, on the basis of contractual maturities and scheduled rate adjustments within a three-month period and subsequent selected time intervals.  The loan amounts in the table reflect principal balances expected to be reinvested and/or repriced as a result of contractual amortization and rate adjustments on adjustable-rate loans.  The contractual maturities and amortization of loans and investment securities reflect prepayment assumptions.

64 

Table of Contents 

Certain shortcomings are inherent in the method of analysis presented in the foregoing table.  For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates.  Also, the interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types of assets may lag behind changes in market rates.  Additionally, in the event of a change in interest rates, prepayment and early withdrawal levels would likely deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the table.  Therefore, we do not rely solely on a gap analysis to manage our interest rate risk, but rather we use what we believe to be the more reliable simulation model relating to changes in net interest income.

65 

Table of Contents 

Based on simulation modeling as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, our net interest income would likely change over a two-year time period due to changes in interest rates as follows:

Change in Net Interest Income Over Two Year Horizon

Our simulation modeling assumed that changes in interest rates are immediate.

Changes in net interest income between the periods above reflect changes in the composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, related interest rates, repricing frequencies, and the fixed or variable characteristics of the interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.  Projections of income given by the model are not actual predictions, but rather show our relative interest rate risk.  Actual interest income may vary from model projections.

66 

Table of Contents 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

67 

Table of Contents 

Crowe Horwath LLP

Independent Member Crowe Horwath International

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

Trinity Capital Corporation

Los Alamos, New Mexico

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Trinity Capital Corporation   Subsidiaries ( the Company ) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.  Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly, we express no such opinion.   An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

/s/  Crowe Horwath LLP

Sacramento, California

October 31, 2016

68 

Table of Contents 

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION   SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

December 31, 2015 and 2014

(In thousands, except share data)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

69 

Table of Contents 

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION   SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Years Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013

(In thousands, except per share data)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

70 

Table of Contents 

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION   SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

Years Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013

(In thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

71 

Table of Contents 

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION   SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY

Years Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013

(In thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

72 

Table of Contents 

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION   SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Years Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013

(In thousands)

Continued next page

73 

Table of Contents 

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION   SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS CONTINUED

Years Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013

(In thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

74 

Table of Contents 

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION   SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2015, 2014 AND 2013

Note 1. Significant Accounting Policies

Consolidation:   The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the consolidated balances and results of operations of Trinity Capital Corporation ( Trinity ) and its wholly owned subsidiaries: Los Alamos National Bank (the  Bank ), TCC Advisors Corporation ( TCC Advisors ), LANB Investment Advisors, LLC ( LANB Investment Advisors ), and TCC Funds, collectively referred to as the  Company.  Trinity Capital Trust I ( Trust I ), Trinity Capital Trust III ( Trust III ), Trinity Capital Trust IV ( Trust IV ) and Trinity Capital Trust V ( Trust V ), collectively referred to as the  Trusts,  are trust subsidiaries of Trinity.  Trinity owns all of the outstanding common securities of the Trusts. The Trusts are considered variable interest entities ( VIEs ) under ASC Topic 810,   "Consolidation."    Because Trinity is not the primary beneficiary of the Trusts, the financial statements of the Trusts are not included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company.   Title Guaranty   Insurance Company ( Title Guaranty ) was acquired in 2000 and its assets were subsequently sold in August 2012.  As of December 31, 2013, all operations of Title Guaranty had ended.  Substantially all of the assets of TCC Advisors was sold in January 2015.  Trinity is in the process of dissolving this entity.

Basis of presentation:  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. Significant intercompany items and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and general practices within the financial services industry.  In preparing the financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance sheet and revenues and expenses for the year then ended.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Nature of operations:   The Company provides a variety of financial services to individuals, businesses and government organizations through its offices in Los Alamos, Santa Fe and Albuquerque, New Mexico.  Its primary deposit products are term certificate, Negotiable Order of Withdrawal ( NOW ) and savings accounts and its primary lending products are commercial, residential and construction real estate loans.  The Company also offers trust and wealth management services.

Deposits with banks and securities purchased under resell agreements:   For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, amounts due from banks (including cash items in process of clearing), interest-bearing deposits with banks with original maturities of 90 days or less.

Investment securities:    Securities classified as available for sale are debt securities the Bank intends to hold for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily to maturity.  Any decision to sell a security classified as available for sale would be based on various factors, including significant movements in interest rates, changes in the maturity mix of the Bank's assets and liabilities, liquidity needs, regulatory capital considerations and other similar factors.  Securities available for sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as other comprehensive income, net of the related deferred tax effect.   Securities classified as held to maturity are those securities that the Company has the ability and positive intent to hold until maturity.  These securities are reported at amortized cost.  Sales of investment securities held to maturity within three months of maturity are treated as maturities. Realized gains or losses are included in earnings on the trade date and are determined on the basis of the cost of specific securities sold.

Purchase premiums and discounts are generally recognized in interest income using the interest method over the term of the securities.  For mortgage-backed securities, estimates of prepayments are considered in the constant yield calculations.

An investment security is impaired if the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis.  Once the security is impaired, a determination must be made to determine if it is other than temporarily impaired ( OTTI ).

75 

Table of Contents 

In determining OTTI losses, management considers many factors, including: current market conditions, fair value in relationship to cost; extent and nature of the change in fair value; issuer rating changes and trends; whether it intends to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis of the investment, which may be maturity; and other factors.  For debt securities, if management intends to sell the security or it is likely that the Bank will be required to sell the security before recovering its cost basis, the entire impairment loss would be recognized in earnings as an OTTI.  If management does not intend to sell the security and it is not likely that the Bank will be required to sell the security, but management does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security, only the portion of the impairment loss representing credit losses would be recognized in earnings.  The credit loss on a security is measured as the difference between the amortized cost basis and the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected.  Projected cash flows are discounted by the original or current effective interest rate depending on the nature of the security being measured for potential OTTI.  The remaining impairment related to the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and fair value is recognized as a charge to other comprehensive income.

Non-marketable equity securities:   The Bank, as a member of the FHLB, is required to maintain an investment in common stock of the FHLB based upon borrowings made from the FHLB and based upon various classes of loans in the Bank s portfolio.  FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank ( FRB ) stock do not have readily determinable fair values as ownership is restricted and they lack a market.  As a result, these stocks are carried at cost and evaluated periodically by management for impairment.

Also included are the Bank s investments in certain venture capital funds totaling $1.0 million and $3.3 million as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively.  The Bank s $50 thousand interest in Cottonwood Technology Group, LLC was written off in the year ending December 31, 2015.  The Bank is the only member of FNM Investment Fund IV, LLC ( FNM Investment Fund IV ).  As of December 31, 2015, the new market tax credit of FNM Investment Fund IV of $305 thousand was fully amortized to zero and the current outstanding commercial loan amount was $5.2 million. The commercial loan is included in  loans, net  on the consolidated balance sheets.  The Bank holds an interest in Southwest Medical Technologies, LLC.  During the year ending December 31, 2015 the Bank received a $200 thousand cash distribution and wrote down the remaining $201 thousand investment in Southwest Medical Technologies, LLC to zero.  The Bank holds an interest in New Mexico Mezzanine Partners, LP.  During the year ending December 31, 2015 the Bank received a $120 thousand cash distribution and wrote down the investment by $300 thousand to $138 thousand.  The Bank holds an interest in Puente Partners, LLC.  During the year ending December 31, 2015 the Bank received a distribution in the form of stock in an Albuquerque based pharmaceutical company initially valued at less than $6 thousand.  The pharmaceutical company was subsequently dissolved and the Bank wrote the Puente partners, LLC investment down by $280 thousand to zero.  The Bank holds an interest in VSpring II, LP.  During the year ending December 31, 2015 the Bank recorded partnership operating losses of $70 thousand which reduced the carrying value of VSpring II, LP to $92 thousand.  The Bank holds an interest in CCP/Respira, LP.  During the year ending December 31, 2015 the Bank brought the carrying value of CCP/Respira, LP to zero.   During the year ended December 31, 2015 the Bank sold its interest in PCM/FibeRio, LP and recorded a $182 thousand loss as a result of the sale.

These non-marketable investments are carried at net equity value and evaluated periodically by management for impairment.  Investments with fair values that are less than amortized cost are considered impaired.  Impairment may result from either a decline in the financial condition of the issuing entity or, in the case of fixed rate investments, from rising interest rates.  At each financial statement date, management assesses each investment to determine if impaired investments are temporarily impaired or if the impairment is other than temporary based upon the evidence available.  Evidence evaluated includes (if applicable), but is not limited to, industry analyst reports, credit market conditions, and interest rate trends.  If negative evidence outweighs positive evidence that the carrying amount is recoverable within a reasonable period of time, the impairment is recognized with a charge to earnings.

Loans held for sale:   Mortgage loans originated and intended for sale in the secondary market are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or fair value, as determined by outstanding commitments from investors. Net unrealized losses, if any, are recorded as a valuation allowance and charged to earnings.

Mortgage loans held for sale are generally sold with servicing rights retained; however, management intends to sell newly originated mortgage loans with servicing rights released going forward. The carrying value of mortgage loans sold is reduced by the amount allocated to the servicing right. Gains and losses on sales of mortgage loans are based on the difference between the selling price and the carrying value of the related loan sold.

76 

Table of Contents 

Loans:   Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or pay-off are stated at the amount of unpaid principal reduced by deferred fees and costs and the allowance for loan losses.

Loan origination and commitment fees and certain direct loan origination costs are deferred and the net amount amortized as an adjustment of the related loan s yield.  The Company amortizes these amounts over the estimated life of the loan.  Commitment fees based upon a percentage of a customer s unused line of credit and fees related to standby letters of credit are recognized over the commitment period.  Net deferred fees on real estate loans sold in the secondary market reduce the cost basis of such loans.

Interest on loans is accrued and reported as income using the interest method on daily principal balances outstanding.  Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan.  The Company generally discontinues accruing interest on loans when the loan becomes 90 days or more past due or when management believes that the borrower s financial condition is such that collection of interest is doubtful.  Cash collections on nonaccrual loans are credited to the loan balance, and no interest income is recognized on those loans until the principal balance has been determined to be collectible.  Such interest will be reported as income on a cash basis, only upon collection of such interest.

Loans, other than those included in large groups of smaller-balance homogeneous loans, are considered impaired when it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all contractual principal and interest payments due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement.  Impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral (less estimated disposition costs) if the loan is collateral dependent.  The amount of impairment (if any) and any subsequent changes are included in the allowance for loan losses.

A loan is classified as a troubled debt restructure ( TDR ) when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties that lead to a restructuring of the loan, and the Company grants concessions to the borrower in the restructuring that it would not otherwise consider.  These concessions may include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, extension of maturity date and other actions intended to minimize potential losses.

In determining whether a debtor is experiencing financial difficulties, the Company considers if the debtor is in payment default or would be in payment default in the foreseeable future without the modification, the debtor declared or is in the process of declaring bankruptcy, there is substantial doubt that the debtor will continue as a going concern, the debtor has securities that have been or are in the process of being delisted, the debtor s entity-specific projected cash flows will not be sufficient to service any of its debt, or the debtor cannot obtain funds from sources other than the existing creditors at a market rate for debt with similar risk characteristics.

In determining whether the Company has granted a concession, the Company assesses, if it does not expect to collect all amounts due, whether the current value of the collateral will satisfy the amounts owed, whether additional collateral or guarantees from the debtor will serve as adequate compensation for other terms of the restructuring, and whether the debtor otherwise has access to funds at a market rate for debt with similar risk characteristics.

A loan that is modified at a market rate of interest will not be classified as TDR in the calendar year subsequent to the restructuring if it is in compliance with the modified terms.  Payment performance prior and subsequent to the restructuring is taken into account in assessing whether it is likely that the borrower can meet the new terms.  A period of sustained repayment for at least six months generally is required for return to accrual status.

Periodically, the Company will restructure a note into two separate notes (A/B structure), charging off the entire B portion of the note.  The A note is structured with appropriate loan-to-value and cash flow coverage ratios that provide for a high likelihood of repayment.  The A note is classified as a non-performing note until the borrower has displayed a historical payment performance for a reasonable time prior to and subsequent to the restructuring.  A period of sustained repayment for at least six months generally is required to return the note to accrual status provided that management has determined that the performance is reasonably expected to continue.  The A note will be classified as a restructured note (either performing or non-performing) through the calendar year of the restructuring that the historical payment performance has been established.

77 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for loan losses:  The Company has established an internal policy to estimate the allowance for loan losses.  This policy is periodically reviewed by management and the Board of Directors.

The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense.  Loans are charged-off against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that collectability of the principal is unlikely.  The allowance for loan losses is an amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb probable incurred losses on existing loans, based on an evaluation of the collectability of loans in the portfolio and prior loss experience.  This is based, in part, on an evaluation of the loss history of each type of loan over the past 12 quarters and this loss history is applied to the current outstanding loans of each respective type.  This loss history analysis is updated quarterly to ensure it encompasses the most recent 12 quarter loss history.  The allowance for loan losses is based on management s evaluation of the loan portfolio giving consideration to the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, the value of underlying collateral, overall portfolio quality, review of specific problem loans, and prevailing economic conditions that may affect the borrower s ability to pay.  While management uses the best information available to make its evaluation, future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary if there are significant changes in economic conditions.

In analyzing the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, management uses a comprehensive loan grading system to determine risk potential in the portfolio, and considers the results of periodic internal and external loan reviews. Specific reserves for impaired loans and historical loss experience factors, combined with other considerations, such as delinquency, nonaccrual status, trends on criticized and classified loans, economic conditions, concentrations of credit risk, and experience and abilities of lending personnel, are also considered in analyzing the adequacy of the allowance  for loan losses .  Management uses a systematic methodology, which is applied quarterly, to determine the amount of allowance for loan losses and the resultant provisions for loan losses it considers adequate to provide for probable incurred loan losses.  In the event that different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, and depending upon the severity of such changes, the possibility of materially different financial condition or results of operations is a reasonable likelihood. 

The allowance for loan losses consists of specific and general components.  The specific component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The general component covers non impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for current factors.  The general component is based upon (a) h istoric performance ; and ( b )  an estimate of the impact of environmental or qualitative factors  based on l evels of credit concentrations; lending policies and procedures; the nature and volume of the portfolio; the experience, ability and depth of lending management and staff; the volume and severity of past due, criticized, classified and nonaccrual loans; the quality of the loan review system; the change in economic conditions; loan collateral value for dependent loans; and other external factors, examples of which are changes in regulations, laws or legal precedent and competition.

Concentrations of credit risk:   The majority of the loans, commitments to extend credit, and standby letters of credit have been granted to customers in Los Alamos, Santa Fe and surrounding communities.  A substantial portion of the Company s loan  portfolio includes loans that are made to businesses and individuals associated with, or employed by, the Los Alamos National Laboratory (the  Laboratory ).  The ability  of such borrowers to honor their contracts is predominately dependent upon the continued operation and funding of the Laboratory.  Investments in securities issued by state and political subdivisions involve governmental entities within the state of New Mexico.  The distribution of commitments to extend credit approximates the distribution of loans outstanding. Standby letters of credit are granted primarily to commercial borrowers. 

The Company recognizes a liability in relation to unfunded commitments that is intended to represent the estimated future losses on the commitments.  In calculating the amount of this liability, management considers the amount of the Company s off-balance-sheet commitments, estimated utilization factors and loan specific risk factors.  The Company s liability for unfunded commitments is calculated quarterly and the liability is included in  other liabilities  in the consolidated balance sheets.

78 

Table of Contents 

Premises and equipment:   Premises and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization.  Depreciation and amortization is computed by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives.  Leasehold improvements are amortized over the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, whichever is shorter.  For owned and capitalized assets, estimated useful lives range from three to 39 years.  Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred, while major improvements are capitalized and amortized to operating expense over their identified useful life.  Generally, the useful life on software is three years; on computer and office equipment, five years; on furniture, 10 years; and on building and building improvements, 10 to 39 years.

Other Real Estate Owned ( OREO ):   OREO includes real estate assets that have been received in full or partial satisfaction of debt.  OREO is initially recorded at fair value establishing a new cost basis and subsequently carried at lower of cost basis or fair value.  Any valuation adjustments required at the date of transfer are charged to the allowance for loan losses.  Subsequently, unrealized losses and realized gains and losses on sale are included in  (Gains) losses and write-downs on OREO, net  in the consolidated statements of operations.  Operating results from OREO are recorded in  other noninterest expenses  in the consolidated statements of operations.

Mortgage Servicing Rights ( MSRs ):   The Bank recognizes, as separate assets, rights to service mortgage loans for others, whether the rights are acquired through purchase or after origination and sale of mortgage loans.  The Bank initially measures MSRs at fair value. Fair value is based on market prices for comparable mortgage servicing contracts, when available, or alternatively is based on the present value of estimated future net servicing income.  All classes of servicing assets are subsequently measured using the amortization method, which requires servicing rights to be amortized into noninterest income in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing income of the underlying loans.

The carrying amount of MSRs, and the amortization thereon, is periodically evaluated in relation to their estimated fair values.  The Bank stratifies the underlying mortgage loan portfolio by certain risk characteristics, such as loan type, interest rate and maturity, for purposes of measuring impairment.  The Bank estimates the fair value of each stratum by calculating the discounted present value of future net servicing income based on management s best estimate of remaining loan lives.

Impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance for an individual grouping, to the extent that fair value is less than the carrying amount.  If the Company later determines that all or a portion of the impairment no longer exists for a particular group, a reduction of the valuation allowance may be recorded as an increase to income.  The fair values of servicing rights are subject to significant fluctuations as a result of changes in estimated and actual payment speeds and default rates and losses.  The Bank has determined that the primary risk characteristic of MSRs is the contractual interest rate and term of the underlying mortgage loans.

Fees earned for servicing rights are recorded as mortgage loan servicing fees in the consolidated statements of operations.  The fees are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal; or a fixed amount per loan and are recorded as income when earned.  The amortization of MSRs as well as change in any valuation allowances are recorded in  other noninterest expenses  in the consolidated statements of operations.

Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) Stock:  The Bank is a member of the FHLB system. Members are required to own a certain amount of stock based on the level of borrowings and other factors, and may invest in additional amounts. FHLB stock is carried at cost, classified as a restricted security, and periodically evaluated for impairment based on ultimate recovery of par value. Both cash and stock dividends are reported as income.

Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) Stock:  The Bank is a member of its regional Federal Reserve Bank. FRB stock is carried at cost, classified as a restricted security, and periodically evaluated for impairment based on ultimate recovery of par value. Both cash and stock dividends are reported as income.

Other intangible assets:   The Company may obtain intangible assets other than MSRs from time to time.  In certain cases, these assets have no definite life and are not amortized.  Other intangible assets may have an expected useful life and are amortized over this life.  All intangible assets are tested periodically for impairment and, if deemed impaired, the assets are written down to the current value, with the impairment amount being charged to current earnings.

79 

Table of Contents 

Prepaid expenses:   The Company may pay certain expenses before the actual costs are incurred.  In this case, these expenses are recognized as an asset.  These assets are amortized as expense over the period of time in which the costs are incurred.  The original term of these prepaid expenses generally range from three months to five years.

Earnings (loss) per common share:   Basic earnings (loss) per common share represent income available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted earnings (loss) per common share are determined assuming that all in-the-money stock options were exercised at the beginning of the yearly period.  Shares related to unvested stock options are not treated as outstanding for the purposes of computing basic earnings (loss) per common share; however all allocated shares held by the ESOP are included in the average shares outstanding.

Average number of shares used in calculation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share are as follows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:

Certain stock options and restricted stock units were not included in the above calculation, as they would have an anti-dilutive effect as the exercise price is greater than current market prices.  The total number of shares excluded was approximately 12,000 shares, 26,000 shares and 42,000 shares for years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

Comprehensive income (loss):   Comprehensive income (loss) includes net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss).  Other comprehensive income (loss) includes net unrealized gains and losses on investment securities available for sale, net of tax, which is also recognized as a separate component of equity.

Transfers of financial assets:   Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales only when the control over the financial assets has been surrendered.  Control over transferred assets is deemed surrendered when (1) the assets have been isolated from the Company, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of the right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and (3) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity.

Impairment of long-lived assets:   Management periodically reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets to determine if impairment has occurred or whether changes in circumstances have occurred that would require a revision to the remaining useful life.  In making such determination, management evaluates the performance, on an undiscounted basis, of the underlying operations or assets which give rise to such amount.

80 

Table of Contents 

Income taxes:    Income tax expense is the total of the current year income tax due or refundable and the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities, computed using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

A tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is  more likely than not  that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the  more likely than not  test, no tax benefit is recorded.

The Company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.

Stock-based compensation:  Compensation cost is recognized for stock options and restricted stock awards issued to employees, based on the fair value of these awards at the date of grant. A Black-Scholes model is utilized to estimate the fair value of stock options, while the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant is used for restricted stock awards.

Compensation cost is recognized over the required service period, generally defined as the vesting period. For awards with graded vesting, compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.

Preferred stock:   Preferred stock callable at the option of the Company is initially recorded at the amount of proceeds received.  Any discount from the liquidation value is accreted to the preferred stock and charged to retained earnings.  The accretion is recorded using the level-yield method.  Preferred dividends paid (declared and/or accrued) and any accretion is deducted from net income for computing net income available to common shareholders and earnings per share computations.

Fair value of financial instruments:  Fair value of financial instruments is estimated using relevant market information and other assumptions, as more fully disclosed in Note 20. Fair value estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment regarding interest rates, credit risk, prepayments, and other factors, especially in the absence of broad markets for particular items.  Changes in assumptions or in market conditions could significantly affect these estimates.

Newly Issued But Not Yet Effective Accounting Standards:  In May 2014, the FASB issued  ASU No. 2014 09 ,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . This update requires an entity to recognize revenue as performance obligations are met, in order to reflect the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity is entitled to receive for those goods or services. The following steps are applied in the updated guidance: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when, or as, the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The FASB issued  ASU No. 2015-14 ,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Deferral of the Effective Date .  This update deferred the effective date by one year.  The amended effective date is annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update, but does not expect a material impact on the Company s financial statements.

In January 2016, the FASB issued  ASU No. 2016-01 ,  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (Topic 825).   The amendments in this update require that public entities measure equity investments with readily determinable fair values, at fair value, with changes in their fair value recorded through net income.  This ASU also clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available for sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. The amendments within the update are effective for fiscal years and all interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this update, but does not expect a material impact on the Company s financial statements.

81 

Table of Contents 

In February 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-02 ,  Leases  (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those periods using a modified retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU 2016-02 on its financial statements and disclosures, if any.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,  Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures  (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting.  ASU 2016-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years and early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU 2016-07 on its financial statements and disclosures, if any.

In March 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-09 ,  Compensation- Stock Compensation  (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  This ASU is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2016-09 on its financial statements and disclosures.

In April 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-10 ,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.  This ASU is effective for the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  The company is currently in the process of evaluating the effects of ASU 2016-10 on its financial statements and disclosures.

In May 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-12 ,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  This ASU is effective for the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  The company is currently in the process of evaluating the effects of ASU 2016-12 on its financial statements and disclosures.

In June 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-13 ,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses  (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The company is currently in the process of evaluating the effects of ASU 2016-13 on its financial statements and disclosures.

Note 2. Restrictions on Cash and Due From Banks

The Bank is required to maintain reserve balances in cash or on deposit with the FRB, based on a percentage of deposits.  As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the reserve requirement on deposit at the FRB was $4.3 million and $4.2 million, respectively.

The Company maintains some of its cash in bank deposit accounts at financial institutions other than its subsidiaries that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits.  The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.  The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents.

82 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. Investment Securities

Amortized cost and fair values of investment securities are summarized as follows:

83 

Table of Contents 

Realized net gains (losses) on sale and call of securities available for sale are summarized as follows:

A summary of unrealized loss information for investment securities, categorized by security type, as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was as follows:

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014 there were no held to maturity investment securities in an unrealized loss position.

As of December 31, 2015, the Company s security portfolio consisted of 92 securities, 60 of which were in an unrealized loss position.  As of  December 31, 2015, $258.9 million in investment securities had unrealized losses with aggregate depreciation of 1.23% of the Company s amortized cost basis.  Of these securities, $65.7 million had a continuous unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer with an aggregate depreciation of 1.86%.  The unrealized losses in all security categories relate principally to the general change in interest rates and illiquidity, and not credit quality, that has occurred since the securities purchase dates, and such unrecognized losses or gains will continue to vary with general interest rate level fluctuations in the future.  The Company utilizes several external sources to evaluate prepayments, delinquencies, loss severity, and other factors in determining if there is impairment on an individual security.  As management does not intend to sell the securities, and it is likely that it will not be required to sell the securities before their anticipated recovery, no declines are deemed to be other than temporary. 

84 

Table of Contents 

The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities, as of December 31, 2015, by contractual maturity are shown below.  Maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties.

Securities with carrying amounts of $91.7 million and $78.5 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, were pledged as collateral on public deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law.

Note 4. Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, loans consisted of:

Loan Origination/Risk Management.  The Company has certain lending policies and procedures in place that are designed to maximize loan income within an acceptable level of risk.  Management and the Board of Directors review and approve these policies and procedures.  A reporting system supplements the review process by providing management with reports related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and non-performing and potential problem loans.  Management has identified the following categories in its loan portfolios:

85 

Table of Contents 

Commercial loans:  These loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate profitably and prudently expand its business.  Underwriting standards are designed to promote relationship banking rather than transactional banking.  Management examines current and projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay their obligations as agreed.  Commercial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower.  The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not be as expected and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value.  Most commercial and industrial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and may incorporate a personal guarantee; however, some short-term loans may be made on an unsecured basis.  In the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers.

Commercial real estate loans:  These loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial loans, in addition to those of other real estate loans.  These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate.  Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher original amounts than other types of loans and the repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan.  Commercial real estate loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy.  The properties securing the Company s commercial real estate portfolio are geographically concentrated in the markets in which the Company operates.  Management monitors and evaluates commercial real estate loans based on collateral, location and risk grade criteria.  The Company also utilizes third-party sources to provide insight and guidance about economic conditions and trends affecting market areas it serves.  In addition, management tracks the level of owner-occupied commercial real estate loans versus non-owner occupied loans.  As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, 28.4% and 33.1%, respectively, of the outstanding principal balances of the Company s commercial real estate loans were secured by owner-occupied properties.

With respect to loans to developers and builders that are secured by non-owner occupied properties that the Company may originate from time to time, the Company generally requires the borrower to have had an existing relationship with the Company and have a proven record of success.

Construction real estate loans:  These loans are underwritten utilizing feasibility studies, independent appraisal reviews, sensitivity analysis of absorption and lease rates and financial analysis of the developers and property owners.  Construction real estate loans are generally based upon estimates of costs and values associated with the completed project and often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the ultimate project.  Sources of repayment for these types of loans may be pre-committed permanent loans from approved long-term lenders, sales of developed property or an interim loan commitment from the Company until permanent financing is obtained.  These loans are monitored by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risks than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being sensitive to interest rate changes, governmental regulation of real property, general economic conditions and the availability of long-term financing.

Residential real estate loans:  Underwriting standards for residential real estate and home equity loans are heavily influenced by statutory requirements, which include, but are not limited to, maximum loan-to-value levels, debt-to-income levels, collection remedies, the number of such loans a borrower can have at one time and documentation requirements.

Installment loans:  The Company originates consumer loans utilizing a credit scoring analysis to supplement the underwriting process.  To monitor and manage consumer loan risk, policies and procedures are developed and modified, as needed.  This activity, coupled with relatively small loan amounts that are spread across many individual borrowers, minimizes risk.  Additionally, trend and outlook reports are reviewed by management on a regular basis.

86 

Table of Contents 

The loan review process complements and reinforces the risk identification and assessment decisions made by lenders and credit personnel, as well as the Company s policies and procedures, which include periodic internal reviews and reports to identify and address risk factors developing within the loan portfolio. The Company engages external independent loan reviews that assess and validate the credit risk program on a periodic basis.  Results of these reviews are presented to management and the Board of Directors.

The following table presents the contractual aging of the recorded investment in current and past due loans by class of loans as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, including nonaccrual loans:

The following table presents the recorded investment in nonaccrual loans and loans past due ninety days or more and still accruing by class of loans as of December 31, 2015 and 2014:

The Company utilizes an internal asset classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem loans.  Under the Company s risk rating system, problem and potential problem loans are classified as  Special Mention,   Substandard,  and  Doubtful.   Substandard loans include those characterized by the likelihood that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Loans classified as Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable.  Loans that do not currently expose the Company to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories, but possess weaknesses that deserve management s close attention are deemed to be Special Mention.  Any time a situation warrants, the risk rating may be reviewed.

87 

Table of Contents 

Loans not meeting the criteria above that are analyzed individually are considered to be pass-rated loans.  The following table presents the risk category by class of loans based on the most recent analysis performed and the contractual aging as of December 31, 2015 and 2014:

The following table shows all loans, including nonaccrual loans, by classification and aging, as of December 31, 2015 and 2014:

88 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2015, nonaccrual loans totaling $27.5 million were classified as Substandard.  As of December 31, 2014, nonaccrual loans totaling $47.6 million were classified as Substandard and $242 thousand were classified as Doubtful.

The following table presents loans individually evaluated for impairment by class of loans as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, showing the unpaid principal balance, the recorded investment of the loan (reflecting any loans with partial charge-offs), and the amount of allowance for loan losses specifically allocated for these impaired loans (if any):

The following table presents loans individually evaluated for impairment by class of loans for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, showing the average recorded investment and the interest income recognized:

If nonaccrual loans outstanding had been current in accordance with their original terms, approximately $1.7 million, $3.0 million and $2.6 million would have been recorded as loan interest income during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  Interest income recognized in the above table was primarily recognized on a cash basis.

Recorded investment balances in the above tables exclude accrued interest income and unearned income as such amounts were immaterial.

89 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Loan Losses:

For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, activity in the allowance for loan losses was as follows:

90 

Table of Contents 

Allocation of the allowance for loan losses (as well as the total loans in each allocation method), disaggregated on the basis of the Company s impairment methodology, is as follows:

91 

Table of Contents 

In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification.  The evaluation is performed under the Company s internal underwriting policy.

TDRs are defined as those loans where: (1) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and (2) the restructuring includes a concession by the Bank to the borrower that the Bank would not otherwise consider.

The following loans were restructured during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:

92 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents loans by class modified as TDRs for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:

The following table presents total TDRs, both in accrual and nonaccrual status, as of December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:

As of December 31, 2015, the Bank had a total of $194 thousand in commitments to lend additional funds on six commercial loans classified as TDRs.

Impairment analyses are prepared on TDRs in conjunction with the normal allowance for loan loss process. TDRs required a specific reserve of $14 thousand, $88 thousand, and $669 thousand which was included in the allowance for loan losses at the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. TDRs resulted in charge-offs of $2.8 million, $2.75 million, and $626 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.  The TDRs that subsequently defaulted required a provision of $11 thousand, $0, and $36 thousand to the allowance for loan losses for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 respectively.

Loan principal balances to executive officers and directors of the Company were $1.9 million and $1.3 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Total credit available, including companies in which these individuals have management control or beneficial ownership, was $2.3 million and $2.2 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  An analysis of the activity related to these loans as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 is as follows:

93 

Table of Contents 

Note 5. Loan Servicing and Mortgage Servicing Rights

Mortgage loans serviced for others are not included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  The unpaid balance of these loans as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 is summarized as follows:

During the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, substantially all of the loans serviced for others had a contractual servicing fee of 0.25% on the unpaid principal balance.  These fees are recorded as  mortgage loan servicing fees  under  noninterest income  on the consolidated statements of operations.

Late fees on the loans serviced for others totaled $182 thousand, $191 thousand and $225 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  These fees are included in  noninterest income  on the consolidated statements of operations.

Custodial balances on deposit at the Bank in connection with the foregoing loan servicing were approximately $6.1 million and $5.4 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  There were no custodial balances on deposit with other financial institutions as of December 31, 2015 and 2014.

94 

Table of Contents 

An analysis of changes in the MSR asset for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 follows:

Below is an analysis of changes in the MSR asset valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:

The fair values of the MSRs were $6.9 million, $7.5 million and $8.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

A valuation allowance is used to recognize impairments of MSRs.  An MSR is considered impaired when the fair value of the MSR is below the amortized book value of the MSR.  MSRs are accounted for by risk tranche, with the interest rate and term of the underlying loan being the primary strata used in distinguishing the tranches.  Each tranche is evaluated separately for impairment.

The following assumptions were used to calculate the fair value of the MSRs as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:

95 

Table of Contents 

Note 6. Other Real Estate Owned

OREO consists of property acquired due to foreclosure on real estate loans. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, total OREO consisted of:

The following table presents a summary of OREO activity for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014:

Note 7. Premises and Equipment

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, premises and equipment consisted of:

Depreciation on premises and equipment was $1.7 million, $2.4 million and $2.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

96 

Table of Contents 

Note 8. Deposits

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, deposits consisted of:

As of December 31, 2015, the scheduled maturities of time certificates were as follows:

Deposits from executive officers, directors and their affiliates as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 were $1.1 million and $874 thousand, respectively.

Note 9. Borrowings

Notes payable to the FHLB as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 were secured by a blanket assignment of mortgage loans or other collateral acceptable to FHLB, and generally had a fixed rate of interest, interest payable monthly and principal due at end of term, unless otherwise noted. As of December 31, 2015, no loans were pledged under the blanket assignment. However, investment securities are held in safekeeping at the FHLB with $2.3 million pledged as collateral for outstanding advances and letters of credit. An additional $112.6 million in advances is available based on the current value of the remaining unpledged investment securities.

The following table details borrowings as of December 31, 2015 and 2014.

97 

Table of Contents 

Note 10. Junior Subordinated Debt

The following table presents details on the junior subordinated debt as of December 31, 2015:

On the dates of issue indicated above, the Trusts, being Delaware statutory business trusts, issued trust preferred securities (the  trust preferred securities ) in the amount and at the rate indicated above.  These securities represent preferred beneficial interests in the assets of the Trusts.  The trust preferred securities will mature on the dates indicated, and are redeemable in whole or in part at the option of Trinity, with the approval of the FRB.  The Trusts also issued common equity securities to Trinity in the amounts indicated above.  The Trusts used the proceeds of the offering of the trust preferred securities to purchase junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures (the  debentures ) issued by Trinity, which have terms substantially similar to the trust preferred securities.

Trinity has the right to defer payments of interest on the debentures at any time or from time to time for a period of up to ten consecutive semi-annual periods (or twenty consecutive quarterly periods in the case of Trusts with quarterly interest payments) with respect to each interest payment deferred.  During a period of deferral, unpaid accrued interest is compounded.

Under the terms of the debentures, under certain circumstances of default or if Trinity has elected to defer interest on the debentures, Trinity may not, with certain exceptions, declare or pay any dividends or distributions on its common stock or purchase or acquire any of its common stock.

In the second quarter of 2013, Trinity began to defer the interest payments on $37.1 million of junior subordinated debentures that are held by the Trusts that it controls.  Interest accrued and unpaid to securities holders total $6.9 million and $4.3 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, the Company continued to defer the interest payments on the junior subordinated debentures, with interest accrued but unpaid totaling $9.1 million.

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company s trust preferred securities, subject to certain limitations, qualified as Tier 1 Capital for regulatory capital purposes.

Payments of distributions on the trust preferred securities and payments on redemption of the trust preferred securities are guaranteed by Trinity.  Trinity also entered into an agreement as to expenses and liabilities with the Trusts pursuant to which it agreed, on a subordinated basis, to pay any costs, expenses or liabilities of the Trusts other than those arising under the trust preferred securities.  The obligations of Trinity under the junior subordinated debentures, the related indenture, the trust agreement establishing the Trusts, the guarantee and the agreement as to expenses and liabilities, in the aggregate, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by Trinity of the Trusts  obligations under the trust preferred securities.

98 

Table of Contents 

Note 11. Description of Leasing Arrangements

The Company is leasing land in Santa Fe on which it built a bank office as well as the vacant land adjacent to the office.  The construction of the office was completed in 2009.  The original terms of the leases expired in May 2014 and are currently month-to-month. The leases contain both options to extend for additional five year terms and an option to purchase the land at a set price.  Trinity was required to notify the landlord of its intent to exercise the options to purchase between December 1, 2014 and December 1, 2015 for the land on which the bank built its office and between May 1, 2014 and December 1, 2015 for the adjacent land. Trinity formally notified the landlord of its exercise of the options to purchase under the leases on April 24, 2015 and expects to complete the exercise or extend the lease in 2016.  This lease is classified as a capital lease.  The Company also holds two notes and mortgages on the land, and the interest payments received on the notes are approximately equal to the rental payments on the leases; and the principal due at maturity or upon transfer of the land, will largely offset the option purchase prices.

Operating lease payments for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 totaled $272 thousand, $356 thousand and $507 thousand, respectively.

The lease payments under capital lease for 2015 totaled $161 thousand. These amounts were offset by the interest payments due on the notes.

Commitments for minimum future rentals under operating leases were as follows as of December 31, 2015:

Note 12. Retirement Plans

The Company has an ESOP for the benefit of all employees who are at least 18 years of age and have completed 1,000 hours of service during the Plan year.  The employee s interest in the ESOP vests over a period of six years.  The ESOP was established in January 1989 and is a defined contribution plan subject to the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

The ESOP is funded by discretionary contributions by the Company as determined by its Board of Directors.  No expenses were recorded in 2015, 2014, or 2013.

All shares held by the ESOP, acquired prior to the issuance of ASC 718-40,  "Compensation Stock Compensation-Employee Stock Ownership Plans   are included in the computation of average common shares and common share equivalents.  This accounting treatment is grandfathered for shares purchased prior to December 31, 1992.  As permitted by ASC 718-40, compensation expense for shares released is equal to the original acquisition cost of the shares if acquired prior to December 31, 1992.  As shares acquired after ASC 718-40 were released from collateral, the Company reported compensation expense equal to the current fair value of the shares, and the shares became outstanding for the earnings per share computations.

99 

Table of Contents 

Shares of the Company held by the ESOP are as follows:

There was no compensation expense recognized for ESOP shares acquired prior to December 31, 1992 during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.

Under federal income tax regulations, the employer securities that are held by the Plan and its participants and that are not readily tradable on an established market or that are subject to trading limitations include a put option (liquidity put).  The liquidity put is a right to demand that the Company buy shares of its stock held by the participant for which there is no readily available market.  The put price is representative of the fair value of the stock.  The Company may pay the purchase price over a five-year period.  The purpose of the liquidity put is to ensure that the participant has the ability to ultimately obtain cash.  The fair value of the allocated shares subject to repurchase was $2.7 million and $2.0 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

The Company s employees may also participate in a tax-deferred savings plan (401(k)) to which the Company does not contribute.

Note 13. Stock Incentives

The Trinity Capital Corporation 1998 Stock Option Plan ( 1998 Plan ) and Trinity Capital Corporation 2005 Stock Incentive Plan ( 2005 Plan ) were created for the benefit of key management and select employees.  Under the 1998 Plan, 400,000 shares (as adjusted for the stock split on December 19, 2002) from shares held in treasury or authorized but unissued common stock were reserved for granting options.  No further awards may be granted under the 1998 Plan.  Under the 2005 Plan, 500,000 shares from shares held in treasury or authorized but unissued common stock were reserved for granting stock-based incentive awards.  No further awards may be granted under the 2005 Plan.   Both of these plans were approved by the Company s stockholders.  The Compensation Committee determines the terms and conditions of the awards. At the Shareholder Meeting held on January 22, 2015, the Company s stockholders approved  the Trinity Capital Corporation 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan ( 2015 Plan ). Under the 2015 Plan, 500,000 shares from shares held in treasury or authorized but unissued common stock are reserved for granting stock-based incentive awards.    There were no awards issued under this plan in 2015.

Because share-based compensation awards vesting in the current periods were granted on a variety of dates, the assumptions are presented as weighted averages in those assumptions.   A summary of stock option and restricted stock unit ( RSU ) activity under the 1998 Plan and the 2005 Plan as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 is presented below:

100 

Table of Contents 

There were no stock options exercised in 2015, 2014 or 2013.

As of December 31, 2015, there was $50 thousand in unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation awards granted under the 2005 Plan and the 1998 Plan.   The cost will be recognized over the 2 year vesting period.

Note 14. Income Taxes

The current and deferred components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are as follows:

A deferred tax asset or liability is recognized to reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax reporting purposes.  Temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 are as follows:

101 

Table of Contents 

A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a net deferred tax asset will not be realized.  The Company recorded a loss before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010.  Based on these losses, the Company determined that it was no longer more likely than not that its deferred tax assets of $14.6 million at December 31, 2011 would be utilized.  Accordingly, a full valuation allowance was recorded as of December 31, 2011. As of December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, management did not believe that it was more likely than not that the full amount of the deferred tax assets would be utilized in future periods.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of $11.0 million and state net operating loss carryforwards of $18.8 million which will expire at various dates from 2031 to 2035.  Realization of deferred tax assets associated with the net operating loss carryforwards is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income prior to their expiration.

The Company had no income tax expense in 2015.

The Company is subject to U.S. federal and New Mexico state income taxes and is subject to examination by the taxing authorities for the years after 2010.  In September 2014, the Company filed amended federal income tax returns for tax years 2006-2012 to claim additional bad debt deductions.  The additional deductions resulted in net operating losses (NOLs) in 2011 and 2012; the NOLs have been utilized in full through carryback and carryforward.    The amended returns were reviewed by the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ), resulting in a $1.17 million reduction in the Company s current federal income tax receivable. The reduction to the current income tax receivable was the result of a loan loss deduction which was deferred to a future period and for alternative minimum tax (ATM) liability that becomes a credit carryforward.  This resulted in a corresponding increase to the Company s deferred tax asset.  As a result, the increase in the deferred tax asset ensuing from the IRS adjustment required an equal increase in the valuation allowance.  As noted above, the Company determined that it was no longer more likely than not that its deferred tax asset would be utilized.

102 

Table of Contents 

The Company had business tax credits totaling $2.4 million as of December 31, 2015 and $2.3 million as of December 31, 2014, which will begin to expire in 2031.

Items causing differences between the Federal statutory tax rate and the effective tax rate are summarized as follows:

The calculation for the income tax provision or benefit generally does not consider the tax effects of changes in other comprehensive income ( OCI ), which is a component of stockholders  equity on the balance sheet.  However, an exception is provided in certain circumstances, such as when there is a full valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets, a loss before provision (benefit) for income taxes and income in other components of the financial statements. In such a case, pre-tax income from other categories, such as changes in OCI, must be considered in determining a tax benefit to be allocated to the loss before provision (benefit) for income taxes.

During 2014, the Company recognized a penalty in the amount of $1.5 million imposed by the SEC as a result of the restatement of the Company s financial statements.   The impact of this non-deductible penalty was an increase in income tax in the amount of $525 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2014.

The Company has no liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and does not anticipate providing an income tax reserve in the next twelve months.  During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company did not record an accrual for interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions.

103 

Table of Contents 

Note 15. Commitments and Off-Balance-Sheet Activities

Credit-related financial instruments:  The Company is a party to credit-related commitments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers.  These credit-related commitments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and commercial letters of credit.  Such credit-related commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheets.

The Company s exposure to credit loss is represented by the contractual amount of these credit-related commitments.  The Company follows the same credit policies in making credit-related commitments as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments.

As of  December 31, 2015 and 2014, the following credit-related commitments were outstanding: 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.  Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.  The commitments for equity lines of credit may expire without being drawn upon.  Therefore, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank, is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer.  Unfunded commitments under commercial lines of credit, revolving credit lines and overdraft protection agreements are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers.  Overdraft protection agreements are uncollateralized, but most other unfunded commitments have collateral.  These unfunded lines of credit usually do not contain a specified maturity date and may not necessarily be drawn upon to the total extent to which the Bank is committed.

Outstanding Letters of Credit:    In addition to short and long-term borrowings from the FHLB, the FHLB has issued letters of credit to various public entities with deposits at the Bank.  These letters of credit are issued to collateralize the deposits of these entities at the Bank as required or allowed under law.  These letters of credit expired during 2015. The total value of these letters of credit was $22.0 million as of December 31, 2014.  These letters were secured under the blanket assignment of mortgage loans or other collateral acceptable to the FHLB that also secures the Company s short and long-term borrowings from FHLB.   The amount of collateral with the FHLB at December 31, 2015 was $114.9 million.

Commercial and standby letters of credit are conditional credit-related commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.  Those letters of credit are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements.  Essentially all letters of credit issued have expiration dates within one year.  The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is the same as that involved in extending loans to customers.  The Bank generally holds collateral supporting those credit-related commitments, if deemed necessary.  In the event the customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the third party, the Bank would be required to fund the credit-related commitment.  The maximum potential amount of future payments the Bank could be required to make is represented by the contractual amount shown in the summary above.  If the credit-related commitment is funded, the Bank would be entitled to seek recovery from the customer.  A s of both  December 31, 2015 and 2014, $575 thousand has been recorded as liabilities for the Company s potential losses under these credit-related commitments.  The fair value of these credit-related commitments is approximately equal to the fees collected when granting these letters of credit.  These fees collected were $20 thousand and $28 thousand as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and are included in  other liabilities  on the consolidated balance sheets. 

104 

Table of Contents 

Note 16. Preferred Equity Issues

On March 27, 2009, the Company issued two series of preferred stock to the U.S. Department of the Treasury ( Treasury ) under the Capital Purchase Program ( CPP ).  Below is a table disclosing the information on the two series:

The difference between the liquidation value of the preferred stock and the original cost is accreted (for the Series B Preferred Stock) or amortized (for the Series A Preferred Stock) over 10 years and is reflected, on a net basis, as an increase to the carrying value of preferred stock and decrease to retained earnings.  For each of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, a net amount of $178 thousand was recorded for amortization.

Dividends and discount accretion on preferred stock reduce the amount of net income available to common shareholders.  For each of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 the total of these amounts was $3.8 million and $3.2 million, respectively.

On August 10, 2012, the Treasury sold its ownership of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock to third parties.  On May 7, 2013, the Company elected to exercise the option to defer the payment of dividends on the preferred stock, as provided by the agreements under which the stock was issued.   The amounts of dividends accrued and unpaid as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 were $8.7 million and $4.8 million, respectively, and are included in  other liabilities  on the consolidated balance sheets.

Note 17. Litigation

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject, in the normal course of business, to various pending and threatened legal proceedings in which claims for monetary damages are asserted. On an ongoing basis management, after consultation with legal counsel, assesses the Company s liabilities and contingencies in connection with such legal proceedings. For those matters where it is probable that the Company will incur losses and the amounts of the losses can be reasonably estimated, the Company records an expense and corresponding liability in its consolidated financial statements. To the extent the pending or threatened litigation could result in exposure in excess of that liability, the amount of such excess is not currently estimable.

The Company can give no assurance, however, its business, financial condition and results of operations will not be materially adversely affected, or that it will not be required to materially change its business practices, based on: (i) future enactment of new banking or other laws or regulations; (ii) the interpretation or application of existing laws or regulations, including the laws and regulations as they may relate to the Company s business, banking services or the financial services industry in general; (iii) pending or future federal or state governmental investigations of the business; (iv) institution of government enforcement actions against the Company; or (v) adverse developments in other pending or future legal proceedings against the Company or affecting the banking or financial services industry generally.

105 

Table of Contents 

In addition to legal proceedings occurring in the normal course of business, the Company is the subject of certain governmental investigations and legal proceedings as set forth below.

SEC Investigation:  On September 28, 2015, the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) announced an administrative settlement with the Company, resolving the previously reported investigation of the Company s historical accounting and reporting with respect to its restatement of financial information for the years ended December 31, 2006 through December 31, 2011 and the quarters ended March 31, 2012 and June 30, 2012.  The Company and the SEC settled the investigation, pursuant to which the Company, without admitting or denying any factual allegations, consented to the SEC s issuance of an administrative order finding that the Company did not properly account for the Bank s loan portfolio during 2010, 2011 and the first two quarters of 2012, did not properly account for its OREO in 2011, and did not have effective internal accounting controls over loan and OREO accounting. In addition, the SEC found that certain former members of the Bank s management caused the Bank to engage in false and misleading accounting and overrode internal accounting controls.  As a result, the SEC found that the Company violated certain provisions of the securities laws, including Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder; Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933; and Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and Rules 13a-1, 13a-13 and 12b-20 thereunder; Section 13(b)(2)(A) of the Exchange Act; and Sections 13(b)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act. The settlement orders the Company to cease and desist from committing or causing any such violations in the future and to pay a civil money penalty in the amount of $1.5 million. The civil money penalty was expensed in 2014 and subsequently paid in September 2015, upon entering into the administrative settlement agreement.  The Company agreed to cooperate in proceedings brought by the SEC as well as any future investigations into matters described in the settlement. The Company cooperated fully with the SEC investigation.

SIGTARP/DOJ Investigation:  The Special Inspector General of the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( SIGTARP ) and the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) initiated a criminal investigation relating to the financial reporting and securities filings referenced in above and actions relating to the 2012 examination of the Bank by the OCC. The Company is cooperating with all requests from SIGTARP and the DOJ. SIGTARP and the DOJ have advised the Company that it is not a target of the investigation.

As of May 1, 2016, no suit or charges have been filed against the Company or its current directors, executive officers or employees by any parties relating to the restatement.

While there is a reasonable probability that some loss will be experienced, through litigation or assessments, other than as disclosed above, the potential loss cannot be quantified.  The Company has not accrued a reserve for any potential losses resulting from unresolved regulatory investigations.

Insurance Coverage and Indemnification Litigation:

Trinity Capital Corporation and Los Alamos National Bank v. Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company, Federal Insurance Company, William C. Enloe and Jill Cook, (First Judicial District Court, State of New Mexico, Case No. D-132-CV-201500083);

William C. Enloe v. Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company, Federal Insurance Company, Trinity Capital Corporation and Los Alamos National Bank, (First Judicial District Court, State of New Mexico, Case No. D-132-CV-201500082) ; and

Mark Pierce v. Atlantic Specialty Insurance Company, Trinity Capitol Corporation d/b/a Los Alamos National Bank, and Federal Insurance Company, (First Judicial District Court, State of New Mexico, Case No. D-101-CV-201502381).

In connection with the restatements and investigations, on September 1, 2015, the Company and William Enloe ( Enloe ), Trinity and the Bank s former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, filed separate suits in New Mexico State Court.  Jill Cook, the Company s former Chief Credit Officer, was also named in the suit brought by Trinity. On October 28, 2015, the Court entered an order consolidating the Enloe and Trinity suits. Mark Pierce, the Bank s former Senior Lending Officer, filed suit in New Mexico State Court on November 2, 2015.  On April 26, 2016, Pierce filed a motion to consolidate his suit with the Enloe and Trinity suit. In each of the three suits listed above, the plaintiffs seek coverage and reimbursement from the insurance carriers for the defense costs incurred by individuals covered under those policies, as defined therein, in addition to causes of action against the insurance companies for bad faith, breach of insurance contracts and against Atlantic Specialty Insurance for violations of New Mexico insurance statutes. The suits, with the exception of Enloe s suit, also seek a determination on the obligations of the Company and/or the Bank to indemnify the former officers. The suits filed by Enloe and Pierce each allege, in the alternative, negligence against the Company and the Bank for failing to timely put all carriers on notice of his claims. The Company and the Bank will vigorously defend its actions and seek indemnification and coverage from its insurance carriers as required under the insurance policies.  Due to the complex nature, the outcome and timing of ultimate resolution is inherently difficult to predict.

106 

Table of Contents 

Title Insurance Coverage Litigation:

First American Title v. Los Alamos National Bank (Second Judicial District Court, State of New Mexico, Case No. D-202-CV-201207023 ).  This suit relates to title coverage claims regarding a commercial property that served as collateral for a commercial loan made by the Bank.  The title company asserted a claim against the Bank for recovery of losses suffered as a result of a settlement entered into by both the title company and the Bank to satisfy the claims of certain contractors who filed liens on the property. On April 29, 2016, the District Court issued its Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law finding against the Bank and finding the plaintiff is entitled to a judgment in the amount of $150,000 and its costs of bringing suit.  The suit was settled in June 2016 for significantly less than the judgment amount.

Note 18. Derivative Financial Instruments

In the normal course of business, the Bank uses a variety of financial instruments to service the financial needs of customers and to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates.  Derivative instruments that the Bank uses as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include mandatory forward delivery commitments and rate lock commitments.

As a result of using derivative instruments, the Bank has potential exposure to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the counterparties.  The Bank manages this credit risk by spreading the credit risk among counterparties that the Company believes are well established and financially strong and by placing contractual limits on the amount of unsecured credit risk from any single counterparty.  The Bank s exposure to credit risk in the event of default by a counterparty is the current cost of replacing the contracts net of any available margins retained by the Bank.  However, if the borrower defaults on the commitment the Bank requires the borrower to cover these costs.

The Company s derivative instruments outstanding as of December 31, 2015 included commitments to fund loans held for sale.  The interest rate lock commitment was valued at fair value at inception.  The rate locks will continue to be adjusted for changes in value resulting from changes in market interest rates.

The Company originates single-family residential loans for sale pursuant to programs offered by Fannie Mae.  At the time the interest rate is locked in by the borrower, the Bank concurrently enters into a forward loan sale agreement with respect to the sale of such loan at a set price in an effort to manage the interest rate risk inherent in the locked loan commitment.  Any change in the fair value of the loan commitment after the borrower locks in the interest rate is substantially offset by the corresponding change in the fair value of the forward loan sale agreement related to such loan.  This change is recorded to  other noninterest expenses  in the consolidated statements of operations.   The period from the time the borrower locks in the interest rate to the time the Bank funds the loan and sells it to Fannie Mae is generally 60 days.  The fair value of each instrument will rise or fall in response to changes in market interest rates subsequent to the dates the interest rate locks and forward loan sale agreements are entered into.  In the event that interest rates rise after the Bank enters into an interest rate lock, the fair value of the loan commitment will decline.  However, the fair value of the forward loan sale agreement related to such loan commitment generally increases by substantially the same amount, effectively eliminating the Company s interest rate and price risk.

107 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2015, the Company had notional amounts of $5.1 million in contracts with customers and $8.1 million in contracts with Fannie Mae for interest rate lock commitments outstanding related to loans being originated for sale.   As of December 31, 2014, the Company had notional amounts of $5.5 million in contracts with customers and $11.2 million in contracts with Fannie Mae for interest rate lock commitments outstanding related to loans being originated for sale.  The fair value of interest rate lock commitments was $225 thousand as of December 31, 2015 and $139 thousand as of December 31, 2014.

The Company had outstanding loan commitments, excluding undisbursed portion of loans in process and equity lines of credit, of approximately $116.6 million as of December 31, 2015 and $136.1 million as of 2014, respectively.  Of these commitments outstanding, the breakdown between fixed rate and adjustable rate loans is as follows:

Note 19. Regulatory Matters

The payment of dividends by any financial institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a financial institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized.

The Company is subject to restrictions on the payment of dividends and cannot pay dividends that exceed its net income or which may weaken its financial health.  The Company s primary source of cash is dividends from the Bank.  Generally, the Bank is subject to certain restrictions on dividends that it may declare without prior regulatory approval.  The Bank cannot pay dividends in any calendar year that, in the aggregate, exceed the Bank s year-to-date net income plus its retained income for the two preceding years.  Additionally, the Bank cannot pay dividends that are in excess of the amount that would result in the Bank falling below the minimum required for capital adequacy purposes.

Trinity was placed under a Written Agreement by the FRB on September 26, 2013. The Written Agreement requires Trinity to serve as a source of strength to the Bank and restricts Trinity s ability, without written approval of the FRB, to make payments on the Company s junior subordinated debentures, incur or increase any debt, issue dividends and other capital distributions or to repurchase or redeem any Trinity stock. Additionally, the Bank was similarly prohibited from paying dividends to Trinity under the Formal Agreement issued by the OCC on November 30, 2012 and under the Consent Order, which replaced the Formal Agreement, issued on December 17, 2013. The Consent Order requires that the Bank maintain certain capital ratios and receive approval from the OCC prior to declaring dividends. The Written Agreement was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2013; the Formal Agreement was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2012; and the Consent Order was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2013.  The Company and the Bank are taking actions to address the provisions of the enforcement actions.

Banks and bank holding companies are subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies.  Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for bank, prompt corrective action regulations, involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices.  Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgements by regulators.  Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action.  The final rules implementing Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital guidelines for U.S. banks (Basel III rules) became effective for the Company on January 1, 2015 with full compliance with all of the requirements being phased in over a multi-year schedule, and fully phased in by January 1, 2019.  Capital amounts and ratios for December 31, 2014 are calculated using Basel I rules.  The Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they were subject as of December 31, 2015.

108 

Table of Contents 

The statutory requirements and actual amounts and ratios for the Company and the Bank are presented below:

N/A not applicable

While the Bank s capital ratios fall into the category of  well-capitalized,  the Bank cannot be considered  well-capitalized  due to the requirement to meet and maintain a specific capital level in the Consent Order pursuant to the prompt corrective action rules. The Bank is required to maintain (i) a leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total assets of at least 8%; and (ii) a ratio of Total Capital to total risk-weighted assets of at least 11%. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014 the Bank was in compliance with these requirements.

Note 20. Fair Value Measurements

ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.  A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.  The price in the principal (or most advantageous) market used to measure the fair value of the asset or liability shall not be adjusted for transaction costs.  An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes exposure to the market for a period prior to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets and liabilities; it is not a forced transaction.  Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i) independent, (ii) knowledgeable, (iii) able to transact and (iv) willing to transact.

109 

Table of Contents 

The Company uses valuation techniques that are consistent with the sales comparison approach, the income approach and/or the cost approach.  The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets and liabilities.  The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert expected future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, to a single present value amount on a discounted basis.  The cost approach is based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost).  Valuation techniques should be consistently applied. Inputs to valuation techniques refer to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.  Inputs may be observable, meaning those that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent sources, or unobservable, meaning those that reflect the reporting entity's own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.  In that regard, ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is as follows:

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date.

Level 2: Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.

While management believes the Company s valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.   Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances that caused the transfer, which generally coincides with the Company s monthly and/or quarterly valuation process.

Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

Securities Available for Sale.  The fair values of securities available for sale are determined by quoted prices in active markets, when available.  If quoted market prices are not available, the fair value is determined by a matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique widely used in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted securities.

Derivatives.  Derivative assets and liabilities represent interest rate contracts between the Company and loan customers, and between the Company and outside parties to whom it has made a commitment to sell residential mortgage loans at a set interest rate.  These are valued based upon the differential between the interest rates upon the inception of the contract and the current market interest rates for similar products.  Changes in fair value are recorded in current earnings.

110 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the Company's financial assets and off-balance-sheet instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value:

There were no financial liabilities that were measured at fair value as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. There were no financial assets or financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Company used significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the periods presented in these financial statements.  There were no transfers between the levels used on any asset classes during the year.

Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

The Company may be required, from time to time, to measure certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP.

Impaired Loans.     Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement are considered impaired.  Once a loan is identified as impaired, management measures the amount of that impairment in accordance with ASC Topic 310.  The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one of several methods, including collateral value, liquidation value and discounted cash flows.  Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investments in such loans.

111 

Table of Contents 

In accordance with ASC Topic 820, impaired loans where an allowance is established based on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy.  Collateral values are estimated using Level 3 inputs based on customized discounting criteria.  For collateral dependent impaired loans, the Company obtains a current independent appraisal of loan collateral.  Other valuation techniques are used as well, including internal valuations, comparable property analysis and contractual sales information.

OREO.  OREO is adjusted to fair value at the time the loans are transferred to OREO. Subsequently, OREO is carried at the lower of the carrying value or fair value. Fair value is determined based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral or management s estimation of the value of the collateral. The fair value of OREO was computed based on third part appraisals, which are level 3 valuation inputs.

As of December 31, 2015, impaired loans with a carrying value of $40.7 million had a valuation allowance of $4.2 million. As of December 31, 2014, impaired loans with a carrying value of $47.2 million had a valuation allowance of $8.0 million.

In the table below, OREO had write-downs during the years ended  December 31, 2015 and 2014  of $361 thousand and $2.7 million, respectively.   The valuation adjustments on OREO have been recorded through earnings.

Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 are included in the table below:

See Note 5 for assumptions used to determine the fair value of MSRs.  Assumptions used to determine  impaired loans and OREO are presented below by classification, measured at fair value and on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2015 and 2014: 

112 

Table of Contents 

113 

Table of Contents 

Fair Value Assumptions 

ASC Topic 825 requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or non-recurring basis.  The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair values of its other financial instruments:

Cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks:  The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet approximate fair value and are classified as Level 1.

Securities purchased under resell agreements:  The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet approximate fair value and are classified as Level 1.

Investment Securities:  The fair values for investment securities are determined by quoted market prices, if available (Level 1). For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2), using matrix pricing. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique commonly used to price debt securities that are not actively traded, values debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2 inputs). For securities where quoted prices or market prices of similar securities are not available, fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators (Level 3). See below for additional discussion of Level 3 valuation methodologies and significant inputs.

Non-marketable equity securities:   It is not practical to determine the fair value of FHLB stock due to restrictions placed on its transferability.

Loans held for sale:  The fair values disclosed are based upon the values of loans with similar characteristics purchased in secondary mortgage markets and are classified as Level 3.

Loans:  For those variable-rate loans that reprice frequently with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values.  The fair values for fixed rate and all other loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers with similar credit quality.  The fair value of loans is classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy.

Noninterest-bearing deposits:  The fair values disclosed are equal to their balance sheet carrying amounts, which represent the amount payable on demand, and are classified as Level 1.

Interest-bearing deposits:  The fair values disclosed for deposits with no defined maturities are equal to their carrying amounts, which represent the amounts payable on demand, and are classified as Level 2.  The carrying amounts for variable rate, fixed term money market accounts and certificates of deposit approximate their fair values at the reporting date.  Fair values for fixed rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on similar certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits.

Long-term borrowings : The fair values of the Company's long-term borrowings (other than deposits) are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the Company's current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements, and are classified as Level 2.

Junior subordinated debt : The fair values of the Company s junior subordinated debt are estimated based on the quoted market prices, when available, of the related trust preferred security instruments, or are estimated based on the quoted market prices of comparable trust preferred securities, and are classified as Level 3.

Off-balance-sheet instruments : Fair values for the Company's off-balance-sheet lending commitments in the form of letters of credit are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements.  It is the opinion of management that the fair value of these commitments would approximate their carrying value, if drawn upon, and are classified as Level 2.

Accrued interest:  The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value resulting in a Level 2 or Level 3 classification.

114 

Table of Contents 

The carrying amount and estimated fair values of other financial instruments as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

115 

Table of Contents 

Note 21. Other Noninterest Expense

Other noninterest expense items are presented in the following table for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. Components exceeding 1% of the aggregate of total net interest income and total noninterest income are presented separately.

Note 22. Subsequent Events

Purchase of Commercial Property.   In March 2016, the Bank formed Triscensions ABQ, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the bank,  for the purpose of acquiring, holding, and managing a commercial office building at 7445 Pan American Freeway, NE in Albuquerque, NM.  The Bank intends to utilize approximately one quarter of the building for future banking offices with the remainder of the building leased to long term tenants.   The Bank injected $5 million in initial capital into the new subsidiary, Triscensions ABQ, LLC.  These funds were used to purchase the property and for funding future operations and possible renovations.

Stock Purchase Agreement.  On September 8, 2016, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Castle Creek Capital Partners VI, L.P. ( Castle Creek ), Patriot Financial Partners II, L.P., Patriot Financial Partners Parallel II, L.P. (together with Patriot Financial Partners II, L.P.,  Patriot ) and Strategic Value Bank Partners LLC, through its fund, Strategic Value Investors LP ( SVBP , and collectively, the  Investors ), pursuant to which the Company expects to raise gross proceeds of approximately $52 million in a private placement transaction and to issue shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of $4.75 per common share and shares of newly-created nonvoting noncumulative convertible perpetual Series C Preferred Stock at a purchase price of $475.00 per share of Series C Preferred Stock.  Proceeds from the private placement transaction will be used to repurchase all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, to pay the deferred interest on our trust preferred securities, and for general corporate purposes.  Closing of the private placement transaction is subject to the receipt of the necessary regulatory approvals or nonobjections for the use of proceeds described above. We currently anticipate that the private placement transaction will close in [October] 2016. There are no assurances that we will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or nonobjections or otherwise be able to close the private placement transaction.

In connection with the private placement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with each of Castle Creek and Patriot. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement for the purpose of registering the resale of the shares of the Common Stock and Series C preferred stock issued in the private placement and the underlying shares of Common Stock or non-voting Common Stock into which the shares of Series C preferred stock are convertible, as appropriate. The Company is obligated to file the registration statement no later than the third anniversary after the closing of the private placement.

116 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement, prior to closing, Castle Creek and Patriot will enter into side letter agreements with us.  Under the terms of a side letter agreements, each investor will be entitled to have one representative appointed to our Board of Directors for so long as such investor, together with its respective affiliates, owns, in the aggregate, 5% or more of all of the outstanding shares of  common stock (including shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C preferred stock or non-voting Common Stock).

Note 23.  Condensed Parent Company Financial Information

The condensed financial statements of Trinity Capital Corporation (parent company only) are presented below:

Balance Sheets

117 

Table of Contents 

Statements of Operations

118 

Table of Contents 

Statements of Cash Flows

Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

119 

Table of Contents 

Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures

As discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014, filed on May 9, 2016, subsequent to the issuance of the Company s consolidated financial statements on Form 10-Q as of and for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2012, the Company s management determined that the Bank, the Company s wholly owned bank subsidiary (the  Bank ), had not properly recognized certain losses and risks inherit in its loan portfolio on a timely basis as disclosed in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Current Reports filed on November 13, 2012, April 26, 2013 and October 27, 2014 with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  This failure was caused by the override of controls by certain former members of management and material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting.

Management anticipates that its remedial actions, and further actions that are being developed, will strengthen the Company s internal control over financial reporting and will, over time, address the material weaknesses that were identified.  Certain of the remedial measures, primarily those associated with information technology systems, infrastructure and controls, may require ongoing effort and investment. Management has made technological improvements with the implementation of the new core systems in mid-July 2016.  These new enhanced core systems will allow management to redesign processes and enhance controls.  Because some of these remedial actions take place on a quarterly basis, their successful implementation must be further evaluated before management is able to conclude that a material weakness has been remediated.  The Company cannot provide any assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or that the Company s internal control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. Our management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee, will continue to identify and take steps to remedy known material weaknesses as expeditiously as possible and enhance the overall design and capability of our control environment.

To address the material weaknesses described below, the Company performed extensive procedures to ensure the reliability of its financial reporting.  These procedures included independent review of loan grading, TDR recognition, accrual status, collateral valuations, impairment and required loan loss reserves. Additional procedures were conducted relating to accounts payable, journal entries and reconciliations, and access controls. The additional procedures were conducted at a detailed level and included the dedication of a significant amount of internal resources and external consultants. As a result, management believes that the consolidated financial statements and other financial information included in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented in accordance with GAAP.

Controls and Procedures

The Company maintains controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the United States SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based on the definition of  disclosure controls and procedures  in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e).

The Company does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors or fraud.  A control procedure, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control procedure are met and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  Because of the inherent limitations in all control procedures, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.  These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns in controls or procedures can occur because of simple error or mistake.  Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control.  The design of any control procedure is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control procedure, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

120 

Table of Contents 

In connection with the preparation and filing of this Form 10-K, the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. In making its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, management used the 1992 framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework . Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2015, as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as discussed below.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of Management and Directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting is based on the criteria established in the 1992  Internal Control    Integrated Framework  issued by the COSO.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. A material weakness is a deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) Auditing Standard No. 5), or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

In connection with the preparation and filing of this Form 10-K, the Company s Management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. Based on this evaluation, Management has concluded that there were control deficiencies in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which individually or in combination were considered material weaknesses as of December 31, 2015. Management has identified the following material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. Many of these weaknesses continue to be present.

(1) 
 
  Internal Control Environment.   Weaknesses in the control environment resulted in an environment in which management was able to override controls in the past, including:

Sufficient importance and attention was not given to developing, re-assessing and updating policies and procedures for financially significant areas.

Training historically focused on the performance of procedures without sufficient attention to the reason or importance of the procedures and controls.

(2) 
 
  Information Systems and Reports.   Weaknesses in the control environment over implementation, change management and monitoring of in-house systems were present, including:

121 

Table of Contents 

For the third party application used to calculate trust fee income, management relied on the application without performing a review of the SOC/SSAE 16 report as well as the associated Complementary User Entity Controls.

A review of user access to financially significant applications had been initiated but not completed in its entirety in calendar year 2015.  In addition, security events were not being tracked through available application logs for several of these applications.

The core system for loans and deposits did not provide the tools or reports necessary for management to implement an effective set of controls over account-level file maintenance changes.

(3) 
 
  Internal Audit and Risk Management.   The Company s Internal Audit function did not provide adequate oversight and the Company s Risk Management function lacked formality and structure as follows:

Progress occurred in 2015 after the reorganization of the Internal Audit function, but for the majority of the year the Company s Internal Audit function did not provide adequate oversight due to an improper risk assessment process, inaccurate or outdated process and control documentation, untimely testing procedures, and insufficient monitoring over training of Internal Audit personnel.  Risk assessment and audit procedures designed did not sufficiently address risks in financial reporting, although improvement occurred after this function was outsourced to a third party during the year.

Process and control documentation did not accurately reflect the actual processes and controls in place.  In various cases, process and control flow charts include controls that were no longer applicable and do not reflect newly implemented controls.

Testing of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting was not completed in a timely manner.

The Company did not have a formal risk management function for the majority of 2015.

(4) 
 
  Financial Reporting.   The Company lacked sufficient staffing over the financial reporting function, resulting in reporting issues, errors and untimely financial reporting, as follows:

For the majority of the year the Company lacked sufficient qualified individuals within the financial reporting function. Prior to the arrival of these individuals, undue reliance was placed on results from regulatory and external examinations to identify financial reporting issues and errors.

Management reviews of control procedures designed to validate and detect errors at period end were informal in various cases and in most cases lacked the precision necessary to identify material errors.

Segregation of duties were not in place in several financially significant areas.

Period-end financial reporting procedures were informal and inconsistent for the majority of the year.  Similarly, for the majority of the year management did not utilize  checklists to:

i. 
 
 Track completion of month-end key reconciliations

ii.

Complete and review calculations affecting significant accounting estimates

iii.

Track compliance with GAAP and SEC reporting requirements.

iv.

Document the review of regulatory reporting requirements including call reports.

Subsequent event identification procedures were incomplete, resulting in untimely identifications and adjustments.

Controls over certain reconciliations were either not in place or not properly designed, resulting in one case where unidentified reconciling items and classification errors were not detected..

A control is not in place to validate the completeness of related party loan and deposit disclosures within both regulatory and financial reporting.

(5) 
 
  Allowance for Loan Losses.   Processes and controls designed to monitor loan quality and determine the allowance for loan loss reserve were inadequate as follows:

Reserve calculations and reports utilized to estimate required reserves were subject to informal control procedures, leading to weaknesses in the quality of documentation utilized by management to support loan impairments, specific reserve requirements, and qualitative adjustments.

Reports utilized by the Loan Risk Rating Committee were not subject to formal reviews to ensure that decisions are being made based on accurate and complete information.

Review of the allowance for loan loss calculation was informal and insufficiently precise, and the quality of documentation surrounding management s analysis was low.

122 

Table of Contents 

These material weaknesses impacted the Company s ability to complete its financial statements in a timely manner.

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Attestation on Management s Assessment of Internal Controls

As of result of a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act, which, among other things, permanently exempted non-accelerated filers, such as us, from complying with the requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires an issuer to include an attestation report from an issuer s independent registered public accounting firm on the issuer s internal control over financial reporting, this Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

The Company determined the following preliminary steps were necessary to address the aforementioned material weaknesses, including:

The Company has replaced several members of senior management. Various officers of the Company, including several loan officers, left the Company, and the Company hired a new Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Lending Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Wealth Strategies   Fiduciary Officer, Director of Internal Audit and Chief Credit Officer. Additional staff was added in the Compliance and Accounting   Finance Departments. In addition, the Company created the position of Chief Risk Officer and hired a qualified candidate who started with the Bank in 2016.

The Board of Directors appointed two new independent directors in 2015 and one new independent director in 2013 who serves as the Board Audit Committee Chair. The Board Audit Committee Chair possesses significant experience auditing large, sophisticated companies and has been designated by the Board as a qualified financial expert. John S. Gulas, Chief Executive Officer was appointed to the Board in 2014 and is the sole management director on the Board.

The Board of Directors is strengthening the Company s control environment by ensuring that management has adopted a philosophy, operating style and general tone that promotes and reinforces the importance of internal controls and compliance.  This is being accomplished through formal as well as informal communications from the Board and management, development and issuance of formal control procedures, and providing formal training to individuals responsible for the operation of controls.

The process and controls for the review of loans were reevaluated and restructured.  Controls over loan review and grading ensure that all loans requiring review under the loan policy are reviewed, accurate loan grades are assigned, and grade changes, TDR status, loan impairments and charge-offs are recognized in a timely manner.  Loans under common relationships will be evaluated by considering global, historic cash flows.

The Company has implemented a review and approval process over the periodic loan reviews that are completed by loan officers.  These reviews will consider the information utilized, assumptions made, and conclusions reached by the loan officer.

The Company has restructured its loan review function.  This function is now outsourced and conducted by external independent loan review personnel. This is intended to ensure independence from the Loan Department and that disagreements can be resolved by individuals who can render an unbiased opinion.

In 2015, the Audit Committee restructured the Internal Audit function to ensure independence and sufficient expertise through the hiring of a highly qualified Director of Internal Audit who has extensive banking experience in the internal audit area and the engagement of new highly qualified independent third party to provide internal audit services.  The Director of Internal Audit reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Board as does the Chief Risk Officer, who has primary responsibility for the compliance area.  The Internal Audit function is designed to be free from interference in determining the scope of internal auditing, performing work, and communicating results.  Individuals who may be impacted by the Internal Audit, Risk Management or Compliance Department findings will not be put in a position to oversee the functions.

123 

Table of Contents 

The Internal Audit function updated its risk assessments.  The scope of testing performed by the department incorporates an assessment of the risks that could result in a misstatement of the Company s financial statements. Qualified independent external resources have been engaged to perform audits and support to the Internal Audit staff.

The Company undergoing a conversion of its systems and tools used for compiling and issuing its financials to provide improved controls.  The Company imposed controls relating to the segregation of duties and access rights to various systems and is continuing to refine those controls to ensure effectiveness. In addition, the Company is undergoing a conversion of its core systems from its internally developed system to a third-party service provider which is expected to improve controls.

The remediation plans identified above were in different stages of progress as of the date of this Form 10-K. Management anticipates that these remedial actions, and further actions that are being developed, when fully implemented will strengthen the Company s internal control over financial reporting and will, over time, address the material weaknesses that were identified.  Certain of the remedial measures, primarily those associated with information technology systems, infrastructure and controls, may require ongoing effort and investment. Because some of these remedial actions take place on a quarterly basis, their successful implementation must be further evaluated before management is able to conclude that a material weakness has been remediated.  The Company cannot provide any assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or that the Company s internal control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. Our management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee, will continue to identify and take steps to remedy known material weaknesses as expeditiously as possible and enhance the overall design and capability of our control environment.

Item 9B.    Other Information

None.

124 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Board of Directors

Trinity s Board of Directors ( the Board ) is divided into three classes with one class elected each year to serve for a three-year term.  On June 22, 2015, the Boards of Trinity and the Bank appointed Gregory Antonsen as a director.  The Company disclosed his appointment on a Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2015. On September 18, 2015, the Boards of Trinity and the Bank appointed Leslie Nathanson Juris as a director.  The Company disclosed her appointment on a Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015.

At the Shareholder Meeting held on January 22, 2015, two Class I directors, all incumbent nominees, were re-elected to serve until the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2016 or until their respective successors are elected or appointed and two Class II directors, both incumbent nominees, were re-elected to serve until the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2017 or until their respective successors are elected or appointed.

The following descriptions provide the background and qualifications for each director, including the year each became a director of Trinity and his or her positions with the Company. The age indicated for each individual is as of May 1, 2016.  There are no family relationships among directors or executive officers of the Company.

GREGORY ( GREGG ) A. ANTONSEN

Director Since June 2015

Class I Director

Mr. Antonsen, age 62, has served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Trinity and the Bank since June 2015. Mr. Antonsen serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance, Enterprise Risk Management and Compensation Committees. Mr. Antonsen is the Senior Vice President and Qualifying Broker at Sotheby s International Realty Santa Fe. Mr. Antonsen has been at Sotheby s International Realty since 2011. Prior to joining Sotheby s International Realty, Mr. Antonsen served for eight years as Senior Vice President for Business Development with Christie s International Real Estate, headquartered in Santa Fe, where he oversaw management of regional offices and business growth throughout North America. Mr. Antonsen was the founder of Antonsen, Garrett   Associates, Ltd., a boutique real estate firm in Hawaii and also conducted a solo law practice for ten years. Mr. Antonsen earned his Bachelors of Art degree from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota and a Juris Doctorate from William Mitchell College of Law in St. Paul, Minnesota.

Mr. Antonsen brings more than 30 years of experience with real estate, marketing and management.

JAMES E. GOODWIN, JR.

Director Since 2013

Class III Director

Mr. Goodwin, age 68, has served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Trinity and the Bank since 2013. He is the Chair of the Audit Committee and serves as the audit committee financial expert, as defined under the SEC rules and regulations. Mr. Goodwin is also a member of the Board s Executive, Compensation, Loan and Enterprise Risk Management Committees. He was a Partner in the firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) and served as a member of the firm s U.S. Board of Partners and Principals.  Mr. Goodwin currently serves on PwC s Retired Partners Committee. Mr. Goodwin is a graduate of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University with a B.S. in Accounting and served on the Advisory Board for its College of Business-Department of Accounting and Information Technology.  He was a Certified Public Accountant in various states from 1973 until his retirement in 2009.

125 

Table of Contents 

Mr. Goodwin is a member of the Board of Directors of The National Dance Institute of New Mexico.   He also serves as a member of the Audit Committee of the New Mexico State Investment Council.  Mr. Goodwin served on the Board and as Treasurer of the Museum of New Mexico Foundation for a number of years and is currently a member of its Advisory Board.   He was a member of the Boards of the School of Advance Research and the Cancer Foundation of New Mexico, both located in Santa Fe.  Mr. Goodwin served as President of the Alzheimer s Association/Greater Houston Chapter and as the Treasurer of the Big Brothers/Big Sisters of Greater Memphis.  He also served on the Boards of these organizations as well as the National Conference of Christians and Jews, Memphis Chapter, and the Japan/American Society of Houston.

Mr. Goodwin brings extensive accounting, auditing, financial reporting and risk management experience to the Board.  He served at PwC for over 39 years in a wide range of U.S. and Global leadership, audit and risk management positions and served as the lead engagement partner on a number of PwC s largest clients.  During his career at PwC, Mr. Goodwin worked closely with senior management, boards of directors and audit committees of large multinational companies and his experience provides him with a unique perspective of the complex issues facing businesses.

JOHN S. GULAS

Director since 2014

Class II Director

Mr. Gulas, age 57, has  served as a member of  the Boards of Directors of Trinity and the Bank since May 2014. Mr. Gulas also serves as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Trinity and the Bank. Mr. Gulas is a member of the Executive, Loan, Enterprise Risk Management, and Trust and Investment Committees. Prior to joining Trinity and the Bank, Mr. Gulas served as President and Chief Executive Officer for Farmers National Bank headquartered in Canfield, Ohio from 2010 to 2014, and served as Chief Operating Officer for Farmers National Bank from 2008 to 2010. Mr. Gulas served as President and Chief Executive Officer for Sky Trust, Co, N.A., a subsidiary of Sky Financial from 2005 to 2007. In his 26-year banking career, Mr. Gulas has also held executive positions at UMB, Wachovia Corporation, and KeyCorp. Mr. Gulas is a graduate of Youngstown State University and the University of Toledo College of Law.

Mr. Gulas has also been very active in business development and charitable organizations. These activities included serving as a Director of the Regional Chamber Foundation in Youngstown/Warren, Ohio, the Better Business Bureau, the Mahoning Valley Economic Development Corporation, the Ohio Bankers League, the Youngstown Business Incubator, the Ohio Foundation of Independent Colleges, the Achievement Centers for Children, the Museum of Labor and Industry, the Great Trail Girl Scout Council, the Kansas City Arts Council Advisory Board, the Dayton Ballet and the Atlanta Ballet.

Mr. Gulas currently serves as a director for the Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce, the Los Alamos Commerce and Development Corporation, the New Mexico Bankers Association, and the Los Alamos National Laboratory Foundation.

Mr. Gulas brings extensive banking, management and strategic planning experience to the Board and the management of Trinity and the Bank. Mr. Gulas has a track record of improved performance, increasing stockholder value and growth in a community bank environment. Mr. Gulas was recognized by the American Bankers Association for leading Farmers National Bank to national acclaim as one of the top community banks in the country, and under Mr. Gulas  management in 2013 and 2014, Farmers National Bank was named by Bank Director magazine as one of the best banks with $1-5 billion in assets.

126 

Table of Contents 

JEFFREY F. HOWELL

Director Since 2002

Class III Director

Ms. Howell, age 63, has served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Trinity and the Bank since 2002 and was Chair of the Board of Trinity from 2004 to 2008. She was the Chair of the Audit Committee from 2003 to 2014.  Ms. Howell is the Chair of the Board s Enterprise Risk Management Committee and a member of the Board s Audit and Trust and Investment Committees. She was President and Chief Executive Officer of Howell Fuel and Lumber Company, Inc., headquartered in Wallkill, New York. She was the founder and managing Director of Howell Meyers Associates from 1997 to 2001, was employed in various capacities at Harvard University from 1985 to 1991, including as Associate Director for Administration at Harvard College Observatory and Assistant Dean for Financial Operations in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences. She was an accountant in the Emerging Business Systems Group at Coopers   Lybrand from 1982 to 1984 after receiving her Masters of Business Administration from Yale University.

Ms. Howell is active in charitable and community organizations. She is a member of the Board of Directors of the Los Alamos National Laboratory Foundation of which she is a past President, President of The Delle Foundation, member of the League of Women Voters of Los Alamos, a member of the J. R. Oppenheimer Memorial Committee and a past Dog Handler and Search and Rescue volunteer for the Mountain Canine Corps K-9 Unit of the Pajarito Ski Patrol.  Ms. Howell is also Chair of the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center Advisory Council of the University of Texas at Austin.

LESLIE NATHANSON JURIS

Director Since September 2015

Class II Director

Ms. Nathanson Juris, age 70, has served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Trinity and the Bank since September 2015. Ms. Nathanson Juris serves as a member of the Board s Enterprise Risk Management and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Ms. Nathanson Juris is the Founder and has been Managing Director of Nathanson/Juris Consulting, which advises corporate executives on issues of strategy, leadership, and organizational and personal performance. She continues to serve as an active consultant with her firm. Ms. Nathanson Juris has extensive experience in serving on corporate boards, including serving as Board Member for Ameristar Casinos, Inc. from 2003 to 2013; as Advisory Board Member to Chas. Levy Company, LLC from 1999 to 2011; Advisory Board Member to Successories from 2000 to 2003; and as a Board Member to Quill from 1995 to 1998.  Ms. Nathanson Juris also has extensive experience serving on non-profit boards, including National Dance Institute, New Mexico (NDInm) from 2003 to present; Emeritus Director to Creativity for Peace from 2005 to present; and as Advisory Board Member for BeCause Foundation from 2007 to present.

Ms. Nathanson Juris earned her Ph.D. in Organizational Behavior and Labor Relations from the Kellogg School of Management in 1979 and a Master s Degree from Northwestern University in 1975.  She served as an Adjunct Professor at Kellogg School of Management from 1999 to 2010, teaching executives from many industries, including Banking, courses in leadership, strategy and change management. Ms. Nathanson Juris earned her Bachelor s Degree from Tufts University.

Ms. Nathanson Juris brings this extensive experience and knowledge of leadership, business strategy and change management to the Boards of Trinity and the Bank.

JERRY KINDSFATHER

Director Since 1984

Class II Director

Jerry Kindsfather, age 66, has served as the Chair of the Board of Directors of Trinity since June 2012 and previously served as Chairman from 2000 to 2004. Mr. Kindsfather has served as the Chair of the Board of Directors of the Bank since February 2013. Mr. Kindsfather has served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Trinity and the Bank since 1984 and as a member of the Board of Directors of Title Guaranty since May 2000. He is the Chair of the Executive and Loan Committees and a member of the Compensation and Enterprise Risk Management Committees. Mr. Kindsfather retired in November 2003 after serving as President of AKC, Inc. since 1970 and as co-owner of Ed's Foods, a retail grocery store located in Los Alamos, New Mexico.  Mr. Kindsfather is a partner in J G Investments and is a managing member of KKSE, LLC.

127 

Table of Contents 

Mr. Kindsfather has business management experience and experience as a small business owner.  Mr. Kindsfather has extensive accounting and financial expertise.  Mr. Kindsfather has significant experience serving as a director for Trinity for 32 years.

ARTHUR B. MONTOYA, JR.

Director Since 2001

Class III Director

Dr. Montoya, age 52, has served as a member of the Boards of Directors of Trinity and the Bank since 2001. Dr. Montoya has served as Secretary for the Bank since 2012 and as Secretary for Trinity since 2015. He is Chair of the Board's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and is a member of the Board's Audit and Trust and Investment Committees. Dr. Montoya runs a successful dental practice in Los Alamos, New Mexico.

Dr. Montoya has been on the Pajarito Homeowners' Association Board of Directors and is a past Chairman, taught religious education at Immaculate Heart of Mary Catholic Church, is a past Chairman and a member of the Board of Directors of the Los Alamos Chamber of Commerce, a past member of the Board of Directors for the Los Alamos Historical Society, a past Chairman and member of the Board of Directors for the Los Alamos Medical Center, is active in the Northern New Mexico Interdisciplinary Study Club, has coached little league girls basketball at the Los Alamos Middle School, assisted with the Los Alamos Fusion Volleyball Club, and is involved with Special Olympics Los Alamos.

Dr. Montoya provides insight from his experience as a small business owner as well as from the dental and general medical community.  Dr. Montoya has served the community through his participation in various boards and organizations.

CHARLES A. SLOCOMB

Director Since 1999

Class I Director

Mr. Slocomb, age 69, has been a member of the Boards of Directors of Trinity and the Bank since 1999. Mr. Slocomb has served as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Trinity and the Bank since 2014. Mr. Slocomb is a member of the Board's Enterprise Risk Management, Loan,  Executive, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Audit Committees.  He retired from the Los Alamos National Laboratory in August 2004 and is currently employed by COMPA in Los Alamos mostly doing consulting work for the NNSA in the area of high performance computing. He held various management positions at the Laboratory, including Project Director, Division Director and Group Leader. He also serves as a member of the Road Committee of Laguna Vista Land Owners Association and as a volunteer firefighter for the Laguna Vista Volunteer Fire Department.

Mr. Slocomb s qualifications include his expertise in technology and computing, including data security.  Mr. Slocomb lived in Los Alamos for 30 years before moving to Santa Fe in 2004. He has extensive knowledge about our communities and the Laboratory, which constitutes a major employer and business in the Company s markets.

ROBERT P. WORCESTER

Director Since 1995

Class II Director

Mr. Worcester, age 69, has been a member of the Boards of Directors of Trinity and the Bank since 1995 and served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors from 2008 to 2012.  Mr. Worcester served as the Vice Chairman of the Board from 2004 to 2008.  Mr. Worcester is the Chair of the Compensation and Trust and Investment Committees. He is also a member of the Audit and Loan Committees.  Mr. Worcester retired in October 2014 after practicing law for 40 years.  Mr. Worcester most recently practiced at the firm of Sommer Udall Sutin Law. He was previously the President and a 50% stockholder of Worcester   McKay, LLC which merged with Sommer Udall Sutin Law in 2013.  Mr. Worcester has been recognized by "The Best Lawyers in America" for the last 21 years and was recently recognized by "Outstanding Lawyers in America" and in "Super Lawyers of the Southwest."  He is also a Fellow of the American College of Trust and Estate Council since 1988 and past President of the Santa Fe Estate Planning Council.  He is the past President of the Georgia O'Keefe Foundation, a past member and Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Veritas Foundation, and a past member and Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Don and Susan Meredith Foundation.   In addition, Mr. Worcester serves as a member of the Board of Directors and President of the Peters Family Art Foundation, as a member of the Board of Directors and as President of the John Bourne Foundation, and as a member of the Board of Directors and Secretary of the Allan Houser Foundation.

128 

Table of Contents 

Mr. Worcester s qualifications include his knowledge and expertise as a trust and estate attorney.  Mr. Worcester has knowledge of a broad range legal and business issues.  Mr. Worcester also serves the communities through professional, educational and community service organizations.

Executive Officers

John S. Gulas .  See  Board of Directors  above.

Daniel W. Thompson.  Mr. Thompson, age 64, has served as Chief Financial Officer of Trinity and the Bank since October 27, 2015. Mr. Thompson was previously employed as Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer at United Central Bank in Garland, Texas from August 2012 to August 2014 when United Central was acquired by Hamni Bank where Mr. Thompson served as Executive Vice-President and Regional Chief Financial Officer from September 2014 to March 2015.  Mr. Thompson also served as Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer for Providence Bank in Columbia, Missouri from October 2010 to May 2012 and Premier Bank in Jefferson City, Missouri where he served as Senior Vice-President and Corporate Treasurer from June of 2007 to October of 2010.  Mr. Thompson is a Certified Public Accountant and is an active member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Thompson holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Oklahoma.

Anne H. Kain.  Ms. Kain, age 43, serves as Vice President Accounting and Finance for the Bank, having previously served as Interim Chief Financial Officer of Trinity and the Bank from September 12, 2014 to October 27, 2015. Ms. Kain was previously employed at the Bank as V ice-President and Cashier of the Bank from 2011 to September 2014, Cashier from 2004 to 2011, Assistant Cashier from 2002 to 2004, and Senior Accountant from 2000 to 2001. Ms. Kain earned her Masters of Business Administration and Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Finance from the University of New Mexico Anderson School of Business. Ms. Kain has been active in the community, serving on the Board of Directors for Quality New Mexico since 2011 and Espanola Valley Humane Society since 2011.  As of August 2016 Anne Kain is no longer employed at the Bank. 

Thomas M. Lilly.   Mr. Lilly, age 57, has served as Chief Credit Officer of Los Alamos National Bank since July 2013.  Mr. Lilly was previously employed as Chief Credit Officer at The National Bank in Bettendorf, Iowa from August 2009 to July 2013.  Mr. Lilly as served as the Chief Credit Officer of West Valley National Bank in Goodyear, Arizona from January 2008 to January 2009.  Mr. Lilly has over 30 years  experience as a commercial lender and Chief Credit Officer.

Yin Y Ho.  Mr. Ho, age 64, has served as Chief Information Officer since September 29, 2014.  Mr. Ho was previously employed as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer at OmniAmerican Bank in Fort Worth, Texas since October 2008 until the bank was acquired by Southside Bank of Tyler, Texas.  Mr. Ho has performed key leadership roles as Chief Information Officer, Chief Information Security Officer, Technology Risk Management, and Enterprise Architect for IBM, Dell, Grant Thornton, Blockbuster, and Financial Institutions.  He is a frequent speaker for Banking and Finance Industry group in governance, risk, and cybersecurity areas, and was a adjunct professor at University of Texas in Arlington and University of North Texas.  Mr. Ho is the author of a network technology book and has served as publisher/editor-in-chief of information technology magazines.  Mr. Ho holds a BS from University of Wisconsin, an MS in Computer Science from North Dakota State University, and holds CIPP, CISA, CISM, CGEIT, and CISSP certification.

129 

Table of Contents 

Other Relationships

There are no arrangements or understandings between any of the directors or executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any of Trinity s directors or executive officers have been selected for their respective positions. No director or executive officer is related to any other director or executive officer. No director is a director of another  public corporation  (i.e. subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act) or of any investment company.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that the directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of Trinity s common stock file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These persons are also required to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on Trinity s review of the copies of such forms furnished to it and, if appropriate, representations made by any reporting person concerning whether a Form 5 was required to be filed for 2015, all reports required to be filed under Section 16(a) during 2015 were timely filed.

Code of Conduct

All directors and employees of Trinity and all of its subsidiaries , including Trinity s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, are required to abide by Trinity s Code of Conduct (the  Code of Conduct ).  Trinity does not maintain a separate code of ethics applicable solely to its directors, principal executive officer, principal financial officer and/or its principal accounting officer or the persons performing similar functions.  The Code of Conduct requires that the directors, executive officers, and employees of Trinity and its subsidiaries, avoid conflicts of interest, comply with all laws and other legal requirements, conduct business in an honest and ethical manner, and otherwise act with integrity and in Trinity s best interests.  Under the terms of the Code of Conduct, directors, executive officers and employees are required to report any conduct that they believe in good faith to be an actual or apparent violation of the Code of Conduct.

Trinity s Code of Conduct is available on its website   (www.lanb.com)   at   https://www.lanb.com/docs/default-source/TCC/code-of-conduct-(2016-03-18).pdf?sfvrsn=6  .  Trinity intends to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to or waiver of the Code of Conduct by posting such information on its website. No waivers to Trinity s Code of Conduct were granted or made in 2015.

Corporate Governance

Director Independence; Board Leadership Structure.  It is Trinity s policy that the Board of Directors consists of a majority of independent directors. The Board has determined that each of Goodwin, Kindsfather, Montoya, Jr., Slocomb, Worcester and Antonsen and Mmes. Howell and Nathanson Juris is  independent,  as defined by NASDAQ.  In making these determinations, the Board was aware of and considered the loan and deposit relationships with directors and their related interests with which the Bank enters into in the ordinary course of business, and any other arrangements which would fall within the provisions described under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in Item 13 below.

While not prohibited by its Bylaws, Trinity s leadership structure since inception has been organized such that the positions of Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer are filled by two different persons. Currently, Jerry Kindsfather serves as Chairman and John S. Gulas serves as Chief Executive Officer.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.  The members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consist of Dr. Montoya (Chair), Antonsen and Slocomb and Ms. Nathanson Juris. The Board has determined that each member of the Committee is  independent,  as defined by the SEC and NASDAQ. The purpose of the Committee is to evaluate and recommend to the Board nominees for consideration by Trinity s stockholders to serve as directors and to review and analyze the corporate governance policies and practices of Trinity. The Committee has adopted a written charter, which can be found on the Bank s website at   https://www.lanb.com/home/tcc-investor-relations/tcc-ncgc-charter     setting forth the Committee s duties and functions.

130 

Table of Contents 

Nominating Process.  There have been no changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to the Board since such procedures were disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed with the SEC on May 9, 2016.

Audit Committee.  Mr. Goodwin (Chair), Dr. Montoya, Slocomb, and Worcester and Ms. Howell currently serve on the Audit Committee. The Board has determined that Mr. Goodwin is an  audit committee financial expert  as defined under the SEC rules and regulations.  Each member of the Audit Committee is  independent  as that term is defined in the rules of NASDAQ and met the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. The Board has determined that each Audit Committee member is financially literate .   The Audit Committee of the Company also serves as the Audit Committee for the Bank.

The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include the following:

Selecting and retaining Trinity s independent registered public accounting firm, approval of the services they will perform and review of the results, both with management and in executive session with the independent registered public accounting firm;

Reviewing the performance of the independent registered public accounting firm;

Reviewing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the systems of internal controls, including the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems of internal control over financial reporting and any significant changes in internal control over financial reporting, accounting practices and disclosure controls and procedures;

Reviewing annual and quarterly financial statements and other Trinity  filings;

Reviewing internal audit reports and associated controls;

Instituting procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by Trinity regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters; and

Assisting the Board in the oversight of:

o

the integrity of Trinity s consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Trinity s internal control over financial reporting; and

o

the independent registered public accounting firm s and Internal Auditor s qualifications and independence.

The Audit Committee will also carry out any other responsibilities delegated to the Audit Committee by the full Board.  The Committee has adopted a written charter which can be found at the Bank s website at   https://www.lanb.com/home/tcc-investor-relations/tcc-audit-committee     setting forth the Audit Committee s duties and functions.

Compensation Committee.  Worcester (Chair), Antonsen, Goodwin, and Kindsfather serve on the Compensation Committee.  The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is  independent  as that term is defined by the SEC and NASDAQ. These committee members are  outside  directors under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and all are non-employee directors pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The Compensation Committee has a written charter which may be found on the Bank s website at   https://www.lanb.com/home/tcc-investor-relations/tcc-compensation-committee  . The Compensation Committee of the Company also serves as the Compensation Committee of the Bank.

131 

Table of Contents 

The Compensation Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board regarding (and, in some cases, setting) compensation and incentive compensation awards and plans, and other forms of compensation for senior management as well as the contributions toward short- and long-term incentive compensation for all employees. The Compensation Committee is also responsible for reviewing and making recommendations to the full Board for all matters pertaining to compensation paid to directors for Board, committee and committee Chair services. The Compensation Committee, in accordance with its obligations under applicable rules and regulations of the federal banking regulators, periodically reviews and assesses the Company s compensation plans to ensure that the risk-taking behavior incentivized by such plans is kept to an appropriate level. The Compensation Committee will, as necessary, amend or discontinue any plan or revise any company policy or procedure to meet its obligations under applicable rules and regulations of the federal banking regulators. The Compensation Committee also approves the Compensation Committee Report.

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

Executive Compensation

Summary Compensation Table.  During 2015, the Company s named executive officers ( NEOs ) were as follows: John S. Gulas, Daniel W. Thompson, Thomas M. Lilly, Yin Y Ho, and Anne H. Kain. The following table contains the summary of compensation awarded to, paid to or earned by the NEOs in 2015. The NEOs are compensated by the Bank.

(1) 
 
 Amounts reported in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock units ( RSUs ), computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating these amounts are set forth in Note 13 to this Form 10-K.

132 

Table of Contents 

Mr. Gulas did not receive an increase in salary for 2015, nor did Ms. Kain.  Mr. Gulas and certain other senior officers of the Bank are eligible for incentive-based compensation to be earned in 2015 pursuant to the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan and the Incentive Compensation Program. Awards pursuant to these plans are both discretionary and based upon performance metrics.  The performance metrics are aimed at encouraging growth and increasing profitability and ensuring appropriate risk management.  In addition, the equity awards will vest over a three-year period and require profitability in subsequent years as a prerequisite to vesting, among other requirements. Awards made under these plans are subject to recoupment by the Company in the event of a material error or the necessity for a restatement of the data upon which the award was based.

Grants of Plan-Based Awards.    There were no grants to any NEO in 2015.

Outstanding Equity Awards as of 2015 Year-End.  The following table provides information as of December 31, 2015 regarding outstanding equity awards held by the NEOs.

Name

Number of

Securities

Underlying

Unexercised

Options

(#)

Exercisable

Number of

Securities

Underlying

Unexercised

Options

(#)

Unexercisable

Option

Exercise

Price

($)

Option

Expiration

Date

Number of

Shares or

Units of

Stock That

Have Not

Vested (1)

(#)

Fair

Value of

Shares or

Units of

Stock

That

Have Not

Vested (2)

($)

John S. Gulas

-

-

-

-

11,765

47,060

(2) 
 
 The fair value is based upon the last reported sale price of the Company common stock on December 31, 2015 of $4.00 per share.

The Company awarded Mr. Gulas 6,000 shares of unrestricted common stock on February 24, 2015, the fair value of which was $24,000 based upon the last reported sale price of the Company common stock on February 24, 2015 of $4.00 per share.  This award was based upon Mr. Gulas  performance in 2014.  No other executive officer was awarded equity in 2015.

Employment Agreements.  During 2015, the Company had in place employment agreements with Mr. Gulas, Mr. Thompson, and Ms. Kain. The Company entered into these agreements to provide certainty in the relationships between the Company and these key employees in relation to their positions, as well as to establish non-compete and non-solicitation agreements and change in control provisions. The key provisions of these agreements are summarized immediately below and in the   Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control   section below. These summaries are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full employment agreements, copies of which are filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K.  Ms. Kain s term of employment under the agreement expired on October 27, 2015.

The Company s employment agreements contain non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement and confidentiality provisions, equitable enforcement provisions, and dispute resolution provisions. Mr. Gulas  employment agreement also requires him to provide 90 days  notice of intent to terminate employment voluntarily.  Ms. Kain s employment agreement provides for the forfeiture and claw-back of the salary differential amounts described therein in the event that she terminates her employment prior to sixty (60) days following the appointment of a permanent Chief Financial Officer. These provisions were consideration to induce the Company to enter into the agreements and, thus, any benefit conferred by the employment agreements is conditioned on the honoring of these terms by the executive. Each of the Company s employment agreements referenced above precondition the receipt of any severance pay or other benefits upon a general release of claims against the Company and the Bank.

133 

Table of Contents 

The employment agreements also include a provision that requires the adjustment or recovery of awards or payments upon restatement or other adjustment of relevant company financial statements or performance metrics. Thus, to the extent that such adjustment or recovery is required under applicable securities or other law, the Company s employment agreements provide that the executive will make restitution.

New CFO Employment Agreement.  On October 19, 2015, the Bank entered into a two-year employment agreement with Daniel W. Thompson, Chief Financial Officer of the Bank. On October 27, 2015, the Company and the Bank entered into a two-year employment agreement with Mr. Thompson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Bank. The agreement will extend automatically each year for additional one-year periods beginning on the first anniversary of its effective date, unless either party chooses not to extend the term. Mr. Thompson s initial annual base salary under the agreement will be $262,500, and he will participate in the benefit plans currently available to Bank employees and be entitled to certain additional benefits including temporary housing expenses, reimbursement of certain moving expenses and realtor fees up to a total of $45,000. Mr. Thompson is eligible to participate in the Company s incentive plans, including the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan at a level of thirty percent (30%) of Base Salary, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and as approved by the Board.

Under his employment agreement, Mr. Thompson is entitled to a severance payment equal to 12 months of base salary in the event of an involuntary termination in connection with a change in control or a voluntary termination within 30 days following a change in control. All severance payments due to Mr. Thompson under his agreement are contingent upon his execution of a general release of claims against Trinity and the Bank. All payments due to Mr. Thompson under the agreement will be limited in order to avoid application of an excise tax under Internal Revenue Code Section 280G. Mr. Thompson s employment agreement also contains non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement and confidentiality provisions, and equitable enforcement provisions.

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control.    As of December 31, 2015, the Bank is deemed to be in  troubled condition  by virtue of the regulatory enforcement actions, and as a result, we are required to comply with certain restrictions on severance payments under the applicable rules and may be prohibited from making some or all of the payments reflected in the table below in connection with an employment termination. However, the table below sets forth the estimated amount of incremental compensation payable to each of the NEOs upon different employment termination and change in control scenarios as though the troubled condition rules did not apply. The amounts shown assume the hypothetical payment event was effective as of December 31, 2015, and that the price of the Company s common stock was the closing price of $4.00 on December 31, 2015 (the last trading day of the year).

Potential Payment Event

John S. Gulas

Daniel W. Thompson

Voluntary Termination (including Retirement)

None

None

Termination without Cause (no Change in Control)

None

None

Termination for Cause (no Change in Control)

None

None

Involuntary Termination following Change in Control

$

447,060 

(1) 

$

262,500 

(2) 

Termination Due to Death or Disability

$

47,060 

(3) 

$

0

Change in Control (no Termination)

$

47,060 

(3) 

$

0

(1) 
 
 Under his employment agreement, Mr. Gulas is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of his annual base salary in the event of a termination of his employment (a) by the Company without cause within 12 months following a change in control of the Company, (b) by him for good reason (as defined in his agreement) within 12 months following a change in control of the Company, or (c) by him for any reason within 30 days following a change in control of the Company.

134 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 
 Under his employment agreement, Mr. Thompson is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of his annual base salary in the event of a termination of his employment (a) by the Company without cause within 12 months following a change in control of the Company, (b) by him for good reason (as defined in his agreement) within 12 months following a change in control of the Company, or (c) by him for any reason within 30 days following a change in control of the Company.

(3) 
 
 The outstanding RSUs awarded to Mr. Gulas under the 2015 Plan would vest 100% upon Mr. Gulas  termination without cause on or following a change in control of the Company.

All change in control payments due to Mr. Gulas and Mr. Thompson are limited in order to avoid application of an excise tax under Internal Revenue Code Section 280G.

Tax and Accounting Considerations.  In consultation with advisors, the tax and accounting treatment of each of the Company s compensation programs is evaluated at the time of adoption and, as necessary, with changes in tax or other applicable rules or conditions making such a review prudent to ensure we understand the financial impact of each program on the Company and the value of the benefit provided to the Company s officers and employees.

Code Section 162(m) generally limits the Bank s Federal income tax deduction for certain executive compensation in excess of $1 million paid to the Chief Executive Officer and the three highest compensated officers (other than the Chief Financial Officer) serving at the end of the year. The $1 million deduction limit does not apply, however, to  performance-based compensation,  as that term is defined in Code Section 162(m). The Compensation Committee recognizes the possibility that if the amounts of the base salary of a covered officer, and other compensation that is not  performance-based compensation,  exceeds $1 million, it may not be fully deductible for Federal income tax purposes. The Compensation Committee will make a determination at any such time whether to authorize the payment of such amounts without regard to deductibility or whether the terms of payment should be modified as to preserve any deduction otherwise available. In 2015, the limitation on deductibility of compensation to the Company s officers did not affect the Company s compensation practices nor did the Company pay any officers an amount in excess of the applicable deductibility limit.

Stock Ownership Requirements.  The Company has not adopted stock ownership requirements for the NEOs or directors apart from the requirements of the bank regulators under 12 U.S.C. Section 72, which require directors to own a minimum of $1,000 in the Company s stock. Each of the Company s directors satisfies this requirement. See   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   in this Form 10-K, Part III, Item 12.  As a practical matter, the NEOs and directors hold significant interests in the Company s stock, which they have accumulated primarily through individual purchases and, for NEOs, through the exercise of stock incentive awards, as reflected in the Security Ownership table in this Form 10-K, Part III, Item 12.

Compensation Claw-backs.  Upon completion of the restatement of financial data contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 filed with the SEC on December 12, 2014, the Company initiated a compensation claw-back in accordance with CPP rules and all other applicable laws.  The claw-backs included all persons subject to claw-back requirements who received incentive compensation based upon the Company s performance during 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2010.  The total of the claw-backs is approximately $97 thousand of which over $78 thousand was recovered as of March 31, 2016.

Director Compensation

The Company provides compensation to non-employee directors based on the service they provide to the Company. The Company s employee director, John S. Gulas, was not provided compensation for his service as director during 2015. The Company s employee director was compensated for his positions within the Company during 2015 as described above.

135 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth compensation provided to each of the non-employee directors of the Company and includes compensation for their services as directors of the Bank in 2015.

(1) 
 
 All Other Compensation consists of tax gross-ups. The Company does not provide for the payment of any tax gross-ups to its NEOs.

The Board modified the fees paid to non-employee members, effective January 1, 2016, as presented in the table below. Each non-employee member of the Board receives the compensation as presented in the following table.

(2)

On February 24, 2015, all then-current directors were awarded 2,500 shares of unrestricted common stock valued at $10,000, based upon the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock of $4.00 per share on the date of grant, for service completed in 2014. On that same date, the 2015 Fee Schedule was modified to include an annual grant of unrestricted stock valued at $10,000, based upon the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant.  Accordingly, on that date, all then-current directors were awarded an additional 2,500 shares of unrestricted common stock valued at $10,000, based upon the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock of $4.00 per share on the date of grant for service in 2015. A grant valued at $10,000 in unrestricted stock, based upon the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, is granted to each new director upon appointment.

(3)

On December 15, 2015, the Fee Schedule was modified to increase the annual stock grant to directors and to provide an additional grant of unrestricted stock for the chairs of Trinity committees and the members of the Executive Committee.  The revised fee schedule was effective on January 1, 2016.

Under the Trinity Capital Corporation Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, approved effective March 24, 2015, directors may choose to defer some or all of their annual cash retainers. Deferred compensation will be invested in an interest-bearing account.  In 2015 one board member elected to defer a portion of board fees earned.

136 

Table of Contents 

Role of Compensation Consultants and Advisors

Under the Compensation Committee charter, the Compensation Committee is authorized to engage consultants or advisors in connection with its review and analysis of director compensation.  The Compensation Committee engaged McLagan, an independent executive financial institution compensation consultant, to provide advice and recommendations on all compensation matters under its oversight responsibilities in 2015.  The Committee in its sole discretion selects the consultant, and determines its compensation and scope of responsibilities.

In 2015, McLagan assisted the Committee by providing advice and recommendations regarding the compensation philosophy and strategies; executive and director compensation levels and practices, including review and recommendations on chief executive officer and other executive compensation and evaluation of chief executive officer pay and peer levels; designation of the Company s compensation peer groups; guidance on the design of the compensation plans including the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan; and periodic reports regarding market and industry compensation trends.  The Committee and the Company did not engage McLagan for any additional services outside of executive and director compensation consulting during 2015.  In addition, the Committee does not believe that there were any potential conflicts of interest that arise from any work performed by McLagan during 2015.

Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of Trinity s common stock by:

Any person who is known to Trinity to own beneficially more than 5% of Trinity s common stock;

Each of Trinity s directors;

The NEOs of Trinity; and

All current executive officers and Directors as a group.

All shares of common stock are owned with sole voting and investment power by each person listed, unless otherwise indicated by footnote.  Beneficial ownership as of the dates noted has been determined for this purpose in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, under which a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities if he or she has shares voting power or investment power with respect to such securities or has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of securities within 60 days of October 1, 2016. The shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of October 1, 2016, are deemed outstanding for calculating the percentage of outstanding shares of the person holding those options, but are not deemed outstanding for calculating the percentage of any other person.  The address of each beneficial owner is c/o Trinity, 1200 Trinity Drive, Los Alamos, New Mexico 87544, unless otherwise indicated by footnote.  As of July 1, 2016, there were 6,526,302 shares of common stock outstanding, each share entitled to one vote.

137 

Table of Contents 

(1)

The James E. Goodwin, Jr. 2010 Trust holds 10,000 shares which was gifted to the trust by Mr. Goodwin.  Mr. Goodwin does not have any voting or investment power over such shares.  Mr. Worcester is one of the Trustees of the trust and has voting and investment power over such shares.

(4)

Mr. Kindsfather holds 100,268 shares in the Kindsfather Family Revocable Trust. Mr. Kindsfather s beneficial ownership also includes 129,592 shares, one-half of the 259,184 shares held by J G Investments, in which Mr. Kindsfather is a 50% partner with shared voting and investment power.

(6)

Dr. Montoya shares voting and investment power in 25,033 shares with his spouse. The remaining 300 shares are held by the Arthur B. Montoya, Jr., DDS Profit Sharing Plan over which Dr. Montoya shares voting and investment power.

(7)

Mr. Slocomb shares voting and investment power in such shares with his spouse.

(9)

Mr. Worcester shares voting and investment power over 14,674 shares with his spouse.  Mr. Worcester serves as Trustee to the James E. Goodwin, Jr. 2010 Trust and has investment powers over the 10,000 shares held therein.  These shares are included under James E. Goodwin Jr. s total in the above table.

(10)

The total percentage of ownership for all Directors and Executive Officers includes all options exercisable within 60 days of May 1, 2016.

138 

Table of Contents 

Persons known to Trinity to own more than 5% of the outstanding shares

(2)

The Delle Foundation is a non-profit corporation. George A. Cowan, the grantor of the foundation, served as a Director Emeritus to Trinity and the Bank until his death in April 2012. The address of The Delle Foundation is 1200 Trinity Drive, Los Alamos, NM 87544. Ms. Howell serves as Chairman of the Board of The Delle Foundation.

(3)

Jerry Kindsfather, the Kindsfather Family Revocable Trust u/a dated June 16, 2008, J G Investments, the Gary E. and Linda D. Kindsfather Trust u/a dated July 5, 2007 and Gary and Linda Kindsfather collectively hold 5.73% of the outstanding shares of Trinity. Mr. Kindsfather holds 6,500 shares and 100,268 shares in the Kindsfather Family Revocable Trust. J G Investments holds 259,184 shares.  The Gary E. and Linda D. Kindsfather Trust holds 8,000 shares. Jerry Kindsfather serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of both Trinity and the Bank.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.

Trinity s current stock-based benefit plans and arrangements consist of the 1998 Stock Option Plan which was approved by stockholders at the 1998 Annual Meeting, the Trinity Capital Corporation 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  2005 Plan ), which was approved by stockholders at the 2005 Annual Shareholders  Meeting and the Trinity Capital Corporation 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ), which was approved by stockholders at the 2014 Annual Shareholders  Meeting held on January 22, 2015.  The following table provides information regarding the Plans as of December 31, 2015:

Plan category

Number of securities 

to be issued upon 

exercise of 

outstanding options, 

warrants and rights 

(1) (a)

Weighted-average 

exercise price of 

outstanding 

options, warrants 

and rights (b)

Number of securities remaining 

available for future issuance 

under equity compensation 

plans (excluding securities 

reflected in column (a)) (c)

Equity compensation plans approved by  stockholders

11,765

$

4.25

500,000

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders

Total

11,765

$

4.25

500,000

(2)

(1)

As of December 31, 2015, there were 11,765 outstanding RSUs under the Company s equity compensation plans.  The exercise price in column (b) is for the outstanding RSUs.

139 

Table of Contents 

Item 13.   

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.  Trinity s written Related Party Transaction Policy provides that all relationships between Trinity and any director, executive officer or an entity related to a director or executive officer, will be reviewed, approved or ratified by the Audit Committee, excluding loan transactions falling within the ordinary course of business with the Bank. All transactions will be reviewed, regardless of type, when the transaction is anticipated to or actually meets or exceeds $120,000 in compensation to the director, executive officer or an entity related to a director or executive officer. The review will include the details of the relationship, including the nature of the relationship, the anticipated amount of compensation to be paid under the transaction, and, if possible, a comparison of market rates for similar products or services. The Audit Committee will consider the proposed relationship and either approve or deny the engagement. Additionally, the relationships with directors and their related entities will be reviewed each year as part of the determination of independence of each director and nominee. In the event that a relationship is entered into without prior approval of the Audit Committee, it will be provided with detailed information regarding the relationship for ratification. If the Audit Committee does not ratify the relationship, Trinity will terminate the relationship. Once a relationship has been created, Trinity will cause a request for proposals to be issued to the director, executive officer or entity related to a director or executive officer not less than every five years. This request will serve to ensure that Trinity is obtaining products and services on terms at least as favorable as if they were from an unrelated third party.

The types of transactions, relationships and arrangements that are considered in determining independence but are not disclosed as a related party transaction include, but are not limited to, borrowing relationships and business relationships. Trinity is a bank holding company that controls the Bank, a national bank. The Bank commonly enters into customary loan, deposit and associated relationships with its directors and executive officers, all of which are made in the ordinary course of business, on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons and did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features. All loans by the Bank to Trinity s directors and executive officers are subject to the regulations of the OCC. National banks are generally prohibited from making loans to their directors and executive officers at favorable rates or on terms not comparable to those available to the general public or other employees. The Bank does not offer any preferential loans to Trinity s directors or executive officers.

140 

Table of Contents 

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The Board selected Crowe as the independent registered public accounting firm of Trinity and the Bank for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.

Audit and Other Fees Paid.   Aggregate fees for professional services rendered for Trinity and the Bank by Crowe for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, including the restated periods, are described below.

Fees Paid.   For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company paid a total of $958 thousand to Crowe Horwath for audit work related to the 2014 financial statements.

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.    The Audit Committee is responsible for appointing and reviewing the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and setting the independent registered public accounting firm s compensation.  In accordance with its charter, the Audit Committee reviews and pre-approves all audit services and permitted non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm to Trinity or the Bank and ensures that the independent public accounting firm is not engaged to perform the specific non-audit services prohibited by law, rule or regulation.  During the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, all services were approved in advance by the Audit Committee in compliance with these processes. The Committee concluded that the provision of such services by Crowe and Moss Adams was compatible with the maintenance of each firm s independence in the conduct of its auditing functions.

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

Financial Statements.   All financial statements of Trinity are set forth under Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Financial Statement Schedules.   Financial statement schedules are omitted, as they are not required,  not significant,  not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the accompanying notes thereto.

Exhibits.   The following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

141 

Table of Contents 

3.1 (1)

Articles of Incorporation of Trinity Capital Corporation

3.2 (22)

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Trinity Capital Corporation

3.3 (9)

Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation establishing the Series A  Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock, effective on March 25, 2009

3.4(22)

Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, effective on April 26, 2004

4.1 (1)

Indenture dated as of March 23, 2000 among Trinity Capital Corporation, Trinity Capital Trust I and The Bank of New York

4.3 (6)

Indenture dated as of May 11, 2004 between Trinity Capital Corporation, Trinity Capital Trust III and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association

4.4 (4)

Indenture dated as of June 29, 2005 between Trinity Capital Corporation, Trinity Capital Trust IV and Wilmington Trust Company

4.5 (5)

Indenture dated as of September 21, 2006 between Trinity Capital Corporation, Trinity Capital Trust V and Wilmington Trust Company

10.1 (1)

Los Alamos National Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan

10.2 (1)

Trinity Capital Corporation 1998 Stock Option Plan

10.4 (2)

Form of stock option grant agreement

10.5 (3)

Trinity Capital Corporation 2005 Stock Incentive Plan

10.6 (3)

Trinity Capital Corporation 2005 Deferred Income Plan

142 

Table of Contents 

143 

Table of Contents 

144 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: October 31, 2016

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION

By:

/s/ John S. Gulas

John S. Gulas

Chief Executive Officer and President

145 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name

Title

Date

/s/ John S. Gulas 

Chief Executive Officer, President

October 31, 2016

John S. Gulas

and Director

/s/ Daniel W. Thompson 

Chief Financial Officer

October 31, 2016

Daniel W. Thompson

and Principal Accounting Officer

/s/ Jerry Kindsfather 

Chairman of the Board

October 31, 2016

Jerry Kindsfather

and Director

/s/ Gregg Antonsen 

Director

October 31, 2016

Gregg Antonsen

/s/ James E. Goodwin, Jr. 

Director

October 31, 2016

James E. Goodwin, Jr.

/s/ Jeffrey F. Howell 

Director

October 31, 2016

Jeffrey F. Howell

/s/ Leslie Nathanson Juris 

Director

October 31, 2016

Leslie Nathanson Juris

/s/ Arthur B. Montoya, Jr. 

Director

October 31, 2016

Arthur B. Montoya, Jr.

/s/ Charles A. Slocomb 

Director

October 31, 2016

Charles A. Slocomb

/s/ Robert P. Worcester 

Director

October 31, 2016

Robert P. Worcester

146

<EX-10.22>
 2
 ex10_22.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.22

Exhibit 10.22

Trinity Capital Corporation

2015 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

Article 1

INTRODUCTION 

Section 1.1                   Purpose, Effective Date, and Term   .   The purpose of this  Trinity Capital Corporation   2015   Long-Term Incentive Plan    is to promote the long-term financial success of  Trinity Capital Corporation  and its Subsidiaries by providing a means to attract, retain, and reward individuals who can and do contribute to such success, and to further align their interests with those of the Shareholders.  The   Effective Date   of the Plan is January 22, 2015, the date of the approval of the Plan by the Shareholders.  The Plan shall remain in effect as long as any Awards are outstanding;  provided, however,  that no Awards may be granted after the ten (10)-year anniversary of the Effective Date. 

Section 1.2                    Participation   .   Each employee and director of, and service provider to, the Company and each Subsidiary who is granted, and currently holds, an Award in accordance with the provisions of the Plan shall be a   Participant   in the Plan.  Award recipients shall be limited to employees and directors of, and service providers (with respect to which issuances of securities may be registered under Form S-8) to, the Company and its Subsidiaries;  provided, however,  that an Award (other than an Award of an ISO) may be granted to an individual prior to the date on which he or she first performs services as an employee, director, or service provider,  provided  that such Award shall not become vested prior to the date such individual commences such services. 

Section 1.3                    Definitions   .   Capitalized terms in the Plan shall be defined as set forth in the Plan (including the definition provisions of  Article 8 ). 

Article 2

AWARDS 

Section 2.1                    General   .   Any Award may be granted singularly, in combination with another Award (or Awards), or in tandem whereby the exercise or vesting of one (1) Award held by a Participant cancels another Award held by the Participant.  Each Award shall be subject to the provisions of the Plan and such additional provisions as the Committee may provide with respect to such Award and as may be evidenced in the Award Agreement.  Subject to the provisions of  Section 3.4(b) , an Award may be granted as an alternative to or replacement of an existing Award or an award under any other plan of the Company or a Subsidiary, or as the form of payment for grants or rights earned or due under any other compensation plan or arrangement of the Company or a Subsidiary, including the plan of any entity acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary.  The types of Awards that may be granted include the following: 

(a)                   Stock Options .  A stock option represents the right to purchase Shares at an exercise price established by the Committee.  Any stock option may be either an ISO or a nonqualified stock option that is not intended to be an ISO.  No ISOs may be (i) granted after the ten (10)-year anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) granted to a non-employee.  To the extent the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Shares with respect to which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year under all plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), the stock options or portions thereof that exceed such limit shall be treated as nonqualified stock options.  Unless otherwise specifically provided by the Award Agreement, any stock option granted under the Plan shall be a nonqualified stock option.  All or a portion of any ISO granted under the Plan that does not qualify as an ISO for any reason shall be deemed to be a nonqualified stock option.  In addition, any ISO granted under the Plan may be unilaterally modified by the Committee to disqualify such stock option from ISO treatment such that it shall become a nonqualified stock option. 

(b)                   Stock Appreciation Rights.   A stock appreciation right (an   SAR  ) is a right to receive, in cash, Shares or a combination of both (as shall be reflected in the respective Award Agreement), an amount equal to or based upon the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value at the time of exercise of the SAR over (ii) an exercise price established by the Committee. 

(c)                  Stock Awards.   A stock award is a grant of Shares or a right to receive Shares (or their cash equivalent or a combination of both, as shall be reflected in the respective Award Agreement, excluding Awards designated as stock options, SARs, or cash incentive awards by the Committee) based on the satisfaction of such conditions as may be established by the Committee.  Such Awards may include bonus shares, performance shares, performance units, restricted stock, restricted stock units, or any other equity-based Award as determined by the Committee. 

(d)                  Cash Incentive Awards .  A cash incentive award is the grant of a right to receive a payment of cash (or Stock having a value equivalent to the cash otherwise payable, excluding Awards designated as stock options, SARs, or stock awards by the Committee, all as shall be reflected in the respective Award Agreement), determined on an individual basis or as an allocation of an incentive pool that is contingent on the achievement of performance objectives established by the Committee. 

Section 2.2                  Exercise of Stock Options and SARs   .   A stock option or SAR shall be exercisable in accordance with such provisions as may be established by the Committee;  provided ,  however , that a stock option or SAR shall expire no later than ten (10) years after its grant date (five (5) years in the case of an ISO with respect to a 10% Shareholder).  The exercise price of each stock option and SAR shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value on the grant date (or, if greater, the par value of a Share);  provided ,  however , that the exercise price of an ISO shall be not less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of Fair Market Value on the grant date in the case of a 10% Shareholder; and  provided ,  further , that, to the extent permitted under Code Section 409A, and subject to  Section 3.4(b) , the exercise price may be higher or lower in the case of stock options and SARs granted in replacement of existing awards held by an employee, director, or service provider granted by an acquired entity.  The payment of the exercise price of a stock option shall be by cash or, subject to limitations imposed by applicable law, by any of the following means unless otherwise determined by the Committee from time to time:  (a) by tendering, either actually or by attestation, Shares acceptable to the Committee and valued at Fair Market Value as of the day of exercise; (b) by irrevocably authorizing a third party, acceptable to the Committee, to sell Shares acquired upon exercise of the stock option and to remit to the Company no later than the third (3rd) business day following exercise a sufficient portion of the sale proceeds to pay the entire exercise price and any tax withholding resulting from such exercise; (c) by payment through a net exercise such that, without the payment of any funds, the Participant may exercise the option and receive the net number of Shares equal in value to (i) the number of Shares as to which the option is being exercised, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Fair Market Value (on the date of exercise) less the exercise price, and the denominator of which is such Fair Market Value (the number of net Shares to be received shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares); (d) by personal, certified, or cashiers  check; (e) by other property deemed acceptable by the Committee; or (f) by any combination thereof. 

Section 2.3                   Performance-Based Compensation   .   Any Award that is intended to be Performance-Based Compensation shall be conditioned on the achievement of one (1) or more objective performance measures, to the extent required by Code Section 162(m), as may be determined by the Committee.  The grant of any Award and the establishment of performance measures that are intended to be Performance-Based Compensation shall occur during the period required under Code Section 162(m). 

(a)                   Performance Measures.   The performance measures described in this  Section 2.3  may be based on any one (1) or more of the following: earnings ( e.g.,  earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization; and earnings per share; each as may be defined by the Committee); financial return ratios ( e.g.,  return on investment; return on invested capital; return on equity; and return on assets; each as may be defined by the Committee);  Texas ratio  expense ratio; efficiency ratio; increase in revenue, operating, or net cash flows; cash flow return on investment; total shareholder return; market share; net operating income, operating income, or net income; debt load reduction; loan and lease losses; expense management; economic value added; stock price; book value; overhead; assets; asset quality level; assets per employee; charge offs; loan loss reserves; loans; deposits; nonperforming assets; growth of loans, deposits, or assets; interest sensitivity gap levels; regulatory compliance; improvement of financial rating; achievement of balance sheet or income statement objectives; improvements in capital structure; profitability; profit margins; budget comparisons or strategic business objectives, consisting of one (1) or more objectives based on meeting specific cost targets, business expansion goals, and goals relating to acquisitions or divestitures.  Performance measures may be based on the performance of the Company as a whole or of any one (1) or more Subsidiaries, business units, or financial reporting segments of the Company or a Subsidiary, or any combination thereof, and may be measured relative to a peer group, an index, or a business plan. 

(b)                  Partial Achievement.   An Award may provide that partial achievement of the performance measures may result in payment or vesting based upon the degree of achievement.  In addition, partial achievement of performance measures shall apply toward a Participant s individual limitations as set forth in  Section 3.3 . 

(c)                   Extraordinary Items.   In establishing any performance measures, the Committee may provide for the exclusion of the effects of the following items, to the extent identified in the audited financial statements of the Company, including footnotes, or in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section of the Company s annual report:  (i) extraordinary, unusual, or nonrecurring items of gain or loss, including non-cash refinancing charges; (ii) gains or losses on the disposition of a business; (iii) changes in tax or accounting principles, regulations, or laws; (iv) mergers or acquisitions; and (v) such other items permitted from time to time hereafter under the regulations promulgated under Code Section 162(m).  To the extent not specifically excluded, such effects shall be included in any applicable performance measure. 

(d)                   Adjustments .  Pursuant to this  Section 2.3 , in certain circumstances the Committee may adjust performance measures;  provided, however,  that no adjustment may be made with respect to an Award that is intended to be Performance-Based Compensation, except to the extent the Committee exercises such negative discretion as is permitted under Code Section 162(m).  If the Committee determines that a change in the business, operations, corporate structure, or capital structure of the Company or the manner in which the Company or a Subsidiary conducts its business or other events or circumstances render current performance measures to be unsuitable, the Committee may modify such performance measures, in whole or in part, as the Committee deems appropriate.  If a Participant is promoted, demoted, or transferred to a different business unit during a performance period, the Committee may determine that the selected performance measures or applicable performance period are no longer appropriate, in which case, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may (i) adjust, change, or eliminate the performance measures or change the applicable performance period or (ii) cause to be made a cash payment to the Participant in an amount determined by the Committee. 

Section 2.4                   Dividends and Dividend Equivalents   .   Any Award may provide the Participant with the right to receive dividend payments or dividend equivalent payments with respect to Shares subject to the Award, which payments may be made currently or credited to an account for the Participant, may be settled in cash or Shares, and may be subject to terms or provisions similar to the underlying Award. 

Section 2.5                    Forfeiture of Awards   .   Unless specifically provided to the contrary in an Award Agreement, upon notification of Termination of Service for Cause, any outstanding Award held by a Participant, whether vested or unvested, shall terminate immediately, such Award shall be forfeited, and the Participant shall have no further rights thereunder. 

Section 2.6                    Deferred Compensation   .   The Plan is, and all Awards are, intended to be exempt from (or, in the alternative, to comply with) Code Section 409A, and each shall be construed, interpreted, and administered accordingly.  The Company does not guarantee that any benefits that may be provided under the Plan will satisfy all applicable provisions of Code Section 409A.  If any Award would be considered  deferred compensation  under Code Section 409A, the Committee reserves the absolute right (including the right to delegate such right) to unilaterally amend the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement, without the consent of the Participant, to avoid the application of, or to maintain compliance with, Code Section 409A.  Any amendment by the Committee of the Plan or an Award Agreement pursuant to this  Section 2.6  shall maintain, to the extent practicable, the original intent of the applicable provision without violating Code Section 409A.  A Participant s acceptance of any Award shall be deemed to constitute the Participant s acknowledgment of, and consent to, the rights of the Committee under this  Section 2.6 , without further consideration or action.  Any discretionary authority retained by the Committee pursuant to the terms of the Plan or pursuant to an Award Agreement shall not be applicable to an Award that is determined to constitute deferred compensation, if such discretionary authority would contravene Code Section 409A. 

Article 3

SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN 

Section 3.1                    Available Shares   .   The Shares with respect to which Awards may be granted shall be Shares currently authorized but unissued, currently held, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, subsequently acquired by the Company, including Shares purchased in the open market or in private transactions. 

Section 3.2                    Share Limitations  . 

(a)                   Share Reserve .  Subject to the following provisions of this  Section 3.2 , the maximum number of Shares that may be delivered under the Plan shall be Five Hundred Thousand (500,000) (all of which may be granted as ISOs and all of which may be granted as full value awards).  The maximum number of Shares available for delivery under the Plan (including the number that may be granted as ISOs) and the number of Shares subject to outstanding Awards shall be subject to adjustment as provided in  Section 3.4 .  As of the Effective Date, no further awards shall be granted under the Prior Plan. 

(b)                  Reuse of Shares. 

(i)                 To the extent any Shares covered by an Award under the Plan or the Prior Plan are not delivered to a Participant or beneficiary for any reason, including because the Award is forfeited (including unvested stock awards), canceled, or settled in cash, such Shares shall not be deemed to have been delivered for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares available for delivery under the Plan and shall again become eligible for delivery under the Plan. 

(ii)                With respect to SARs that are settled in Shares, only Shares actually delivered shall be counted for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares available for delivery under the Plan. 

(iii)              If the exercise price of any stock option granted under the Plan is satisfied by tendering Shares to the Company (whether by actual delivery or by attestation and whether or not such surrendered Shares were acquired pursuant to an award) or by the net exercise of the award, only the number of Shares delivered net of the Shares tendered shall be deemed delivered for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares available for delivery under the Plan. 

(iv)              If the withholding tax liabilities arising from an Award are satisfied by the tendering of Shares to the Company (whether by actual delivery or by attestation and whether or not such tendered Shares were acquired pursuant to an award) or by the withholding of or reduction of Shares by the Company, such Shares shall be deemed to have been delivered for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares available for delivery under the Plan. 

Section 3.3                     Limitations on Grants to Individuals   .   The following limitations shall apply with respect to Awards: 

(a)                   Stock Options and SARs.   The maximum number of Shares that may be subject to stock options or SARs granted to any one (1) Participant during any calendar year that are intended to be Performance-Based Compensation, and then only to the extent that such limitation is required by Code Section 162(m), shall be One Hundred Thousand (100,000).  For purposes of this  Section 3.3(a) , if a stock option is granted in tandem with an SAR, such that the exercise of the option or SAR with respect to a Share cancels the tandem SAR or option right, respectively, with respect to such Share, the tandem option and SAR rights with respect to each Share shall be counted as covering one (1) Share for purposes of applying the limitations of this  Section 3.3(a) . 

(b)                   Stock Awards.   The maximum number of Shares that may be subject to stock awards that are granted to any one (1) Participant during any calendar year and are intended to be Performance-Based Compensation, and then only to the extent that such limitation is required by Code Section 162(m), shall be One Hundred Thousand (100,000). 

(c)                  Cash Incentive Awards and Stock Awards Settled in Cash.   The maximum dollar amount that may be payable to any one (1) Participant pursuant to cash incentive awards and cash-settled stock awards that are granted to any one (1) Participant during any calendar year and are intended to be Performance-Based Compensation, and then only to the extent that such limitation is required by Code Section 162(m), shall be One Million Dollars ($1,000,000). 

(d)                  Dividends, Dividend Equivalents and Earnings.   For purposes of determining whether an Award is intended to be qualified as Performance-Based Compensation under the foregoing limitations of this  Section 3.3 , (i) the right to receive dividends and dividend equivalents with respect to any Award that is not yet vested shall be treated as a separate Award, and (ii) if the delivery of any Shares or cash under an Award is deferred, any earnings, including dividends and dividend equivalents, shall be disregarded. 

(e)                   Partial Performance .  Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this  Section 3.3 , if in respect of any performance period or restriction period, the Committee grants to a Participant Awards having an aggregate dollar value and/or number of Shares less than the maximum dollar value and/or number of Shares that could be paid or awarded to such Participant based on the degree to which the relevant performance measures were attained, the excess of such maximum dollar value and/or number of Shares over the aggregate dollar value and/or number of Shares actually subject to Awards granted to such Participant shall be carried forward and shall increase the maximum dollar value and/or the number of Shares that may be awarded to such Participant in respect of the next performance period or restriction period in respect of which the Committee grants to such Participant an Award intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, subject to adjustment pursuant to  Section 3.4 . 

(f)                    Director Awards . 

(i)                 The maximum number of Shares that may be subject to stock options or SARs granted to any one (1) Director Participant during any calendar year shall be Fifty Thousand (50,000). 

(ii)               The maximum number of Shares that may be subject to stock awards that are granted to any one (1) Director Participant during any calendar year shall be Fifty Thousand (50,000). 

(iii)              The foregoing limitations shall not apply to cash-based director fees that the Director elects to receive in the form of Shares or Share based units equal in value to the cash based director fee. 

Section 3.4                    Corporate Transactions; No Repricing  . 

(a)                   Adjustments .  To the extent permitted under Code Section 409A, to the extent applicable, in the event of a corporate transaction involving the Company or the Shares (including any stock dividend, stock split, extraordinary cash dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, or exchange of shares), all outstanding Awards, the number of Shares available for delivery under the Plan under  Section 3.2 , and each of the specified limitations set forth in  Section 3.3  shall be adjusted automatically to proportionately and uniformly reflect such transaction (but only to the extent that such adjustment will not negatively affect the status of an Award intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, if applicable);  provided, however,  that, subject to  Section 3.4(b) , the Committee may otherwise adjust Awards (or prevent such automatic adjustment) as it deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to preserve the benefits or potential benefits of the Awards and the Plan.  Action by the Committee under this  Section 3.4(a)  may include: (i) adjustment of the number and kind of shares that may be delivered under the Plan; (ii) adjustment of the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards; (iii) adjustment of the exercise price of outstanding stock options and SARs; and (iv) any other adjustments that the Committee determines to be equitable (which may include (A) replacement of an Award with another award that the Committee determines has comparable value and that is based on stock of a company resulting from a corporate transaction, and (B) cancellation of an Award in return for cash payment of the current value of the Award, determined as though the Award were fully vested at the time of payment,  provided  that in the case of a stock option or SAR, the amount of such payment shall be the excess of the value of the stock subject to the option or SAR at the time of the transaction over the exercise price, and  provided ,  further , that no such payment shall be required in consideration for the cancellation of the Award if the exercise price is greater than the value of the stock at the time of such corporate transaction). 

(b)                   No Repricing .  Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, no adjustment or reduction of the exercise price of any outstanding stock option or SAR in the event of a decline in Stock price shall be permitted without approval by the Shareholders or as otherwise expressly provided under  Section 3.4(a) .  The foregoing prohibition includes (i) reducing the exercise price of outstanding stock options or SARs, (ii) cancelling outstanding stock options or SARs in connection with the granting of stock options or SARs with a lower exercise price to the same individual, (iii) cancelling stock options or SARs with an exercise price in excess of the current Fair Market Value in exchange for a cash or other payment, and (iv) taking any other action that would be treated as a repricing of a stock option or SAR under the rules of the primary securities exchange or similar entity on which the Shares are listed. 

Section 3.5                     Delivery of Shares   .   Delivery of Shares or other amounts under the Plan shall be subject to the following: 

(a)                  Compliance with Applicable Laws.   Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver any Shares or make any other distribution of benefits under the Plan unless such delivery or distribution complies with all applicable laws and the applicable requirements of any securities exchange or similar entity. 

(b)                  No Certificates Required.   To the extent that the Plan provides for the delivery of Shares, the delivery may be effected on a non-certificated basis, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any securities exchange or similar entity. 

Article 4

CHANGE IN CONTROL 

Section 4.1                    Consequence of a Change in Control  .  Subject to the provisions of  Section 3.4  (relating to the adjustment of shares), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, at the time of a Change in Control: 

(a)                 Subject to any forfeiture and expiration provisions otherwise applicable to the respective Awards, all stock options and SARs under the Plan then held by the Participant shall become fully exercisable immediately if, and all stock awards and cash incentive awards under the Plan then held by the Participant shall become fully earned and vested immediately if, 

(i)                 The Plan and the respective Award Agreements are not the obligations of the successor entity (whether the Company, a successor thereto, or an assignee thereof); or 

(ii)                The Plan and the respective Award Agreements are the obligations of the successor entity (whether the Company, a successor thereto, or an assignee thereof) and the Participant incurs a Termination of Service without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason within twenty-four (24) months following such Change in Control. 

(b)                  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this  Section 4.1 , if the vesting of an outstanding Award is conditioned upon the achievement of performance measures, then such vesting shall be subject to the following: 

(i)                 If, at the time of the Change in Control, the established performance measures are less than fifty percent (50%) attained (as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, but in any event, based pro rata in accordance with time lapsed through the date of the Change in Control in the event of any period-based performance measures), then such Award shall become vested and exercisable on a fractional basis with the numerator being equal to the percentage of attainment and the denominator being fifty percent (50%) upon the Change in Control. 

(ii)                If, at the time of the Change in Control, the established performance measures are at least fifty percent (50%) attained (as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, but in any event based pro rata in accordance with time lapsed through the date of the Change in Control in the event of any period-based performance measures), then such Award shall become fully earned and vested immediately upon the Change in Control. 

Section 4.2                     Definition of Change in Control   .       Change in Control   means the first to occur of the following: 

(a)                 The acquisition in one (1) or more transactions by any  person  (for purposes of this definition, as such term is used for purposes of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) of  beneficial ownership  (for purposes of this definition, within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding Voting Securities;  provided ,  however , that for purposes of this definition, the Voting Securities acquired directly from the Company by any person shall be excluded from the determination of such person s beneficial ownership of Voting Securities (but such Voting Securities shall be included in the calculation of the total number of Voting Securities then outstanding); or 

(b)                 During any twelve (12)-month period, the individuals who are members of the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute more than fifty percent (50%) of the Board;  provided ,  however , that if the election, or nomination for election by the Shareholders, of any new director was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Incumbent Board, such new director shall, for purposes of the Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a person other than the Board; or 

(c)                  The consummation of a merger or consolidation involving the Company if the Shareholders immediately before such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly immediately following such merger or consolidation, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the corporation resulting from such merger or consolidation in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Voting Securities immediately before such merger or consolidation; or 

(d)                 The consummation of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or an agreement for the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or 

(e)                 Acceptance by the Shareholders of shares in a share exchange if the Shareholders immediately before such share exchange do not own, directly or indirectly immediately following such share exchange, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the corporation resulting from such share exchange in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Voting Securities outstanding immediately before such share exchange. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur solely because fifty percent (50%) or more of the then outstanding Voting Securities is acquired by (i) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under one (1) or more employee benefit plans maintained by the Company or any Subsidiary, or (ii) any corporation that, immediately prior to such acquisition, is owned directly or indirectly by the Shareholders in the same proportion as their ownership of stock in the Company immediately prior to such acquisition.

Moreover, notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur solely because any person (the   Subject Person  ) acquires beneficial ownership of more than the permitted amount of the outstanding Voting Securities as a result of the acquisition of Voting Securities by the Company that, by reducing the number of Voting Securities outstanding, increases the proportional number of shares beneficially owned by the Subject Person,  provided  that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of Voting Securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition by the Company, the Subject Person becomes the beneficial owner of any additional Voting Securities that increases the percentage of the then outstanding Voting Securities beneficially owned by the Subject Person, then a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred.

Notwithstanding anything in this Change in Control definition to the contrary, in the event that any amount or benefit under the Plan constitutes deferred compensation and the settlement of or distribution of such amount or benefit is to be triggered by a Change in Control, then such settlement or distribution shall be subject to the event constituting the Change in Control also constituting a  change in control event  (as defined in Code Section 409A).

Article 5

COMMITTEE 

Section 5.1                    Administration   .   The authority to control and manage the operation and administration of the Plan shall be vested in the Committee in accordance with this  Article 5 .  The Committee shall be selected by the Board,  provided  that the Committee shall consist of two (2) or more members of the Board, each of whom is a  non-employee director  (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), an  outside director  (within the meaning of Code Section 162(m)) and an  independent director  (within the meaning of the rules of the securities exchange that then constitutes the principal listing for the Stock).  Subject to the applicable rules of any securities exchange or similar entity, if the Committee does not exist, or for any other reason determined by the Board, the Board may take any action under the Plan that would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee. 

Section 5.2                    Powers of Committee   .   The Committee s administration of the Plan shall be subject to the other provisions of the Plan and the following: 

(a)                  The Committee shall have the authority and discretion to select from among the Company s and the Subsidiary s employees, directors, and service providers those persons who shall receive Awards, to determine the time or times of receipt, to determine the types of Awards and the number of Shares covered by the Awards, to establish the terms of Awards, to cancel or suspend Awards, and to reduce or eliminate any restrictions or vesting requirements applicable to an Award at any time after the grant of the Award. 

(b)                  In the event that the Committee determines that it is advisable to grant Awards that do not qualify for the exception for Performance-Based Compensation from the tax deductibility limitations of Code Section 162(m), the Committee may grant such Awards without satisfying the requirements of Code Section 162(m). 

(c)                 The Committee shall have the authority and discretion to interpret the Plan, to establish, amend, and rescind any rules and regulations relating to the Plan, and to make all other determinations that may be necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. 

(d)                  The Committee shall have the authority to define terms not otherwise defined in the Plan. 

(e)                  Any interpretation of the Plan by the Committee and any decision made by it under the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons. 

(f)                  In controlling and managing the operation and administration of the Plan, the Committee shall take action in a manner that conforms to the articles and bylaws of the Company and to all applicable law. 

Section 5.3                   Delegation by Committee   .   Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, the applicable rules of any securities exchange or similar entity, the Plan, or the charter of the Committee, or as necessary to comply with the exemptive provisions of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or of Code Section 162(m), the Committee may allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers under the Plan to any one (1) or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers under the Plan to any person or persons selected by it.  The acts of such delegates shall be treated under the Plan as acts of the Committee and such delegates shall report regularly to the Committee regarding the delegated duties and responsibilities and any Awards granted.  Any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any time. 

Section 5.4                    Information to be Furnished to Committee   .   As may be permitted by applicable law, the Company and each Subsidiary shall furnish the Committee with such data and information as it determines may be required for it to discharge its duties under the Plan.  The records of the Company and each Subsidiary as to an employee s or Participant s employment, termination of employment, leave of absence, reemployment, and compensation shall be conclusive with respect to all persons unless determined by the Committee to be manifestly incorrect.  Subject to applicable law, Participants and other persons entitled to benefits under the Plan shall furnish the Committee such evidence, data, or information as the Committee considers desirable to carry out the terms of the Plan. 

Section 5.5                     Expenses and Liabilities   .   All expenses and liabilities incurred by the Committee in the administration and interpretation of the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be borne by the Company.  The Committee may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, or other persons in connection with the administration and interpretation of the Plan, and the Company, and its officers and directors, shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions, and valuations of any such persons. 

Article 6

AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

Section 6.1                     General   .   The Board may, as permitted by law, at any time, amend or terminate the Plan, and may amend any Award Agreement;  provided ,  however , that no amendment or termination may (except as provided in  Section 2.6 ,  Section 3.4 , and  Section 6.2 ), in the absence of written consent to the change by the affected Participant (or, if the Participant is not then living, the affected beneficiary), impair the rights of any Participant or beneficiary under any Award granted prior to the date such amendment or termination is adopted by the Board; and  provided, further , that no amendment may (a) materially increase the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (b) materially increase the aggregate number of securities that may be delivered under the Plan other than pursuant to  Section 3.4 , or (c) materially modify the requirements for participation in the Plan, unless the amendment under (a), (b) or (c) immediately above is approved by the Shareholders. 

Section 6.2                    Amendment to Conform to Law   .   Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, the Committee may amend the Plan or any Award Agreement, to take effect retroactively or otherwise, as deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of conforming the Plan or the Award Agreement to any applicable law.  By accepting an Award, the Participant shall be deemed to have acknowledged and consented to any amendment to an Award made pursuant to this  Section 6.2 ,  Section 2.6 , or  Section 3.4 , without further consideration or action. 

Article 7

GENERAL TERMS 

Section 7.1                    No Implied Rights  . 

(a)                   No Rights to Specific Assets.   No person shall by reason of participation in the Plan acquire any right in or title to any assets, funds, or property of the Company or any Subsidiary, including any specific funds, assets, or other property that the Company or a Subsidiary, in its sole discretion, may set aside in anticipation of a liability under the Plan.  A Participant shall have only a contractual right to the Shares or amounts, if any, distributable in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, unsecured by any assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, and nothing contained in the Plan or an Award Agreement shall constitute a guarantee that the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary shall be sufficient to provide any benefits to any person. 

(b)                   No Contractual Right to Employment or Future Awards.   The Plan does not constitute a contract of employment, and selection as a Participant shall not give any person the right to be retained in the service of the Company or a Subsidiary or any right or claim to any benefit under the Plan, unless such right or claim has specifically accrued under the Plan.  No individual shall have the right to be selected to receive an Award, or, having been so selected, to receive a future Award. 

(c)                   No Rights as a Shareholder .  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, no Award shall confer upon the holder thereof any rights as a Shareholder prior to the date on which the individual fulfills all conditions for receipt of such rights. 

Section 7.2                    Transferability   .   Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, Awards are not transferable except as designated by the Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order.  The Committee shall have the discretion to permit the transfer of Awards;  provided, however,  that such transfers shall be limited to immediate family members of Participants, trusts, partnerships, limited liability companies, and other entities that are permitted to exercise rights under Awards in accordance with Form S-8 established for the primary benefit of such family members; and  provided, further,  that such transfers shall not be made for value to the Participant. 

Section 7.3                    Designation of     Beneficiaries   .   A Participant hereunder may file with the Company a designation of a beneficiary or beneficiaries under the Plan and may from time to time revoke or amend any such designation.  Any designation of beneficiary under the Plan shall be controlling over any other disposition, testamentary or otherwise;  provided, however,  that if the Committee is in doubt as to the entitlement of any such beneficiary to any Award, the Committee may determine to recognize only the legal representative of the Participant in which case the Company, the Committee, and the members thereof shall not have any further liability to anyone. 

Section 7.4                    Non-Exclusivity   .   Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor the submission of the Plan to the Shareholders for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board or the Committee to adopt such other incentive arrangements as either may deem desirable, including the granting of restricted stock, stock options, or other equity awards otherwise than under the Plan or an arrangement that is or is not intended to qualify under Code Section 162(m), and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 

Section 7.5                     Award Agreement   .   Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement.  A copy of the Award Agreement, in any medium chosen by the Committee, shall be made available to the Participant, and the Committee may require that the Participant sign a copy of the Award Agreement. 

Section 7.6                     Form and Time of Elections   .   Unless otherwise specified in the Plan, each election required or permitted to be made by any Participant or other person entitled to benefits under the Plan, and any permitted modification, or revocation thereof, shall be filed with the Company at such times, in such form, and subject to such terms or conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee may require. 

Section 7.7                    Evidence   .   Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by certificate, affidavit, document, or other information that the person acting on it considers pertinent and reliable, and signed, made, or presented by the proper party or parties. 

Section 7.8                     Tax Withholding   .   All distributions under the Plan shall be subject to withholding of all applicable taxes and the Committee may condition the delivery of any Shares or other benefits under the Plan on satisfaction of the applicable withholding obligations.  Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, such withholding obligations may be satisfied (a) through cash payment by the Participant; (b) through the surrender of Shares that the Participant already owns, or (c) through the surrender of Shares to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the Plan;  provided, however,  that except as otherwise specifically provided by the Committee, such Shares under clause (c) may not be used to satisfy more than the Company s minimum statutory withholding obligation. 

Section 7.9                   Successors   .   All obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor to the Company. 

Section 7.10                 Indemnification   .  To the fullest extent permitted by law, each person who is or shall have been a member of the Committee or the Board, or an officer of the Company to whom authority was delegated in accordance with  Section 5.3 , or an employee of the Company shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss (including amounts paid in settlement), cost, liability, or expense (including reasonable attorneys  fees) that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan, and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company s approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit, or proceeding against him or her ( provided  that he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf), unless such loss, cost, liability, or expense is a result of his or her own willful misconduct or except as expressly provided by statute.  The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company s charter or bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. 

Section 7.11                 No Fractional Shares   .   Unless otherwise permitted by the Committee, no fractional Shares shall be delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award.  The Committee shall determine whether cash, Shares, or other property shall be delivered or paid in lieu of fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated. 

Section 7.12                 Governing Law   .   The Plan, all Awards, and all actions taken in connection herewith and therewith shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Mexico without reference to principles of conflict of laws, except as superseded by applicable federal law. 

Section 7.13                 Benefits under Other Plans   .   Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, Awards granted to a Participant (including the grant and the receipt of benefits) shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the Participant s benefits under, or contributions to, any qualified retirement plan, nonqualified plan, and any other benefit plan maintained by the Participant s employer. 

Section 7.14                 Validity   .   If any provision of the Plan is determined to be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been included in the Plan. 

Section 7.15                 Notice   .   Unless provided otherwise in an Award Agreement or policy adopted from time to time by the Committee, all communications to the Company provided for in the Plan, or any Award Agreement, shall be delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid   ( provided  that international mail shall be sent via overnight or two (2)-day delivery)   or by prepaid overnight courier to the Company at the address set forth below: 

Trinity Capital Corporation

Attention: Corporate Secretary

1200 Trinity Drive

Los Alamos, New Mexico  87544

Such communications shall be deemed given:

(a)                  In the case of delivery by overnight service with guaranteed next day delivery, the next day or the day designated for delivery; and 

(b)                  In the case of certified or registered U.S. mail, five (5) days after deposit in the U.S. mail; 

provided, however,  that in no event shall any communication be deemed to be given later than the date it is actually received,  provided  it is actually received.  In the event a communication is not received, it shall be deemed received only upon the showing of an original of the applicable receipt, registration, or confirmation from the applicable delivery service provider.  Communications that are to be delivered by U.S. mail or by overnight service to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Company s senior human resources officer and corporate secretary.

Section 7.16               Clawback Policy   .   Any Award, amount, or benefit received under the Plan shall be subject to potential cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback, or other similar action in accordance with any applicable Company clawback policy (the   Policy  ) or any applicable law.  A Participant s receipt of an Award shall be deemed to constitute the Participant s acknowledgment of and consent to the Company s application, implementation, and enforcement of (i) the Policy and any similar policy established by the Company, whether adopted prior to or following the making of any Award and (ii) any provision of applicable law relating to cancellation, rescission, payback, or recoupment of compensation, as well as the Participant s express agreement that the Company may take such actions as are necessary to effectuate the Policy, any similar policy, and applicable law, without further consideration or action. 

Section 7.17                Breach of Restrictive Covenants   .   Except as otherwise provided by the Committee, notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, if the Participant breaches a non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure, non-disparagement, or other restrictive covenant set forth in an Award Agreement or any other agreement between the Participant and the Company or a Subsidiary, whether during or after the Participant s Termination of Service, in addition to any other penalties or restrictions that may apply under any such agreement, state law, or otherwise, the Participant shall forfeit or pay to the Company: 

(a)                 Any and all outstanding Awards granted to the Participant, including Awards that have become vested or exercisable; 

(b)                 Any Shares held by the Participant in connection with the Plan that were acquired by the Participant after the Participant s Termination of Service and within the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s Termination of Service; 

(c)                  The profit realized by the Participant from the exercise of any stock options and SARs that the Participant exercised after the Participant s Termination of Service and within the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s Termination of Service, which profit is the difference between the exercise price of the stock option or SAR and the Fair Market Value of any Shares or cash acquired by the Participant upon exercise of such stock option or SAR; and 

(d)                  The profit realized by the Participant from the sale, or other disposition for consideration, of any Shares received by the Participant in connection with the Plan after the Participant s Termination of Service, and within the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the Participant s Termination of Service where such sale or disposition occurs in such similar time period. 

Article 8

DEFINED TERMS; CONSTRUCTION 

Section 8.1                  In addition to the other definitions contained in the Plan, unless otherwise specifically provided in an Award Agreement, the following definitions shall apply: 

(a)                    10% Shareholder   means an individual who, at the time of grant, owns Voting Securities possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of the Voting Securities. 

(b)                    Award   means an award under the Plan. 

(c)                    Award Agreement   means the document that evidences the terms and conditions of an Award.  Such document shall be referred to as an agreement regardless of whether a Participant s signature is required. 

(d)                    Board   means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(e)                  If the Participant is subject to an employment agreement (or other similar agreement) with the Company or a Subsidiary that provides a definition of termination for  cause  (or the like), then, for purposes of the Plan, the term   Cause   has the meaning set forth in such agreement; and in the absence of such a definition,   Cause   means (i) any act by the Participant of (A) fraud or intentional misrepresentation or (B) embezzlement, misappropriation, or conversion of assets or opportunities of the Company or a Subsidiary, (ii) willful violation of any law, rule, or regulation in connection with the performance of a Participant s duties to the Company or a Subsidiary (other than traffic violations or similar offenses), (iii) the willful or negligent failure of the Participant to perform the Participant s duties to the Company or a Subsidiary in any material respect, (iv) the Participant s conviction of, or plea of  nolo contendere  to, a crime of embezzlement or fraud or any felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, (v) the Participant s breach of fiduciary responsibility, (vi) an act of dishonesty by the Participant that is materially injurious to the Company or a Subsidiary, (vii) the Participant s engagement in one (1) or more unsafe or unsound banking practices that have a material adverse effect on the Company or a Subsidiary, (viii) the Participant s removal or permanent suspension from banking pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or any other applicable state or federal law, (ix) an act or omission by the Participant that leads to a material harm (financial or reputational) to the Company or a Subsidiary in the community, or (x) a material breach by the Participant of Company policies as may be in effect from time to time. 

Further, the Participant shall be deemed to have terminated for Cause if, after the Participant s Termination of Service, facts and circumstances arising during the course of the Participant s employment with the Company are discovered that would have constituted a termination for Cause.

Further, all rights a Participant has or may have under the Plan shall be suspended automatically during the pendency of any investigation by the Board or its designee or during any negotiations between the Board or its designee and the Participant regarding any actual or alleged act or omission by the Participant of the type described in the applicable definition of  Cause. 

(f)                     Change in Control   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.2 . 

(g)                    Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 

(h)                    Committee   means the Committee acting under  Article 5 , and in the event a Committee is not currently appointed, the Board. 

(i)                     Company   means Trinity Capital Corporation, a State of New Mexico corporation. 

(j)                     Director Participant   means a Participant who is a member of the Board or the board of directors of a Subsidiary. 

(k)                  Disability   means the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident or health plan covering the Company s or a Subsidiary s employees. 

(l)                  Effective Date   has the meaning set forth in  Section 1.1 . 

(m)                  Exchange Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

(n)                   Fair Market Value   means, as of any date, the officially-quoted closing selling price of the Shares on such date on the principal national securities exchange on which Shares are listed or admitted to trading or, if there have been no sales with respect to Shares on such date, such price on the most immediately preceding date on which there have been such sales, or if the Shares are not so listed or admitted to trading, the Fair Market Value shall be the value established by the Committee in good faith and, to the extent required, in accordance with Code Sections 422 and 409A. 

(o)                    Form S-8   means a Registration Statement on Form S-8 promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(p)                  If the Participant is subject to an employment agreement (or other similar agreement) with the Company or a Subsidiary that provides a definition of termination for  good reason  (or the like), then, for purposes of the Plan, the term   Good Reason   has the meaning set forth in such agreement; and in the absence of such a definition,   Good Reason   means the occurrence of any one (1) of the following events, unless the Participant agrees in writing that such event shall not constitute Good Reason: 

(i)                 A material, adverse change in the nature, scope, or status of the Participant s position, authorities, or duties from those in effect immediately prior to the applicable Change in Control; 

(ii)               A material reduction in the Participant s aggregate compensation or benefits in effect immediately prior to the applicable Change in Control; or 

(iii)              Relocation of the Participant s primary place of employment of more than thirty-five (35) miles from the Participant s primary place of employment immediately prior to the applicable Change in Control, or a requirement that the Participant engage in travel that is materially greater than prior to the applicable Change in Control. 

Notwithstanding any provision of this definition to the contrary, prior to the Participant s Termination of Service for Good Reason, the Participant must give the Company written notice of the existence of any condition set forth in clause (i)   (iii) immediately above within ninety (90) days of its initial existence and the Company shall have thirty (30) days from the date of such notice in which to cure the condition giving rise to Good Reason, if curable.  If, during such thirty (30)-day period, the Company cures the condition giving rise to Good Reason, the condition shall not constitute Good Reason.  Further notwithstanding any provision of this definition to the contrary, in order to constitute a termination for Good Reason, such termination must occur within twelve (12) months of the initial existence of the applicable condition.

(q)                    Incumbent Board   means the members of the Board as of the Effective Date. 

(r)                    ISO   means a stock option that is intended to satisfy the requirements applicable to an  incentive stock option  described in Code Section 422(b). 

(s)                    Participant   has the meaning set forth in  Section 1.2 . 

(t)                     Performance-Based Compensation   has the meaning set forth in Code Section 162(m). 

(u)                    Plan   means the Trinity Capital Corporation 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 

(v)                    Policy   has the meaning set forth in  Section 7.16 . 

(w)                   Prior Plan   means the Trinity Capital Corporation 2005 Stock Incentive Plan. 

(x)                    SAR   has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.1(b) . 

(y)                    Securities Act   means the Securities Act of 1933. 

(z)                    Share   means a share of Stock. 

(aa)                 Shareholders   means the shareholders of the Company. 

(bb)                 Stock   means the common stock of the Company, no par value per share. 

(cc)                 Subject Person   has the meaning set forth in  Section 4.2(e) . 

(dd)                 Subsidiary   means any corporation or other entity that would be a  subsidiary corporation  (as defined in Code Section 424(f)) with respect to the Company. 

(ee)                 Termination of Service   means the first day occurring on or after a grant date on which the Participant ceases to be an employee and director of, and service provider to, the Company and each Subsidiary, regardless of the reason for such cessation, subject to the following: 

(i)                 The Participant s cessation as an employee or service provider shall not be deemed to occur by reason of the Participant s being on a leave of absence from the Company or a Subsidiary approved by the Company or Subsidiary otherwise receiving the Participant s services. 

(ii)                If, as a result of a sale or other transaction, the Subsidiary for whom the Participant is employed (or to whom the Participant is providing services) ceases to be a Subsidiary, and the Participant is not, following the transaction, an employee or director of, or service provider to, the Company or an entity that is then a Subsidiary, then the occurrence of such transaction shall be treated as the Participant s Termination of Service caused by the Participant being discharged by the entity for whom the Participant is employed or to whom the Participant is providing services. 

(iii)              A service provider, other than an employee or director, whose services to the Company or a Subsidiary are governed by a written agreement with such service provider shall cease to be a service provider at the time the provision of service under such written agreement ends (without renewal); and such a service provider whose services to the Company or a Subsidiary are not governed by a written agreement with the service provider shall cease to be a service provider on the date that is ninety (90) days after the date the service provider last provides services requested by the Company or a Subsidiary. 

(iv)              Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any Award constitutes deferred compensation, the term Termination of Service shall be interpreted by the Committee in a manner consistent with the definition of  separation from service  (as defined in Code Section 409A). 

(ff)                   Voting Securities   means any securities that ordinarily possess the power to vote in the election of directors without the happening of any precondition or contingency. 

Section 8.2                   In the Plan, unless otherwise stated, the following uses apply: 

(a)                  Actions permitted under the Plan may be taken at any time in the actor s reasonable discretion; 

(b)                  References to a statute or law shall refer to the statute or law and any amendments and any successor statutes or laws, and to all regulations promulgated under or implementing the statute or law, as amended, or its successors, as in effect at the relevant time; 

(c)                  In computing periods from a specified date to a later specified date, the words  from  and  commencing on  (and the like) mean  from and including,  and the words  to,   until,  and  ending on  (and the like) mean  to and including  

(d)                  References to a governmental or quasi-governmental agency, authority, or instrumentality shall also refer to a regulatory body that succeeds to the functions of the agency, authority, or instrumentality; 

(e)                  Indications of time of day shall be based upon the time applicable to the location of the principal headquarters of the Company; 

(f)                  The words  include,   includes,  and  including  mean  include, without limitation,   includes, without limitation,  and  including, without limitation,  respectively; 

(g)                 All references to articles and sections are to articles and sections in the Plan; 

(h)                 All words used shall be construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances and context require; 

(i)                   The captions and headings of articles and sections appearing in the Plan have been inserted solely for convenience of reference and shall not be considered a part of the Plan, nor shall any of them affect the meaning or interpretation of the Plan or any of its provisions; 

(j)                   Any reference to an agreement, plan, policy, form, document, or set of documents, and the rights and obligations of the parties under any such agreement, plan, policy, form, document, or set of documents, shall mean such agreement, plan, policy, document, or set of documents as amended from time to time, and any and all modifications, extensions, renewals, substitutions or replacements thereof; and 

(k)                 All accounting terms not specifically defined in the Plan shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 ex10_23.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.23

Exhibit 10.23

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION

EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN AND TRUST

(As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS

ARTICLE II- ADMINISTRATION

TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION

EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN AND TRUST

THIS AGREEMENT  hereby made and entered into this 22 nd  day of June, 2015, by and between Los Alamos National Bank (herein referred to as the "Employer") and Los Alamos National Bank Trust (herein referred to as the "Trustee").

WITNESSETH  : 

WHEREAS,  the Employer heretofore established an Employee Stock Ownership Plan effective January 1, 1989, (hereinafter called the "Effective Date") known as Trinity Capital Corporation Employee  Stock  Ownership  Plan and Trust (herein  referred to  as the "Plan")  in recognition of the contribution  made to its successful operation by its employees  and for the exclusive benefit of its eligible employees; and

WHEREAS,  under the terms of the Plan, the Employer has the ability to amend the Plan, provided the Trustee joins in such amendment if the provisions of the Plan affecting the Trustee are amended; and

WHEREAS,  contributions to the Plan will be made by the Employer and such contributions made to the trust will be invested primarily in the capital stock of the Employer;

NOW, THEREFORE,   effective  January  1,  2009,  except  as  otherwise  provided,  the Employer  and  the  Trustee   in  accordance  with  the   provisions  of  the   Plan  pertaining  to amendments thereof,  hereby amend the Plan in its entirety and restate the  Plan to provide as follows:

ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS

1.1       "Act" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as it may be amended from time to time.

1.2       "Administrator" means the Employer unless another person or entity has been designated by the Employer pursuant to Section 2.2 to administer the Plan on behalf of the Employer.

1.3       "Affiliated Employer" means any corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations (as defined in Code Section 414(b)) which includes the Employer; any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is under common control (as defined in Code Section 414(c)) with the Employer; any organization (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of an affiliated service group (as defined in Code Section 414(m)) which includes the Employer; and any other entity required to be aggregated with the Employer pursuant to Regulations under Code Section 414(o).

1.4       "Aggregate Account" means, with respect to each Participant, the value of all accounts maintained on behalf of a Participant, whether attributable to Employer or Employee contributions, subject to the provisions of Section 10.2.

1.5          "Anniversary Date" means the last day of the Plan Year  .  

1.6         "Beneficiary" means the person (or entity) to whom the share of a deceased Participant's interest in the Plan is payable. 

1.7         "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended or replaced from time to time. 

1.8         "Company Stock" means common stock issued by the Employer (or by a corporation which is a member of the controlled group of corporations of which the Employer is a member) which is readily tradable on an established securities market. If there is no common stock which meets the foregoing requirement, the term "Company Stock" means common stock issued by the Employer (or by a corporation which is a member of the same controlled group) having a combination of voting power and dividend rights equal to or in excess of: (A) that class of common stock of the Employer (or of any other such corporation) having the greatest voting power, and (B) that class of common stock of the Employer (or of any other such corporation) having the greatest dividend rights. Noncallable preferred stock shall be deemed to be "Company Stock" if such stock is convertible at any time into stock which constitutes "Company Stock" hereunder and if such conversion is at a conversion price which (as of the date of the acquisition by the Trust) is reasonable.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, pursuant to Regulations, preferred stock shall be treated as noncallable if after the call there will be a reasonable opportunity for a conversion which meets the requirements of the preceding sentence. 

1.9         "Company Stock Account" means the account of a Participant which is credited with the shares of Company Stock purchased and paid for by the Trust Fund or contributed to the Trust Fund. 

1.10       "Compensation" means, with respect to any Participant and except as otherwise provided herein, such Participant's wages, salaries, fees for professional services and other amounts received (without regard to whether or not an amount is paid in cash) for personal services actually rendered  in the course of employment  with the Employer maintaining the Plan to the extent that the amounts are includible in gross income (including, but not limited to, commissions paid salesmen, compensation for services on the basis of a percentage of profits, commissions on insurance  premiums, tips, bonuses, fringe benefits, and reimbursements or other expense allowances  under a nonaccountable plan as described in Regulation 1.62-2(c)) for a Plan Year (the "determination period"). 

Compensation shall exclude (a)(1) contributions made by the Employer to a plan of deferred  compensation to the extent that the contributions  are not includible in the gross income of the Participant for the taxable year in which contributed, (2) Employer contributions made on behalf of an Employee to a simplified employee pension plan described in Code Section 408{k) to the extent such contributions are excludable from the Employee's gross income, (3) any distributions  from a plan of deferred compensation; (b) amounts realized from the exercise of a non-qualified stock option, or when restricted stock (or property) held by an Employee either becomes freely transferable  or is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; (c) amounts realized from the sale, exchange or other disposition of stock acquired under a qualified stock option; and (d) other amounts which receive special tax benefits, or contributions made by the Employer (whether or not under a salary reduction agreement) towards the purchase of any annuity contract described  in Code Section 403(b) (whether or not the contributions are actually excludable from the gross income of the Employee).

For purposes of this Section, the determination of Compensation shall be made by:

(a)            including amounts which are contributed by the Employer pursuant to a salary reduction agreement and which are not includible in the gross income of the Participant under Code Sections 125, 132(f)(4), 402(e)(3), 402(h)(1)(B), 403(b) or 457(b), and Employee contributions described in Code Section 414(h)(2) that are treated as Employer contributions. For this purpose, effective January 1, 1998, amounts not includible in gross income under Code Section 125 shall be deemed to include any amounts not available to a Participant in cash in lieu of group health coverage because the Participant is unable to certify that the Participant has other health coverage, provided the Employer does not request or collect information regarding the Participant's other health coverage as part of the enrollment process for the health plan. 

(b)           including pre-participation Compensation paid during the Plan Year while not a Participant in the component of the Plan for which Compensation is being used. 

(c)           excluding all Compensation paid after severance of employment with the Employer. 

Compensation in excess of $200,000 (or such other amount provided in the Code) shall be disregarded. Such amount shall be adjusted for increases in the cost of living in accordance with Code Section 401(a)(17)(B), except that the dollar increase in effect on January 1 of any calendar year shall be effective for the Plan Year beginning with or within such calendar year. For any  determination period" of less than twelve (12) months, the Compensation limit shall be an amount equal to the Compensation limit for the calendar year in which the "determination period" begins multiplied by the ratio obtained by dividing the number of full months in the short  determination period" by twelve (12). A "determination period" is not less than twelve (12) months solely because a Participant's Compensation does not include Compensation paid during a determination period while the Participant was not a Participant in the Plan (or a component of the Plan).

If any Employees are excluded from the Plan (or from any component of the Plan), then Compensation for any such Employees who become eligible or cease to be eligible to participate in the Plan (or in the component of the Plan) during a Plan Year shall only include Compensation while such Employees are Eligible Employees of the Plan (or of such component of the Plan).

For purposes of this Section, if the Plan is a plan described in Code Section 413(c) or 414(f) (a plan maintained by more than one Employer), the limitation applies separately with respect to the Compensation of any Participant from each Employer maintaining the Plan.

If, in connection with the adoption of any amendment, the definition of Compensation has been modified, then, except as otherwise provided herein, for Plan Years prior to the Plan Year which includes the adoption date of such amendment, Compensation means compensation determined pursuant to the terms of the Plan then in effect.

1.11       "Contract" or "Policy" means any life insurance policy, retirement income policy or annuity policy (group or individual) issued pursuant to the terms of the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Plan and the terms of any contract purchased hereunder, the Plan provisions shall control. 

1.12       "Current Obligations" means Trust obligations arising from extension of credit to the Trust and payable in cash within (1) year from the date an Employer contribution is due. 

1.13       "Distribution Calendar Year" means a calendar year for which a minimum distribution pursuant to Section 7.7 is required. For distributions beginning before the Participant's death, the first Distribution Calendar Year is the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year which contains the Participant's required beginning date under Section 7.7. For distributions beginning after the Participant s death, the first Distribution Calendar Year is the calendar year in which distributions are required to begin under Section 7.7. The required minimum distribution for the Participant's first Distribution Calendar Year will be made on or before the Participant's required beginning date. The required minimum distribution for other Distribution Calendar Years, including the required minimum distribution for the Distribution Calendar Year in which the Participant's required beginning date occurs, will be made on or before December 31st of that Distribution Calendar Year. 

1.14       "Early Retirement." This Plan does not provide for a retirement date prior to Normal Retirement Date. 

1.15       "Eligible Employee" means any Employee, except as provided below. The following Employees shall not be eligible to participate in this Plan: 

(a)            Employees of Affiliated Employers, unless such Affiliated Employers have specifically adopted this Plan in writing with the written approval of the Employer. 

(b)            Individuals who are not reported on the payroll records of the Employer as common law employees. In particular, it is expressly intended that individuals who are not treated as common law employees by the Employer on its payroll records, or partners or other Self-Employed Individuals who are treated as independent contractors, are not Eligible Employees and are excluded from Plan participation even if a court or administrative agency determines that such individuals are common law employees and not independent contractors. 

(c)            Employees whose employment is governed by the terms of a collective bargaining agreement between Employee representatives (within the meaning of Code Section 7701(a){46)) and the Employer under which retirement benefits were the subject of good faith bargaining between the parties, unless such agreement expressly provides for coverage in this Plan. 

(d)            Employees who are nonresident aliens (within the meaning of Code Section 7701{b)(1)(B)) and who receive no earned Income (within the meaning of Code Section 911{d)(2)) from the Employer which constitutes income from sources within the United States (within the meaning of Code Section 861(a)(3)). 

(e)            Leased Employees. 

1  .  16       "Employee" means any person who is employed by the Employer or Affiliated Employer. Employee shall include Leased Employees within the meaning of Code Sections 414(n)(2) and 414(o)(2) unless such Leased Employees are covered by a plan described in Code Section 414(n)(5) and such Leased Employees do not constitute more than 20% of the recipient's non-highly compensated work force. 

1.17       "Employer'' means Los Alamos National Bank and any successor which shall maintain this Plan; and any predecessor which has maintained this Plan. The Employer is a corporation with principal offices in the State of New Mexico. For purposes of credited Hours of Service for eligibility to participate and vesting in account balances, service with Allocca and Brunett, Inc. shall be considered Hours of Service under this Plan. In addition, where appropriate, the term Employer shall include any Participating Employer (as defined in Section 12.1) which shall adopt this Plan. 

1.18       "ESOP" means an employee stock ownership plan that meets the requirements of Code Section 4975(e)(7) and Regulation 54.4975-11. 

1.19     "Exempt Loan" means a loan made to the Plan by a disqualified person or a loan to the Plan which is guaranteed by a disqualified person and which satisfies the requirements  of Section 5.4 hereof. Any Exempt Loan must be primarily for the benefit of the Plan Participants.

1.20       "Fiduciary'' means any person who (a) exercises any discretionary authority or discretionary control respecting management of the Plan or exercises any authority or control respecting management or disposition of its assets, (b) renders investment advice for a fee or other compensation, direct or indirect, with respect to any monies or other property of the Plan or has any authority or responsibility to do so, or (c) has any discretionary authority or discretionary responsibility in the administration of the Plan. 

1.21       "Fiscal Year'' means the Employer's accounting year of 12 months commencing on January 1 of each year and ending the following December 31. 

1.22       "Forfeiture" means that portion of a Participant's Account that is not Vested, and occurs on the earlier of: 

(a)            the distribution of the entire Vested portion of the Participant's Account of a Former Participant who has severed employment with the Employer. For purposes of this provision, if the Former Participant has a Vested benefit of zero, then such Former Participant shall be deemed to have received a distribution of such Vested benefit as of the year in which the severance of employment occurs, or 

(b)           the last day of the Plan Year in which a Former Participant who has severed employment with the Employer incurs five (5) consecutive 1-Year Breaks in Service. 

Regardless of the preceding provisions, if a Former Participant is eligible to share in the allocation of Employer contributions or Forfeitures in the year in which the Forfeiture would otherwise occur, then the Forfeiture will not occur until the end of the first Plan Year for which the Former Participant is not eligible to share in the allocation of Employer contributions or Forfeitures. Furthermore, the term "Forfeiture" shall also include amounts deemed to be Forfeitures pursuant to any other provision of this Plan.

1.23       "Former Participant" means a person who has been a Participant, but who has ceased to be a Participant for any reason. 

1.24        "415 Compensation" with respect to any Participant means such Participant's wages, salaries, fees for professional services and other amounts received (without regard to whether or not an amount is paid in cash) for personal services actually rendered in the course   of employment with the Employer maintaining the Plan to the extent that the amounts are includible in gross income (including, but not limited to, commissions paid salesmen, compensation for services on the basis of a percentage of profits, commissions on insurance premiums, tips, bonuses, fringe benefits, and reimbursements or other expense allowances under a nonaccountable plan (as described in Regulation 1.62-2(c)) for a Plan Year.  

"415 Compensation" shall exclude (a)(1) contributions made by the Employer to a plan of deferred compensation to the extent that, the contributions are not includible in the gross income of the Participant  for the taxable year in which contributed, (2) Employer contributions made on behalf of an Employee to a simplified employee pension plan described in Code Section 408(k) to the extent such contributions are excludable from the Employee's gross income, (3) any distributions  from a plan of deferred compensation; (b) amounts realized from the exercise of a non-qualified stock option, or when restricted stock (or property) held by an Employee either becomes freely transferable or is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; (c) amounts realized from the sale, exchange or other disposition of stock acquired under a qualified stock option; and (d) other amounts which receive special tax benefits, or contributions made by the Employer (whether or not under a salary reduction agreement) towards the purchase  of any annuity contract described  in Code Section 403(b) (whether or not the contributions  are actually excludable from the gross income of the Employee).

Notwithstanding the above, the determination of 415 Compensation shall be made by:

(a)            including  any elective deferral (as defined in Code Section 402(g)(3)), and any amount which is contributed or deferred by the Employer at the election of the Participant and which is not includible in the gross income of the Participant by reason of Code Sections 125, 132(f)(4) and 457. For this purpose, effective January 1, 1998, amounts not includible in gross income under Code Section 125 shall be deemed to include any amounts not available to a Participant in cash in lieu of group health coverage because the Participant is unable to certify that the Participant has other health coverage, provided the Employer does not request or collect information regarding the Participant's other health coverage as part of the enrollment process for the health plan. 

(b)            effective for Limitation Years beginning on and after July 1, 2007, making the following adjustments for amounts that are paid by the later of 2 1/2 months after a Participant's  severance from employment with the Employer or the end of the Limitation Year that includes the date of the Participant's  severance from employment with the Employer. Any other payment of compensation paid after severance of employment that is not described in the following types of compensation is not considered compensation within the meaning of Code Section 415(c)(3), even if payment is made within the time period specified above. 

(1)             415 Compensation shall include regular pay after severance of employment if: 

(i)         The payment  is regular compensation for services during the Participant's  regular working hours, or compensation for services outside the Participant's  regular  working hours (such as overtime or shift differential), commissions, bonuses, or other similar payments; and 

(ii)        The payment would have been paid to the Participant prior to a severance from employment if the Participant had continued in employment with the Employer. 

1.25          "Highly Compensated Employee" means an Employee described in Code  Section 414(q) and the Regulations thereunder, and generally means any Employee who:

(a)            was a "five percent owner" as defined in Section 1.29(b) at any time during the "determination year" or the "look-back year"; or 

(b)            for the "look-back year" had "415 Compensation" from the Employer in excess of $110,000 and were in the Top Paid Group of Employees for the Plan Year. The $110,000 amount is adjusted at the same time and in the same manner as under Code Section 415(d), except that the base period is the calendar quarter ending September 30, 1996. 

The "determination  year''  means the Plan Year for which testing is being performed, and the "look back year" means the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period.

A highly compensated former Employee is based on the rules applicable to determining Highly Compensated Employee status as in effect for the "determination year," in accordance with Regulation 1.414(q)-1T, A-4 and IRS Notice 97-45 (or any superseding guidance}  . 

In determining who is a Highly Compensated Employee, Employees who are non-resident aliens and who received no earned income (within the meaning of Code Section 911{d)(2)) from the Employer constituting United States source income within the meaning of Code Section 861(a)(3) shall not be treated as Employees. If a Nonresident Alien Employee has U.S. source income, that Employee is treated as satisfying this definition if all of such Employee's U.S. source income from the Employer is exempt from U.S. income tax under an applicable income tax treaty. Additionally, all Affiliated Employers shall be taken into account as a single employer and Leased Employees within the meaning of Code Sections 414(n)(2) and 414(o)(2) shall be considered Employees unless such Leased Employees are covered by a plan described in Code Section 414(n)(5) and are not covered in any qualified plan maintained by the Employer. The exclusion of Leased Employees for this purpose shall be applied on a uniform and consistent basis for all of the Employer's retirement plans. Highly Compensated Former Employees shall be treated as Highly Compensated Employees without regard to whether they performed services during the "determination year."

1.26       "Highly Compensated Participant" means any Highly Compensated Employee who is eligible to participate in the component of the Plan being tested. 

1.27        "Hour of Service" means (1) each hour for which an Employee is directly or indirectly compensated or entitled to compensation by the Employer for the performance of duties (these hours will be credited to the Employee for the computation period in which the duties are performed); (2) each hour for which an Employee is directly or indirectly compensated or entitled to compensation by the Employer (irrespective of whether the employment relationship has terminated) for reasons other than performance of duties (such as vacation, holidays, sickness, jury duty, disability, lay-off, military duty or leave of absence) during the applicable computation period (these hours will be calculated and credited pursuant to Department of Labor regulation 2530.200b-2 which is incorporated herein by reference); (3) each hour for which back pay is awarded or agreed to by the Employer without regard to   mitigation of damages (these hours will be credited to the Employee for the computation period or periods  to which the award or agreement pertains rather than the computation period in which the award, agreement  or payment is made). The same Hours of Service shall not be credited both under (1) or (2), as the case may be, and under (3).  

Notwithstanding (2) above, (i) no more than 501 Hours of Service are required to be credited to an Employee on account of any single continuous  period during which the Employee performs no duties (whether or not such period occurs in a single computation period); (ii) an hour for which an Employee is directly or indirectly paid, or entitled to payment, on account of a period during which no duties are performed is not required to be credited to the Employee if such payment is made or due under a plan maintained solely for the purpose of complying with applicable  worker's compensation,  or unemployment compensation or disability insurance laws; and (iii) Hours of Service are not required to be credited for a payment which solely reimburses an Employee for medical or medically related expenses incurred by the Employee.

For purposes of (2) above, a payment shall be deemed to be made by or due from the Employer regardless of whether such payment is made by or due from the Employer directly, or indirectly through, among others, a trust fund, or insurer, to which the Employer contributes or pays premiums and regardless of whether contributions made or due to the trust fund, insurer, or other entity are for the benefit of particular Employees  or are on behalf of a group of Employees  in the aggregate.

For purposes of this Section, Hours of Service will be credited for employment with other Affiliated Employers. The provisions of Department of Labor regulations 2530.200b-2(b) and (c) are incorporated herein by reference.

1.28       "Investment Manager" means any Fiduciary described in Act Section 3(38). 

1.29       "Key Employee" means, for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2001, an Employee as defined In Code Section 416(i) and the Regulations thereunder. Generally, any Employee or former Employee (as well as each of the Employee's or former Employee's Beneficiaries) is considered a Key Employee if the Employee's or former Employee's, at any time during the Plan Year that contains the "determination date" (except for the Plan Year beginning after December 31, 2001, the prior Plan Year that contains the "determination date"), has been included in one of the following categories: 

(a)            an officer of the Employer  (as that term is defined within the meaning of the Regulations  under Code Section 416) having annua1"415 Compensation" greater than $160,000 (as adjusted under Code Section 416(i)(1) for Plan Years beginning after December  31, 2002). 

(b)            a "five percent owner" of the Employer. "Five percent owner'' means any person who owns (or is considered as owning within the meaning of Code Section 318) more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding stock of the Employer or stock possessing more than five percent (5%) of the total combined voting power of all stock of the Employer or, in the case of an unincorporated business, any person who owns more than five percent (5%) of the capital or profits interest in the Employer. In determining percentage ownership hereunder, employers that would otherwise be aggregated under Code Sections 414(b), (c), (m) and (a) shall be treated as separate employers. 

(c)            a "one percent owner" of the Employer having an annual "415 Compensation" from the Employer of more than $150,000. "One percent owner" means any person who owns (or is considered as owning within the meaning of Code Section 318) more than one percent (1%) of the outstanding stock of the Employer or stock possessing more than one percent (1%) of the total combined voting power of all stock of the Employer or, in the case of an unincorporated business, any person who owns more than one percent (1%) of the capital or profits interest in the Employer. In determining percentage ownership hereunder, employers that would otherwise be aggregated under Code Sections 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) shall be treated as separate employers. However, in determining whether an individual has "415 Compensation" of more than $150,000, "415 Compensation" from each employer required to be aggregated under Code Sections 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) shall be taken into account. 

For purposes of this Section, the determination of "415 Compensation" shall be made by including amounts which are contributed by the Employer pursuant to a salary reduction agreement and which are not includible in the gross income of the Participant under Code Sections 125, 132(f)(4), 402(e)(3), 402(h)(1)(8),  403(b) or 457(b), and Employee contributions described in Code Section 414(h)(2) that are treated as Employer contributions.

In determining percentage ownership hereunder, employers that would otherwise be aggregated under Code Sections 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) shall be treated as separate employers. In determining whether an individual has 415 Compensation of more than $150,000, 415 Compensation from each employer required to be aggregated under Code Sections 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) shall be taken into account.

1.30       "Late Retirement Date" means the first day of the month coinciding with or next following a Participant's actual Retirement Date after having reached Normal Retirement Date. 

1.31       "Leased Employee" means any person (other than an Employee of the recipient Employer) who pursuant to an agreement between the recipient Employer and any other person or entity ("leasing organization") has performed services for the recipient (or for the recipient and related persons determined in accordance with Code Section 414(n)(6)) on a substantially full time basis for a period of at least one year, and such services are performed under primary direction or control by the recipient Employer. Contributions or benefits provided a Leased Employee by the leasing organization which are attributable to services performed for the recipient Employer shall be treated as provided by the recipient Employer. Furthermore, Compensation for a Leased Employee shall only include Compensation from the leasing organization that is attributable to services performed for the recipient Employer. A Leased Employee shall not be considered an Employee of the recipient Employer: 

(a)            If such employee is covered by a money purchase pension plan providing: 

(1) 
 A nonintegrated employer contribution rate of at least 10% of compensation, as defined in Code Section 415(c)(3); 

(2) 
 Immediate participation; 

(3) 
 Full and immediate vesting; and 

(b)            if Leased Employees do not constitute more than 20% of the recipient  Employer's nonhighly compensated work force.

1.32       "Non-Highly Compensated Participant" means any Participant who is not a  Highly Compensated Employee.

A Participant is a Non-Highly Compensated Participant for a particular Plan Year if such Participant does not meet the definition of a Highly Compensated Employee in effect for that Plan Year.

1.33       "Non-Key Employee" means, for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2001, any Employee or former Employee (and such Employee's or former Employee's Beneficiaries) who is not a Key Employee. 

1.34       "Normal Retirement Age" means the Participant's 65th birthday. A Participant shall become fully Vested in the Participant's Account upon attaining Normal Retirement Age. 

1.35       "Normal Retirement Date" means the first day of the month coinciding with or next following the Participant's Normal Retirement Age. 

1.36       "1-Year Break in Service" means the applicable computation period during which an Employee has not completed more than 500 Hours of Service with the Employer. Further, solely for the purpose of determining whether a Participant has incurred a 1-Year Break in Service, Hours of Service shall be recognized for "authorized leaves of absence" and "maternity and paternity leaves of absence." Years of Service and 1-Year Breaks in Service shall be measured on the same computation period. 

"Authorized leave of absence" means an unpaid, temporary cessation from active employment with the Employer pursuant to an established nondiscriminatory policy, whether occasioned by illness, military service, or any other reason.

A "maternity or paternity leave of absence" means an absence from work for any period by reason of the Employee's pregnancy, birth of the Employee's child, placement of a child with the Employee in connection with the adoption of such child, or any absence for the purpose of caring for such child for a period immediately following such birth or placement. For this purpose, Hours of Service shall be credited for the computation period in which the absence from work begins, only if credit therefore is necessary to prevent the Employee from incurring a 1-Year Break In Service, or, in any other case, in the immediately following computation period. The Hours of Service credited for a "maternity or paternity leave of absence" shall be those which would normally have been credited but for such absence, or, in any case in which the Administrator is unable to determine such hours normally credited, eight (8) Hours of Service per day. The total Hours of Service required to be credited for a "maternity or paternity leave of absence" shall not exceed the number of Hours of Service needed to prevent the Employee from incurring a 1-Year Break in Service.

1.37       "Other Investments Account" means the account of a Participant which is credited with such Participant's share of the net gain (or loss) of the Plan, Forfeitures and Employer contributions in other than Company Stock and which is debited with payments made to pay for Company Stock. 

1.38       "Participant" means any Eligible Employee who participates in the Plan and has not for any reason become ineligible to participate further in the Plan. 

1.39       "Participant Direction Procedures" means such instructions, guidelines or policies, the terms of which are incorporated herein, as shall be established pursuant to Section 4.5 and observed by the Administrator and applied to Participants who have Participant Directed Accounts. 

1.40       "Participant's Account" means the account established and maintained by the Administrator for each Participant with respect to such Participant's total interest in the Plan and Trust resulting from the Employer contributions. 

1.41       "Participant's Account Balance" means the account balance as of the last Valuation Date in the calendar year immediately preceding the Distribution Calendar Year (valuation calendar year) increased by the amount of any contributions made and allocated or Forfeitures allocated to the account balance as of dates in the valuation calendar year after the Valuation Date and decreased by distributions made in the valuation calendar year after the Valuation Date. The account balance for the valuation calendar year includes any amounts rolled over or transferred to the Plan either in the valuation calendar year or in the Distribution Calendar Year if distributed or transferred in the valuation calendar year. 

1.42       "Participant's Directed Account'' means that portion of a Participant's interest in the Plan with respect to which the Participant has directed the investment in accordance with the Participant Direction Procedure. 

1.43       "Plan" means this instrument, including all amendments thereto. 

1.44       "Plan Year'' means the Plan's accounting year of twelve (12) months commencing on January 1 of each year and ending the following December 31. 

1.45       "Post-Severance Compensation" means payments made within 2 1/2 months after severance from employment (within the meaning of Code Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(l)) if they are payments that, absent a severance from employment, would have been paid to the Employee while the Employee continued in employment with the Employer and are regular compensation for services during the Employee's regular working hours, compensation for services outside the Employee's regular working hours (such as overtime or shift differential), commissions, bonuses, or other similar compensation, and payments for accrued bona fide sick, vacation or other leave, but only if the Employee would have been able to use the leave if employment had continued. Any payments not described above are not considered compensation if paid after severance from employment, even if they are paid within 2 1/2 months following severance from employment, except for payments to an individual who does not currently perform services for the Employer by reason of qualified military service (within the meaning of Code Section 414(u)(1)) to the extent these payments do not exceed the amounts the individual would have received if the individual had continued to perform services for the Employer rather than entering qualified military service. 

1.46       "Regulation" means the Income Tax Regulations as promulgated by the Secretary of the Treasury or a delegate of the Secretary of the Treasury, and as amended from time to time. 

1.47       "Retired Participant" means a person who has been a Participant, but who has become entitled to retirement benefits under the Plan. 

1.48       "Retirement Date" means the date as of which a Participant retires for reasons other than Total and Permanent Disability, whether such retirement occurs on a Participant's Normal Retirement Date or Late Retirement Date (see Section 7.1). 

1.49       "Terminated Participant" means a person who has been a Participant, but whose employment has been terminated other than by death, Total and Permanent Disability or retirement. 

1.50       "Top Heavy Plan" means, for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2001, a plan described in Section 10.2(a). 

1.51       "Top Heavy Plan Year" means, for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2001, a Plan Year during which the Plan is a Top Heavy Plan. 

1.52       "Top-Paid Group" means the top-paid group as determined pursuant to Code Section 414(q) and the Regulations thereunder and generally means the top twenty percent (20%) of Employees  who performed services for the Employer during the applicable year, ranked according  to the amount of "415 Compensation" received from the Employer during such year. All Affiliated Employers shall be taken into account as a single employer, and Leased Employees shall be treated as Employees if required pursuant to Code Section 414(n) or (o). Employees  who are non-resident  aliens who received no earned income (within the meaning of Code Section 911(d)(2))  from the Employer constituting United States source income within the meaning  of Code Section 861(a)(3) shall not be treated as Employees. Furthermore, for the purpose of determining the number of Employees in any year, the following additional Employees shall also be excluded, however, such Employees may still be considered for the purpose of identifying the particular Employees in the Top-Paid Group: 

(a)

Employees with less than six (6) months of service;

(b) 
 Employees who normally work less than 17 1/2 hours per week; 

(c) 
 Employees who normally work less than six (6) months during a year; and 

(d) 
 Employees who have not yet attained age twenty-one (21). 

In addition, if 90 percent or more of the Employees of the Employer are covered under agreements the Secretary of Labor finds to be collective bargaining agreements between Employee representatives and the Employer, and the Plan covers only Employees who are not covered under such agreements, then Employees covered by such agreements shall be excluded from both the total number of active Employees as well as from the identification of particular Employees in the Top-Paid Group.

The foregoing exclusions set forth in this Section shall be applied on a uniform and consistent basis for all purposes for which the Code Section 414(q) definition is applicable. Furthermore, in applying such exclusions, the Employer may substitute any lesser service, hours or age.

1.53       "Total and Permanent Disability" means a physical or mental condition of a Participant resulting from bodily injury, disease, or mental disorder which renders such Participant incapable of continuing usual and customary employment with the Employer. The disability of a Participant shall be determined by a licensed physician chosen by the Administrator. The determination shall be applied uniformly to all Participants. 

1.54       "Trustee" means the person or entity named as trustee herein or in any separate trust fanning a part of this Plan, and any successors. 

1.55       "Trust Fund" means the assets of the Plan and Trust as the same shall exist from time to time. 

1.56       "Unallocated Company Stock Suspense Account" means an account containing Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan and which has not been released from such account and allocated to the Participants' Company Stock Accounts. 

1.57       "Valuation Date" means the Anniversary Date and may include any other date or dates deemed necessary or appropriate by the Administrator for the valuation of the Participant's accounts during the Plan Year, which may include any day that the Trustee, any transfer agent appointed by the Trustee or the Employer or any stock exchange used by such agent, are open for business. 

1.58       "Vested" means the nonforfeitable portion of any account maintained on behalf of a Participant. 

1.59       "Year of Service" means the computation period of twelve (12) consecutive months, herein set forth, during which an Employee has at least 1000 Hours of Service. 

For purposes of eligibility for participation, the initial computation period shall begin with the date on which the Employee first performs an Hour of Service  .   The participation computation period beginning after a 1-Year Break in Service shall be measured from the date on which an Employee again performs an Hour of Service. The participation computation period shall shift to the Plan Year which includes the anniversary of the date on which the Employee first performed an Hour of Service. If there is a shift to the Plan Year, then an Employee who is credited with the required Hours of Service in both the initial computation period (or the computation period beginning after a 1-Year Break in Service} and the Plan Year which includes the anniversary of the date on which the Employee first performed an Hour of Service, shall be credited with two (2) Years of Service for purposes of eligibility to participate. 

For vesting purposes, the computation periods shall be the Plan Year, including periods prior to the Effective Date of the Plan.

The computation period shall be the Plan Year if not otherwise set forth herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any short Plan Year, the determination of whether an Employee has completed a Year of Service shall be made in accordance with Department of Labor regulation 2530.203-2(c). However, in determining whether an Employee has completed a Year of Service for benefit accrual purposes in the short Plan Year, the number of the Hours of Service required shall be proportionately reduced based on the number of full months in the short Plan Year.

Years of Service with any Affiliated Employer shall be recognized.

ARTICLE II- ADMINISTRATION

2.1 
 POWERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE EMPLOYER 

(a)             In addition to the general powers and responsibilities otherwise provided for in this Plan, the Employer shall be empowered to appoint and remove the Trustee and the Administrator from time to time as it deems necessary for the proper administration of the Plan to ensure that the Plan Is being operated for the exclusive benefit of the Participants and their Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of the Plan, the Code, and the Act. The Employer may appoint counsel, specialists, advisers, agents (including any nonfiduciary agent) and other persons as the Employer deems necessary or desirable in connection with the exercise of its fiduciary duties under this Plan. The Employer may compensate such agents or advisers from the assets of the Plan as fiduciary expenses (but not including any business (settlor) expenses of the Employer), to the extent not paid by the Employer. 

(b)             The Employer may, by written agreement or designation, appoint at its option an Investment Manager (qualified under the Investment Company Act of 1940 as amended), investment adviser, or other agent to provide direction to the Trustee with respect to any or all of the Plan assets. Such appointment shall be given by the Employer in writing in a form acceptable to the Trustee and shall specifically identify the Plan assets with respect to which the Investment Manager or other agent shall have authority to direct the investment. 

(c)            The Employer  shall establish a "funding policy and method," i.e., it shall determine whether the Plan has a short run need for liquidity (e.g., to pay benefits) or whether liquidity is a long run goal and investment growth (and stability of same) is a more current need, or shall appoint a qualified person to do so. The Employer or its delegate shall communicate such needs and goals to the Trustee, who shall coordinate such Plan needs with its investment policy. The communication of such a "funding policy and method" shall not, however, constitute a directive to the Trustee as to the investment of the Trust Funds. Such "funding policy and method" shall be consistent with the objectives of this Plan and with the requirements of Title I of the Act. 

(d)             The Employer shall periodically review the performance of any Fiduciary or other person to whom duties have been delegated or allocated by it under the provisions of this Plan or pursuant to procedures established hereunder. This requirement may be satisfied by formal periodic review by the Employer or by a qualified person specifically designated by the Employer, through day-to-day conduct and evaluation, or through other appropriate ways. 

(e)             The Employer will furnish Plan Fiduciaries and Participants with notices and information statements when voting rights must be exercised pursuant to Section 8.4. 

2.2 
 DESIGNATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITY 

The Employer shall be the Administrator. The Employer may appoint any person, including, but not limited to, the Employees of the Employer, to perform the duties of the Administrator. Any person so appointed shall signify acceptance by filing written acceptance with the Employer. Upon the resignation or removal of any individual performing the duties of the Administrator, the Employer may designate a successor.

2.3 
 ALLOCATION AND DELEGATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES 

If more than one person is appointed as Administrator, the responsibilities of each Administrator may be specified by the Employer and accepted in writing by each Administrator. In the event that no such delegation is made by the Employer, the Administrators may allocate the responsibilities among themselves, in which event the Administrators shall notify the Employer and the Trustee in writing of such action and specify the responsibilities of each Administrator  .   The Trustee thereafter shall accept and rely upon any documents executed by the appropriate Administrator until such time as the Employer or the Administrators file with the Trustee a written revocation of such designation. 

2.4 
 POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE ADMINISTRATOR 

The primary responsibility of the Administrator is to administer the Plan for the exclusive benefit of the Participants and their Beneficiaries, subject to the specific terms of the Plan. The Administrator shall administer the Plan in accordance with its terms and shall have the power and discretion to construe the terms of the Plan and to determine all questions arising in connection with the administration, interpretation, and application of the Plan. Any such determination by the Administrator shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons. The Administrator may establish procedures, correct any defect, supply any information, or reconcile any inconsistency in such manner and to such extent as shall be deemed necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the Plan; provided, however, that any procedure, discretionary act, interpretation or construction shall be done in a nondiscriminatory manner based upon uniform principles consistently applied and shall be consistent with the intent that the Plan shall continue to be deemed a qualified plan under the terms of Code Section 401(a), and shall comply with the terms of the Act and all regulations issued pursuant thereto. The Administrator shall have all powers necessary or appropriate to accomplish the Administrator's duties under the Plan.

The Administrator shall be charged with the duties of the general administration of the

Plan as set forth under the terms of the Plan, including, but not limited to, the following:

(a)             the discretion to determine all questions relating to the eligibility of Employees  to participate or remain a Participant hereunder and to receive benefits under the Plan; 

{b)            to compute, certify, and direct the Trustee with respect to the amount and the kind of benefits to which any Participant shall be entitled hereunder; 

(c)             to authorize and direct the Trustee with respect to all nondiscretionary  or otherwise directed disbursements from the Trust; 

(d)             to maintain all necessary records for the administration of the Plan; 

(e)             to interpret the provisions of the Plan and to make and publish such rules for regulation of the Plan as are consistent with the terms hereof; 

(f)              to determine the size and type of any Contract to be purchased from any insurer, and to designate the insurer from which such Contract shall be purchased; 

(g)             to compute and certify to the Employer and to the Trustee from time to time the sums of money necessary or desirable to be contributed to the Plan; 

(h)             to consult with the Employer and the Trustee regarding the short and long-term liquidity needs of the Plan in order that the Trustee can exercise any investment discretion in a manner designed to accomplish specific objectives; 

(i)              to establish and communicate to Participants a procedure, which includes at 

least three (3) investment options pursuant to Regulations, for allowing each Participant to direct the Trustee as to the investment of such Participant's Company Stock Account pursuant to Section 4.5;

(j)               to establish and communicate to Participants a procedure and method to insure that each Participant  will vote Company Stock allocated to such Participant's Company Stock Account pursuant to Section 8.4  ;  

(k)             to determine the validity of, and take appropriate action with respect to, any qualified domestic relations order received by it; and 

(I)              to assist any Participant regarding the Participant's rights, benefits, or elections available under the Plan. 

The Administrator  shall keep a record of all actions taken and shall keep all other books of account, records, policies, and other data that may be necessary for proper administration of the Plan an9 shall be responsible for supplying all information and reports to the Internal Revenue Service, Department  of Labor, Participants, Beneficiaries and others as required by law.

2.6 
 APPOINTMENT OF ADVISERS 

The Administrator,  or the Trustee with the consent of the Administrator, may appoint counsel, specialists, advisers, agents (including nonfiduciary agents) and other persons as the Administrator  or the Trustee deems necessary or desirable in connection with the administration of this Plan, including but not limited to agents and advisers to assist with the administration and management of the Plan, and thereby to provide, among such other duties as the Administrator may appoint, assistance with maintaining Plan records and the providing of investment information to the Plan's investment fiduciaries and to Plan Participants  . 

All expenses of administration may be paid out of the Trust Fund unless paid by the Employer. Such expenses shall include any expenses incident to the functioning of the Administrator, or any person or persons retained or appointed by any Named Fiduciary incident to the exercise of the  i  r duties under the Plan, including, but not limited to, fees of accountants, counsel, Investment Managers, agents (including nonfiduciary agents) appointed for the purpose of assisting the Administrator or the Trustee in carrying out the instructions of Participants as to the directed investment of their accounts and other specialists and their agents, the costs of any bonds required pursuant to Act Section 412, and other costs of administering the Plan. Until paid, the expenses shall constitute a liability of the Trust Fund. 

Claims for benefits under the Plan may be filed in writing with the Administrator. Written or electronic notice of the disposition of a claim shall be furnished to the claimant within 90 days (45 days if the claim Involves disability benefits) after the application is filed, or such period as is required by applicable law or Department of Labor regulation. In the event the claim is denied, the reasons for the denial shall be specifically set forth in the notice in language calculated to be understood by the claimant, pertinent provisions of the Plan shall be cited, and, where appropriate, an explanation as to how the claimant can perfect the claim will be provided. In addition, the claimant shall be furnished with an explanation of the Plan's claims review procedure.

2.9 
 CLAIMS REVIEW PROCEDURE 

Any Employee, former Employee, or Beneficiary of either, who has been denied a benefit by a decision of the Administrator pursuant to Section 2.8 shall be entitled to request the Administrator to give further consideration to a claim by filing with the Administrator a written request for a hearing. Such request, together with a written statement of the reasons why the claimant believes the claim should be allowed, shall be filed with the Administrator no later than 60 days (180 days if the denied benefit involves disability benefits) after receipt of the written or electronic notification provided for in Section 2.8  .   The Administrator shall then conduct a hearing within the next 60 days (45 days if the claim involves disability benefits), at which the claimant may be represented by an attorn  e  y or any other representative of such claimant's choosing and expense and at which the claimant shall have an opportunity to submit written and oral evidence and arguments in support of the claim. At the hearing the claimant or the claimant's representative shall have an opportunity to review all documents in the possession of the Administrator which are pertinent to the claim at issue and its disallowance. Either the claimant or the Administrator may cause a court reporter to attend the hearing and record the proceedings. In such event, a complete written transcript of the proceedings shall be furnished to both parties by the court reporter. The full expense of any such court reporter and such transcripts shall be borne by the party causing the court reporter to attend the hearing. A final decision as to the allowance of the claim shall be made by the Administrator within 60 days (45 days if the claim involves disability benefits) of receipt of the appeal (unless there has been an extension of 60 days (45 days if the claim involves disability benefits) due to special circumstances, provided the delay and the special circumstances occasioning it are communicated to the claimant within the 60 day period (45 day period if the claim involves disability benefits). Such communication shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant and shall include specific reasons for the decision and specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions on which the decision is based. 

ARTICLE III - ELIGIBILITY

3.1 
 CONDITIONS OF ELIGIBILITY 

Any Eligible Employee who has completed one (1) Year of Service and has attained age eighteen (18) shall be eligible to participate hereunder as of the date such Employee has satisfied such requirements. However, any Employee who was a Participant in the Plan prior to the effective date of this amendment and restatement shall continue to participate in the Plan.

3.2 
 EFFECTIVE DATE OF PARTICIPATION 

An Eligible Employee shall become a Participant effective as of the earlier of the first day of the Plan Year or the first day of the seventh month of such Plan Year coinciding with or next following  the date such Employee met the eligibility requirements of Section 3.1, provided said Employee was still employed as of such date (or   if   not employed on such date, as of the date of rehire if a 1-Year Break in Service has not occurred or, if later, the date that the Employee would have otherwise entered the Plan had the Employee not terminated employment). 

If an Employee who has satisfied the Plan's eligibility requirements and would otherwise have become a Participant, shall go from a classification of a noneligible Employee to an Eligible Employee, such Employee shall become a Participant on the date such Employee becomes an Eligible Employee or, if later, the date that the Employee would have otherwise entered the Plan had the Employee always been an Eligible Employee.

If an Employee who has satisfied the Plan's eligibility requirements and would otherwise become a Participant, shall go from a classification of an Eligible Employee to a noneligible class of Employees, such Employee shall become a Participant in the Plan on the date such Employee again becomes an Eligible Employee, or, if later, the date that the Employee would have otherwise entered the Plan had the Employee always been an Eligible Employee. However, if such Employee incurs a 1-Year Break in Service, eligibility will be determined under the Break in Service rules set forth in Section 3.7.

3.3 
 DETERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY 

The Administrator shall determine the eligibility of each Employee for participation   in the   Plan based upon   Information   furnished by the Employer. Such determination shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons, as long as the same is made pursuant to the Plan and the Act. Such determination shall be subject to review pursuant to Section 2.9. 

3.4 
 TERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY 

In the event a Participant shall go from a classification of an Eligible Employee to an ineligible Employee, such Former Participant shall continue to vest in the Plan for each Year of Service completed while a noneligible Employee, until such time as the Participant's Account shall be forfeited or distributed pursuant to the terms of the Plan. Additionally, the Former Participant's interest in the Plan shall continue to share in the earnings of the Trust Fund.

3.5 
 OMISSION OF ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEE 

If, in any Plan Year, any Employee who should be included as a Participant in the Plan is   erroneously omitted and discovery of such omission   is not made until after a contribution by the   Employer  for the year has been made and allocated,   then the Employer shall make a   subsequent contribution, if necessary after the application   of Section 4.3(f), so that the omitted   Employee    rece  ives   a   total   amount which the Employee   would have received (including both   Employer contributions  and earnings  thereon) had   the Employee not been omitted  .   Such   contribution shall be made regardless of whether   it is deductible in whole or in part in any taxable year under applicable provisions of the Code. 

3.6 
 INCLUSION OF INELIGIBLE EMPLOYEE 

If, in any Plan Year, any person who should not have been included as a Participant in the Plan is erroneously Included and discovery of such inclusion is not made until after a contribution for the year has been made and allocated, the Employer shall be entitled to recover the contribution made with respect to the ineligible person provided the error is discovered within twelve (12) months of the date on which it was made. Otherwise, the amount contributed with respect to the ineligible person shall constitute a Forfeiture for the Plan Year in which the discovery is made.

3.7 
 REHIRED EMPLOYEES AND BREAKS IN SERVICE 

(a)              If any Participant becomes a Former Participant due to severance from employment with the Employer and is reemployed by the Employer before a 1-Year Break in Service occurs, the Former Participant shall become a Participant as of the reemployment date  .  

(b)             If any Employee becomes a former Employee due to severance from employment with the Employer and is reemployed after a 1-Year Break in Service has occurred, Years of Service shall include Years of Service prior to the 1-Year Break in Service subject to the following rules: 

(1)            In the case of a former Employee who under the Plan does not have a nonforfeitable right to any interest in the Plan resulting from Employer contributions, Years of Service before a period of 1-Year Break in Service will not be taken into account if the number of consecutive 1-Year Breaks in Service equal or exceed the greater of (A) five (5) or (B) the aggregate number of pre-break Years of Service. Such aggregate number of Years of Service will not include any Years of Service disregarded under the preceding sentence by reason of prior 1-Year Breaks in Service. 

(2)            A former Employee who has not had Years of Service before a 1-Year Break in Service disregarded pursuant to (1) above, shall participate in the Plan as of the date of reemployment. 

(c)             After a Former Participant who has severed employment with the Employer incurs five (5) consecutive 1-Year Breaks in Service, the Vested portion of said Former Participant's Account attributable to pre-break service shall not be increased as a result of post-break service. In such case, separate accounts will be maintained as follows: 

(1)            one account for nonforfeitable benefits attributable to pre-break service; and 

(2)           one account representing the Participant's Employer derived account balance in the Plan attributable to post-break service.

(d)              If any Participant becomes a Former Participant due to severance of employment with the Employer and Is reemployed by the Employer before five (5) consecutive 1-Year Breaks in Service, and such Former Participant had received a distribution of the entire Vested interest prior to reemployment, then the forfeited account shall be reinstated only if the Former Participant repays the full amount which had been distributed. Such repayment must be made before the earlier of five (5) years after the first date on which the Participant is subsequently reemployed by the Employer or the close of the first period of five (5) consecutive 1-Year Breaks in Service commencing after the distribution. If a distribution occurs for any reason other   than a severance of employment, the time for repayment may not end earlier than five (5) years after the date of distribution. In the event the Former Participant does repay the full amount distributed, the undistributed forfeited portion of the Participant's Account must be restored in full, unadjusted by any gains or losses occurring subsequent to the Valuation Date preceding the distribution. The source for such reinstatement may be Forfeitures occurring during the Plan Year. If such source is insufficient, then the Employer will contribute an amount which is sufficient to restore any such forfeited Accounts provided, however, that if a discretionary contribution is made for such year, such contribution shall first be applied to restore any such Accounts and the remainder shall be allocated in accordance with Section 4.3.  

If a non-Vested Former Participant was deemed to have received a distribution and such Former Participant is reemployed by the Employer before five (5) consecutive 1-Year Breaks in Service, then such Participant will be deemed to have repaid the deemed distribution as of the date of reemployment.

ARTICLE IV- CONTRIBUTION AND ALLOCATION

4.1 
 FORMULA FOR DETERMINING EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTION 

(a)             For each Plan Year, the Employer shall contribute to the Plan such amount as shall be determined by the Employer. 

(b)              The Employer contribution shall not be limited to years in which the Employer has current or accumulated net profit. Additionally, to the extent necessary, the Employer shall contribute to the Plan the amount necessary to provide the top heavy minimum contribution  .   All contributions by the Employer shall be made in cash or in such property as is acceptable to the Trustee.  

4.2 
 TIME OF PAYMENT OF EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTION 

The Employer may make its contribution to the Plan for a particular Plan Year at such time as the Employer, in its sole discretion, determines. If the Employer makes a contribution for a particular Plan Year after the close of that Plan Year, the Employer will designate to the Trustee the Plan Year for which the Employer is making its contribution.

4.3 
 ALLOCATION OF CONTRIBUTION, FORFEITURES AND EARNINGS 

(a)             The Administrator shall establish and maintain an account in the name of each Participant to which the Administrator shall credit, as of each Anniversary Date or other Valuation Date, all amounts allocated to each such Participant as set forth herein. 

(b)             The Employer shall provide the Administrator with all information required by the Administrator to make a proper allocation of the Employer contribution for each Plan Year. Within a reasonable period of time after the date of receipt by the Administrator of such information, the Administrator shall allocate such contribution to each Participant's Account in the same proportion that each such Participant's Compensation for the year bears to the total Compensation of all Participants for such year. 

Only Participants who have completed a Year of Service during the Plan Year and are actively employed on the last day of the Plan Year shall be eligible to share in the discretionary contribution for the year.

(c)             The Company Stock Account of each Participant shall be credited as of each Anniversary Date with Forfeitures of Company Stock and the Participant's allocable share of Company Stock (including fractional shares) purchased and paid for by the Plan or contributed in kind by the Employer. Stock dividends on Company Stock held in the Participant's Company Stock Account shall be credited to the Participant's Company Stock Account when paid to the Plan. Cash dividends on Company Stock held in the Participant's Company Stock Account shall, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, either be credited to the Participant's  Other Investments Account when paid to the Plan or be used to repay an Exempt Loan; provided, however, that when cash dividends are used to repay an Exempt Loan, Company Stock shall be released from the Unallocated Company Stock Suspense Account and allocated to the Participant's Company Stock Account pursuant to Section 4.3(e) and, provided further, that Company Stock allocated to the Participant's Company Stock Account shall have a fair market value not less than the amount of cash dividends which would have been allocated to such Participant's Other Investments Account for the year. 

Company Stock acquired by the Plan with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan shall only be allocated to each Participant's Company Stock Account upon release from the Unallocated Company Stock Suspense Account as provided in Section 4.3(e) herein. Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan shall be an asset of the Trust Fund and maintained in the Unallocated Company Stock Suspense Account.

(d)             Except as provided above with respect to stock dividends on Company Stock, as of each Valuation Date, before the current valuation period allocation of Employer contributions and Forfeitures, any earnings or losses (net appreciation or net depreciation) of the Trust Fund shall be allocated in the same proportion that each Participant's and Former Participant's nonsegregated accounts (other than each Participant's Company Stock Account) bear to the total of all Participants' and Former Participants' nonsegregated accounts (other than each Participant's Company Stock Account) as of such date. 

Earnings or losses do not include the interest paid under any installment contract for the purchase of Company Stock by the Trust Fund or on any loan used by the Trust Fund to purchase Company Stock, nor income received by the Trust Fund with respect to Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan; all income received by the Trust Fund from Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan may, at the discretion of the Administrator, be used to repay such loan.

(e)             The number of shares of Company Stock to be released from the Unallocated Company Stock Suspense Account for allocation to Participants' Company Stock Accounts for each Plan Year shall be determined by the Company (as of each Allocation Date) as follows: 

(1)              Principal/Interest Method  - The Company may elect (as to each Exempt Loan) or the provisions of the Exempt Loan may provide for the release of Company Stock held in the Unallocated Company Stock Suspense Account immediately before the release for the current Plan Year based on multiplication by a fraction.  The numerator of the fraction shall be the amount of principal and/or interest paid on the Exempt Loan for that Plan Year. The denominator of the fraction shall be the sum of the numerator plus the total payments of principal and interest on that Exempt Loan projected to be paid for all future Plan Years.  For this purpose, the interest to be paid in future years is to be computed by using the interest rate in effect as of the current Allocation Date. 

(2)             Principal Only Method -The Company may elect (as to each Exempt Loan) or the provisions of the Exempt Loan may provide for the release of Company Stock from the Unallocated Company Stock Suspense Account based solely on the ratio that the payments of principal for each Plan Year bear to the total principal amount of the Exempt Loan.  This method may be used only to the extent that:  (A) the Exempt Loan provides for annual payments of principal and   interest   at a cumulative   rate that is not   less rapid at any time than level annual payments of such amounts for   ten years;   (B) interest included in any payment on the Exempt Loan is disregarded only   to the   extent that it would be determined to be interest under standard loan amortization tables; and (C) the entire duration of the Exempt Loan repayment period does not exceed ten years, even in the event of a renewal, extension or refinancing of the Exempt Loan.  

In each Plan Year in which Trust Assets are applied to make payments on an Exempt Loan, the Company Stock released from the Unallocated  Company Stock Suspense Account in accordance  with the provisions of this Section 4.3(e) shall be allocated among the Company Stock Accounts of Participants in the manner determined by the Company based upon the source of funds (Employer Contributions, earnings attributable to such Employer Contributions and cash dividends on Company Stock) used to make the payments on the Exempt Loan.  If cash dividends on Company Stock allocated to a Participant's  Company Stock Account are used to make payments on an Exempt Loan, Company Stock (whose Fair Market Value is at least equal to the amount of such dividends} released from the Unallocated  Company Stock Suspense Account shall be allocated to that Participant's  Company   Stock   Account 

(f)             On or before each Anniversary Date any amounts which became Forfeitures since the last Anniversary Date may be made available to   reinstate   previously forfeited account balances of Former Participants, if any, in accordance with Section 3.7(d), be used to satisfy any contribution that may be required pursuant   to Section 3  .  5 and/or   7.9, or used to pay any administrative expenses of the Plan. The remaining   Forfeitures,   if   any,   shall be allocated each year among the Participants' Accounts of Participants   otherwise eligible   to share in the allocation of discretionary contributions in the same proportion that each such Participant's Compensation for the year bears to the total Compensation of all such Participants for the year.  

Provided, however, that in the event the allocation of Forfeitures provided herein shall cause the "annual addition" (as defined in Section 4.4) to any Participant's Account to exceed the amount allowable by the Code, the excess shall be reallocated to other Participants.

(g)              For any Top Heavy Plan Year, Non-Key Employees not otherwise eligible to share in the allocation of contributions and Forf43itures as provided above, shall receive the minimum allocation provided for in Section 4.3(i) if eligible pursuant   to   the provisions of Section 4.3(k).  

(h)              Notwithstanding   the foregoing, Participants   who are not actively employed on the last day of the Plan Year due   to Retirement (Normal   or Late), Total and Permanent Disability or death shall not share in the allocation   of contributions   and Forfeitures for that Plan Year.  

(i)               Minimum Allocations Required  for Top Heavy Plan   Years: Notwithstanding the foregoing, for   any Top Heavy Plan Year, the sum of the Employer   contributions and Forfeitures allocated to the   Participant's  Account of each Non-Key Employee   shall be equal to at least three   percent (3%) of such Non-Key Employee's "415 Compensation" (reduced by contributions and forfeitures, if any, allocated to each Non-Key Employee in any defined contribution plan included with this Plan in a Required Aggregation Group). However, if (1) the sum of the Employer contributions and Forfeitures allocated to the Participant's Account of each Key Employee for such Top Heavy Plan Year is less than three percent (3%) of each Key Employee's "415 Compensation" and (2) this Plan is not required to be included in an Aggregation Group to enable a defined benefit plan to meet the requirements of Code Section 401(a)(4) or 410, then the sum of the Employer contributions and Forfeitures allocated to the Participant's Account of each Non-Key Employee shall be equal to the largest percentage allocated to the Participant's Account of any Key Employee.  

However, no such minimum allocation shall be required in this Plan for any Non-Key Employee who participates in another defined contribution plan subject to Code Section 412 included with this Plan in a Required Aggregation Group where the other plan provides the minimum allocation  . 

(j)              For purposes of the minimum allocations set forth above, the percentage allocated to the Participant's Account of any Key Employee shall be equal to the ratio of the sum of the Employer contributions and Forfeitures allocated on behalf of such Key Employee divided by the "415 Compensation" for such Key Employee. 

(k)              For any Top Heavy Plan Year, the minimum allocations set forth above shall be allocated to the   P  articipant's Account of all Non-Key Employees who are Participants and who are employed by the Employer on the last day of the Plan Year, including Non-Key Employees who have (1) failed to complete a Year of Service; and (2) declined to make mandatory contributions (if required) to the Plan.  

(l)               For the purposes of this Section, "415 Compensation" in excess of $150,000 (or such other amount provided in the Code) shall be disregarded. Such amount shall be adjusted for increases in the cost of living in accordance with Code Section 401(a)(17)(B), except that the dollar increase in effect on January 1 of any calendar year shall be effective for the Plan Year beginning with or within such calendar year. If "415 Compensation" for any prior determination period is taken into account in determining a Participant's minimum benefit for the current Plan Year, the "415 Compensation" for such determination period Is subject to the applicable annual "415 Compensation" limit in effect for that prior period. For this purpose,   i  n determining the minimum benefit in Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 1989, the annual "415 Compensation" limit in effect for determination periods beginning before that date is $200,000 (or such other amount as adjusted for increases in the cost of living in accordance  with Code Section 415(d) for determination periods beginning on or after January 1, 1989, and in accordance with Code Section 401(a)(17)(B) for determination periods beginning on or after January 1, 1994). For determination periods beginning prior to January 1, 1989, the $200,000 limit shall apply only for Top Heavy Plan Years and shall not be adjusted  .   For any short Plan Year the "415 Compensation" limit shall be an amount equal to the "415 Compensat  i  on" limit for the calendar year in which the Plan Year begins multiplied by the ratio obtained by dividing the number of full months in the short Plan Year by twelve (12)  .  

(m)             Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, all information necessary to properly reflect a given transaction may not be available until after the date specified herein for processing such transaction, in which case the transaction will be reflected when such information is received and processed. Subject to express limits that may be imposed under the Code, the processing of any contribution, distribution or other transaction may be delayed for   any legitimate business reason (including, but not limited to, failure of systems or computer programs, failure of the means of the transmission of data, force majeure, the failure of a service provider to timely receive values or prices  ,   and the correction for errors or omissions or the errors or omissions of any service provider). The processing date of a transaction will be binding for all purposes of the Plan.  

(n)             Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary, if this is a Plan that would otherwise fail to meet the requirements of Code Section 410(b)(1)(8) and the Regulations thereunder because  Employer contributions would not be allocated to a sufficient number or percentage of Participants for a Plan Year, then the following rules shall apply: 

(1)             The group of Participants eligible to share in the Employer's contribution and Forfeitures for the Plan Year shall be expanded to include the minimum number of Participants who would not otherwise be eligible as are necessary to satisfy the applicable test specified above  .   The specific Participants who shall become eligible under the terms of this paragraph shall be those who have not separated from service prior to the last day of the Plan Year and have completed the greatest number of Hours of Service in the Plan Year.  

(2)            If after application of paragraph (1) above, the applicable test is still not satisfied, then the group of Participants eligible to share in the Employer's contribution and Forfeitures for the Plan Year shall be further expanded to include the minimum number of Participants who have separated from service prior to the last day of the Plan Year as are necessary to satisfy the applicable test. The specific Participants who shall become eligible to share shall be those Participants who have completed the greatest number of Hours of Service in the Plan Year before terminating employment. 

(3)            Nothing in this Section shall permit the reduction of a Participant's accrued benefit. Therefore any amounts that have previously been allocated to Participants may not be reallocated to satisfy these requirements. In such event, the Employer shall make an additional contribution equal to the amount such affected Participants would have received had they been included in the allocations, even if it exceeds the amount which would be deductible under Code Section 404. Any adjustment to the allocations pursuant to this paragraph shall be considered a retroactive amendment adopted by the last day of the Plan Year. 

(4)            Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the portion of the Plan which is not a Code Section 401(k) plan would fail to satisfy Code Section 410(b) if the coverage tests were applied by treating those Participants  whose only allocation would otherwise be provided under the top heavy formula as if they were not currently benefiting under the Plan, then, for purposes of this Section 4.3(n), such Participants shall be treated as not benefiting and shall therefore be eligible to be included in the expanded class of Participants  who will share in the allocation  provided under the Plan's non top heavy formula. 

4.4 
 MAXIMUM ANNUAL ADDITIONS 

(a)              Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any "limitation year'', the maximum "annual additions" credited to a Participant's  accounts for any "limitation year" shall equal the lesser of: (1) $49,000 adjusted annually as provided in Code Section 415(d) pursuant to the Regulations, or (2) one-hundred percent (100%) of the Participant's  "415 Compensation" for such "limitation   year." If the Employer  contribution that would otherwise  be contributed or allocated to the Participant's  accounts  would cause the "annual additions" for the "limitation year" to exceed the maximum  "annual additions,"  the amount contributed or allocated  will be reduced so that the "annual additions" for the "limitation  year" will equal the maximum "annual additions," and any amount in excess of the maximum "annual additions," which would have been allocated to such Participant may be allocated  to other Participants. For any short "limitation year," the dollar limitation in (1) above shall be reduced by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the short "limitation year'' and the denominator of which is twelve (12).  

(b)             For purposes of applying  the limitations  of Code Section  415, "annual additions" means the sum credited  to a Participant's accounts  for any "limitation year" of (1) Employer contributions, (2) Employee contributions, (3) forfeitures, (4) amounts allocated, after March 31, 1984, to an individual medical account, as defined  in Code Section  415(1)(2) which is part of a pension  or annuity plan maintained by the Employer, (5) amounts  derived  from contributions paid or accrued  after December 31, 1985, in taxable years ending  after such date, which are attributable to post-retirement medical benefits  allocated to the separate  account of a key employee (as defined in Code Section 419A(d)(3)) under a welfare benefit  plan (as defined in Code Section  419{e)) maintained by the Employer and (6) allocations under a simplified employee pension plan. Except, however, the "415 Compensation" percentage limitation referred to in paragraph (a)(2) above shall not apply to: (1) any contribution for medical benefits after separation from service (within the meaning  of Code Sections  401(h) or 419A(f)(2)) which is otherwise  treated  as an "annual addition,"  or (2) any amount  otherwise treated  as an "annual addition" under Code Section  415(1)(1 ). 

(c)              For purposes of applying  the limitations of Code  Section  415, the following are not "annual additions": (1) the transfer of funds from one qualified plan to another  and (2) provided no more than one-third  of the Employer  contributions for the year are allocated to Highly Compensated Participants, Forfeitures of Company Stock purchased with the proceeds of an Exempt  Loan and Employer  contributions applied to the payment of interest  on an Exempt Loan and (3) effective  for Plan Years on or after July 1, 2007, restorative payments where a restorative payment is a payment made to restore losses to a Plan resulting from actions by a fiduciary for which there is reasonable risk of liability for breach of a fiduciary duty under ERISA or under other applicable federal or state law, where participants who are similarly situated are treated similarly with respect to the payments, and where payments are restorative payments only if the payments are made in order to restore some or all of the plan's losses due to an action (or a failure to act) that creates a reasonable risk of liability for such a breach of fiduciary duty (other than a breach of fiduciary duty arising from failure to remit contributions to the Plan)  .   This includes payments to a plan made pursuant to a Department of Labor order, the Department of Labor's Voluntary Fiduciary Correction Program, or a court-approved settlement, to restore losses to a qualified defined contribution plan on account of the breach of fiduciary duty (other than a breach of fiduciary duty arising from failure to remit contributions to the Plan}. Payments made to the Plan to make up for losses due merely to market fluctuations and other payments that are not made on account of a reasonable risk of liability for breach of a fiduciary duty under ERISA are not restorative payments and generally constitute contributions that are considered annual additions.  In addition, the following are not Employee contributions for the purposes of Section 4.4(b): (1) rollover contributions (as defined in Code Sections 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3) and 457(e)(16)); (2) repayments of loans made to a Participant from the Plan; (3) repayments of distributions received by an Employee pursuant to Code Section 411(a)(7)(B} (cash-outs); (4) repayments of distributions received by an Employee pursuant to Code Section 411(a)(3)(D) (mandatory contributions); and (5) Employee contributions to a simplified employee pension excludable from gross income  under Code Section 408(k)(6).  

(d)             For purposes of applying the limitations of Code Section 415, the "limitation year" shall be the Plan Year. Effective for Plan Years beginning on or after July 1, 2007, the limitation year may only be changed by a Plan amendment. Furthermore, if the Plan is terminated effective as of a date other than the last day of the Plan's limitation year, then the Plan is treated as if the Plan had been amended to change its limitation year. 

(e)             For the purpose of this Section, all qualified defined contribution plans (whether terminated or not) ever maintained by the Employer (or a "predecessor employer") under which the participant receives annual additions shall be treated as one defined contribution plan.  A former Employer is a "predecessor employer" with respect to a participant in a plan maintained by an Employer if the Employer maintains a plan under which the participant had accrued a benefit while performing services for the former Employer, but only if that benefit is provided under the plan maintained by the Employer. For this purpose, the formerly affiliated plan rules in Regulation Section 1.415(f)-1(b)(2) apply as if the Employer and predecessor Employer constituted  a single employer under the rules described  in Regulation Section 1.415(a)-1(f)(1) and (2) immediately prior to the cessation of affiliation (and as if they constituted two, unrelated employers  under the rules described in Regulation Section 1.415(a)-1(f)(1) and (2) immediately after the cessation of affiliation) and cessation of affiliation was the event that gives rise to the predecessor employer relationship, such as a transfer of benefits or plan sponsorship.  With respect to an Employer of a participant, a former entity that antedates the Employer is a "predecessor employer" with respect to the participant  if, under the facts and circumstances, the employer  constitutes a continuation  of all or a portion of the trade or business of the former entity. 

(f)              For the purpose of this Section, if the Employer is a member of a controlled group of corporations, trades or businesses  under common control (as defined by Code Section 1563(a) or Code Section 414(b) and (c) as modified by Code Section 415(h)), is a member of an affiliated service group (as defined by Code Section 414(m)), or is a member of a group of entities required to be aggregated pursuant to Regulations under Code Section 414(o), all Employees of such Employers shall be considered to be employed by a single Employer. 

(g)             If this is a plan described in Code Section 413(c) (other than a plan described in Code Section 414(f}), then all of the benefits or contributions attributable to a Participant from all of the Employers maintaining  this Plan shall be taken into account in applying the limits of this Section with respect to such Participant.  Furthermore, in applying the limitations of this Section with respect to such a Participant, the total "415 Compensation" received by the Participant from all of the Employers maintaining the Plan shall be taken into account. 

(h)

(1)             If a Participant participates in more than one defined contribution plan   maintained by the Employer which have different Anniversary Dates, the maximum "annual additions" under this Plan shall equal the maximum "annual additions" for the "limitation year" minus any "annual additions" previously credited to such Participant's accounts during the "limitation year."  

(2)             If a Participant participates in both a defined contribution plan subject to Code Section 412 and a defined contribution plan not subject to Code Section 412 maintained by the Employer which have the same Anniversary Date, "annual additions" will be credited to the Participant's accounts under the defined contribution plan subject   to Code Section 412 prior to crediting "annual additions" to the Participant's accounts under the defined contribution plan not subject to Code Section 412.  

(3)             If a Participant participates in more than one defined contribution plan not subject to Code Section 412 maintained by the Employer which have the same Anniversary Date, the maximum "annual additions" under this Plan shall equal the product of (A) the maximum "annual additions" for the "limitation year'' minus any   "annual   additions" previously credited under subparagraphs (1) or (2) above, multiplied by (B) a   fraction   (i) the numerator of which is   the   "annual additions" which would be credited to such Participant's accounts under this Plan without regard to the limitations of Code Section 415 and (ii) the denominator of which is such "annual additions" for all plans described in this subparagraph.  

(i)             Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section to the contrary, the   limitations  ,   adjustments and other requirements prescribed in this Section shall at all times comply with the provisions of Code Section 415 and   the   Regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, if the   annual additions   (within the meaning of Code415) are exceeded for any participant, then the Plan may only correct such excess in accordance w1th the Employee Plans Compliance   Resolution System   (EPCRS)   as set   forth   in   Revenue Procedure 2006-27   or   any superseding guidance, including, but not limited to,   the   preamble of the final  415 regulations.  

U}             For purposes of aggregating plans for Code   415, a "formerly affiliated plan" of an employer is taken into account for purposes of applying the Code   415 limitations to the employer, but the formerly affiliated plan is treated as if it had terminated immediately prior to the   "cessation   of affiliation." For purposes of this paragraph, a "formerly affiliated plan" of an employer is a plan that, immediately prior to the cessation of affiliation, was actually maintained by one or more of the entities that constitute the employer (as determined under the employer affiliation rules described in Regulation Section 1.415(a)-1(f)(1) and (2)), and immediately after the cessation of affiliation, is not actually maintained by any of the entities that constitute the employer (as determined under the employer affiliation   rules   described in Regulation Section 1.415(a)-1(f)(1) and (2)). For purposes of this paragraph, a "cessation of affiliation" means the event that causes an entity to no longer be aggregated with one or more other entities as a single employer under the employer affiliation rules described in Regulation Section 1.415(a)-1(f)(1) and (2) (such as the sale of a subsidiary outside a controlled group), or that causes a plan to not actually be maintained by any of the entities that constitute the employer under the employer affiliation rules of Regulation Section 1.415(a)- 1(f)(1) and (2) (such as a transfer of plan sponsorship outside of a controlled group). Two or more defined contribution plans that are not required to be aggregated pursuant to Code   415(f) and the Regulations thereunder as of the first day of a limitation year do not fail to satisfy the requirements of Code  415 with respect to a participant for the limitation year merely because they are aggregated later in that limitation year, provided that no annual additions are credited   to   the participant's account after the date on which the plans are required to be aggregated.  

(a)              A Participant who has attained age fifty-five (55) and completed at least ten (10) Years of Participation in the Plan shall be notified of his right to elect to "diversify" a portion of the balance in his Company Stock Account, as provided in Section 401(a)(28)(B) of the Code. An election to "diversify" must be made on the prescribed form and filed with the Company within the 90-day period immediately following the Allocation Date of a Plan Year in the Election Period. For purposes of this Section 4.5, "Years of Participation" includes only those Plan   Years in which the Participant is entitled to receive an allocation of Employer Contributions under Section 4.3(b). The "Election Period" means the period of six consecutive Plan Years beginning with the Plan Year in which the Participant first becomes eligible to make an election.  

(b)             For each of the first five Plan Years in the Election Period, the Participant may elect to "diversify" an amount which does not exceed 25% of the number of shares of Company Stock allocated to his Company Stock Account (including for this purpose any shares of Company Stock distributed or withdrawn during the Election Period), less all shares with respect to which an election under this Section 4.5 was previously made. In the case of the sixth Plan Year in the Election Period, the Participant may elect to "diversify" an amount which does not exceed 50% of the number of shares of Company Stock allocated to his Company Stock Account (including for this purpose any shares of Company Stock distributed or withdrawn during the Election Period), less all shares with respect to which an election under this Section 4.5 was previously made. No "diversification" election shall be permitted if the balance in a Participant's Company Stock Account as of the Allocation Date of the first Plan Year in the Election Period has a Fair Market Value of $500 or less, unless and until the balance in his Company Stock Account as of a subsequent Allocation Date in the Election Period exceeds $500. 

(c)             The Company shall determine whether "diversification" will be effected by  transferring cash (representing that portion of a Participant's Company Stock Account with respect to which a "diversification" election is made) to the 401(k) Plan for his benefit (so long as at least three investment funds, other than Company Stock, are made available under the 401(k) Plan) or by distributing to the Participant in Company Stock or in cash (as determined by the Company) the portion of his Company Stock Account with respect to which a diversification election is made. Any transfer to the 401(k) Plan under this Section 4.5 shall occur no earlier than 30 days after Forms 5310-A with respect to such transfer have been filed (if required) with the Internal Revenue Service, but not later than the time when a distribution under this Section 4.5 would have been required. Any distribution under this Section 4.5 shall be made within 90 days after the 90-day period in which the election may be made and shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 7.10, 7.11 and 7.12. 

4.6 
 QUALIFIED MILITARY SERVICE 

(a)             Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, contributions, benefits and service will be provided in accordance with Code Section 414(u). 

(b)             In the case of a death occurring on or after January 1, 2007, if a Participant dies while performing qualified military service (as defined in Code  414(u)), the Participant's Beneficiary is entitled to any additional benefits (other than benefit accruals relating to the period of qualified military service) provided under the Plan as if the Participant had resumed employment and then terminated employment on account of death. Moreover, the Plan will credit the Participant's qualified military service as service for vesting purposes, as though the Participant had resumed employment under USERRA immediately prior to the Participant's death. 

(c)              For years beginning after December 31, 2008: (i) an individual receiving a differential wage payment, as defined by Code  3401(h)(2), is treated as an employee of the employer making the payment; (ii) differential wage payment is treated as compensation for purposes of Code 415(c)(3) and Treasury Reg.  1.415(c)-2 (e.g. for purposes of Code  415, top-heavy provisions of Code  416, determination of highly compensated employees under   Code  414(q), and applying the 5% gateway requirements under the Code  401(a)(4) regulations); and (iii) differential wage payments (as described herein) will not be considered compensation for purposes of Plan contributions.  

(d)             If a Participant performs service in the uniformed services (as defined in Code  414(u)(12)(8)) on active duty for a period of more than 30 days, the Participant will be deemed to have a severance from employment solely for purposes of eligibility for distribution of amounts not subject to Code  412.  However, the Plan will not distribute such a Participant's account on account of this deemed severance unless the Participant specifically elects to receive a benefit distribution hereunder.  If a Participant would be entitled to a distribution on account of a deemed severance, and a distribution on account of another Plan provision (such as a qualified reservist distribution), then the other Plan provision will control and the 6-month suspension will not apply. 

ARTICLE V- FUNDING AND INVESTMENT POLICY

(a)             The Plan is designed to invest primarily in Company Stock. 

(b)             With due regard to subparagraph (a) above, the Administrator may also direct the Trustee to invest funds under the Plan in other property described in the Trust or in life insurance policies to the extent permitted by subparagraph (c) below, or the Trustee  may  hold such funds in cash or cash equivalents. 

(c)              With due regard to subparagraph (a) above, the Administrator may also direct the Trustee to invest funds under the Plan not attributable to proceeds from an Exempt Loan in insurance policies on the life of any "keyman" Employee. The proceeds of a "keyman" insurance policy may not be used for the repayment of any indebtedness owed by the Plan which is secured by Company Stock  .   In the event any "keyman" insurance is purchased by the Trustee, the premiums paid thereon during any Plan Year, net of any policy dividends and increases in cash surrender values, shall be treated as the cost of Plan investment and any death benefit or cash surrender value received shall be treated as proceeds from an investment of the Plan.  

(d)           The Plan may not obligate itself to acquire Company Stock from a particular holder thereof at an indefinite time determined upon the happening of an event such as the death of the holder.

(e)              The Plan may not obligate itself to acquire Company Stock under a put option binding upon the Plan  .   However  ,   at the time a put option is exercised, the Plan may be given an option to assume the rights and obligations of the Employer under a put option binding upon the Employer.  

(f)              All purchases of Company Stock shall be made at a price which, in the judgment of the Administrator, does not exceed the fair market value thereof. All sales of Company Stock shall be made at a price which, in the judgment of the Administrator, is not less than the fair market value thereof. The valuation rules set forth in Article VI shall be applicable. 

Employer contributions in cash, and any earnings on such contributions, shall first be applied to pay any Current Obligations of the Trust Fund.

5.3 
 TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING COMPANY STOCK 

(a)              No portion of the Trust Fund attributable   to (or allocable in   lieu of) Company Stock acquired by the Plan in a sale to which   Code Section 1042 applies   may accrue or be allocated directly or indirectly under any plan maintained   by the Employer   meeting the requirements of Code Section 401(a):  

(1)             during the "Nonallocation Period," for the benefit of 

(i)            any taxpayer who makes an election under Code Section 1042(a)  with respect to Company Stock,

(ii)           any individual who is related to the taxpayer (within the meaning of Code Section 267(b)), or 

(2)             for the benefit of any other person who owns (after application of Code Section 318(a) applied without regard to the employee trust exception in Code Section 318(a)(2)(B)(i)) more than 25 percent of 

(i)             any class of outstanding stock of the Employer or Affiliated  Employer which issued such Company Stock, or

(ii)            the total value of any class of outstanding stock of the Employer or  Affiliated Employer.

(b)              Except, however, subparagraph (a)(1)(il) above shall not apply to lineal descendants of the taxpayer, provided that the aggregate amount allocated to the benefit of all such   lineal   descendants during the "Nonallocation Period" does not exceed more than five (5) percent of the Company Stock (or amounts allocated in lieu thereof) held by the Plan which are attributable to a sale to the Plan by any person related to such descendants (within the meaning of Code Section 267(c)(4))  in a transaction to which Code Section 1042 is applied.  

(c)             A person shall be treated as failing to meet the stock ownership limitation under paragraph (a)(2) above if such person fails such limitation: 

(1)             at any time during the one (1) year period ending on the date of sale of  Company Stock to the Plan, or

(2)              on the date as of which Company Stock is allocated to Participants in the  Plan. 

(d)             For purposes of this Section, "Nonallocation Period" means the period beginning on the date of the sale of the Company Stock and ending on the later of: 

(1)             the date which is ten (10) years after the date of sale, or 

(2)              the date of the Plan allocation  attributable to the final payment of the   Exempt Loan incurred in connection with such sale.  

(a)             The Plan may borrow money for any lawful purpose, provided the proceeds of an Exempt Loan are used within a reasonable time after receipt only for any or all of the following purposes: 

(1)             To acquire Company Stock. 

(2)             To repay such loan. 

(3)             To repay a prior Exempt Loan. 

(b)             All loans to the Trust which are made or guaranteed by a disqualified person must satisfy all requirements applicable to Exempt Loans including but not limited to the following: 

(1)             The loan must be at a reasonable rate of interest; 

(2)             Any collateral pledged to the creditor by the Plan shall consist only of the Company Stock purchased with the borrowed funds; 

(3)             Under the terms of the loan, any pledge of Company Stock shall provide for the release of shares so pledged on a pro-rata basis pursuant to Section 4.3(e); 

(4)             Under the terms of the loan, the creditor  shall have no recourse against the Plan except with respect  to such collateral,  earnings attributable to such collateral, Employer contributions (other than contributions of Company Stock) that are made to meet Current  Obligations and earnings attributable to such contributions; 

(5)             The loan must be for a specific term and may not be payable at the demand of any person, except in the case of default; 

(6)             In the event of default upon an Exempt Loan, the value of the Trust Fund transferred in satisfaction of the Exempt Loan shall not exceed the amount of default.  If the lender is a disqualified person, an Exempt Loan shall provide for a transfer of Trust Funds upon default only upon and to the extent of the failure of the Plan to meet the payment schedule of the Exempt Loan; 

(7)              Exempt Loan payments during a Plan Year must not exceed an amount equal to  :   (A) the sum, over all Plan Years, of all contributions and cash dividends paid by the Employer to the Plan with respect to such Exempt Loan and earnings on such Employer contributions and cash dividends, less (B) the sum of the Exempt Loan payments in all preceding Plan Years. A separate accounting shall be maintained for such Employer contributions, cash dividends and earnings until the Exempt Loan is repaid.  

(c)              For purposes of this Section, the term "disqualified person" means  a person  who is a Fiduciary, a person providing services  to the Plan, an Employer any of whose Employees   are covered by the Plan, an employee organization any of whose members are covered by the Plan, an owner, direct or indirect, of 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of voting stock or of the total value of all classes of the stock, or an officer, director, 10% or more shareholder, or a highly compensated Employee.  

ARTICLE VI- VALUATIONS

6.1 
 VALUATION OF THE TRUST FUND 

The Administrator shall direct the Trustee, as of each Valuation Date, to determine the net worth of the assets comprising the Trust Fund as it exists on the Valuation Date. In determining such net worth, the Trustee shall value the assets comprising the Trust Fund at their fair market value (or their contractual value in the case of a Contract or Policy) as of the Valuation Date and shall deduct all expenses for which the Trustee has not yet obtained reimbursement from the Employer or the Trust Fund.

Valuations must be made in good faith and based on all relevant factors for determining   the   fair market value of securities. In the case of a transaction between a Plan and a disqualified person, value must be determined as of the date of the transaction. For all other Plan purposes, value must be determined as of the most recent Valuation Date under the Plan. An independent appraisal will not in itself be a good faith determination of value in the case of a transaction between the Plan and a disqualified person. However, in other cases, a determination of fair market value based on at least an annual appraisal independently arrived at by a person who customarily makes such appraisals and who is independent of any party to the transaction will be deemed to be a good faith determination of value. Company Stock not readily tradable on an established securities market shall be valued by an   independent   appraiser meeting requirements similar to the requirements of the Regulations prescribed under Code Section 170(a)(1). 

ARTICLE VII- DETERMINATION AND DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS

7.1 
 DETERMINATION OF BENEFITS UPON RETIREMENT 

Every participant may terminate employment with the Employer and retire for the purposes hereof on the Participant's Normal   Retirement Date  .   However  ,   a   Part  i  cipant may   postpone the termination of employment   with the Employer to a later date, in which event the   participation of such Participant in the Plan  ,   including   the right to rece  i  ve   allocations   pursuant   to Section 4.3, shall continue until such Participant's   Late Retiremen  t   Date.   Upon   a Participan  t  's   Retirement Date, or as soon thereafter as is practicable, the Trustee shall distribute, at the election of the Participant, all amounts credited to such Participant's Account in accordance with Sections 7.5 and 7.6. 

7.2 
 DETERMINATION OF BENEFITS UPON DEATH 

(a)              Upon the death of a Participant before   the Participant's termination   of employment, all amounts credited to such Participant's   Account   shall   become fully Vested.   If elected, distribution of the Participant's Account shall commence   not later than one (1)   year after the close of the Plan Year in which such Participant's death occurs. The Administrator shall   direct the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 7.5 and 7.6, to distribute the value of the deceased Participant's accounts to the Participant's Beneficiary.  

(b)             Upon the death of a Former Participant, the Administrator shall direct the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 7.5 and 7.6, to distribute any remaining Vested amounts credited to the accounts of a deceased Former Participant to such Former Participant's Beneficiary. 

(c)             The Administrator may require such proper proof of death and such evidence of the right of any person to receive payment of the value of the account of a deceased Participant or Former Participant as the Administrator may deem desirable. The Administrator's determination of death and of the right of any person to receive payment shall be conclusive. 

(d)             The Beneficiary of the death benefit payable pursuant to this Section shall be the Participant's spouse. Except, however, the Participant may designate a Beneficiary other than the spouse if: 

(1)             the spouse has waived the right to be the Participant's Beneficiary, or 

(2)             the Participant is legally separated or has been abandoned (within the meaning of local law) and the Participant has a court order to such effect (and there is no "qualified domestic relations order" as defined in Code Section 414(p) which provides otherwise), or 

(3)             the Participant has no spouse, or 

(4)             the spouse cannot be located. 

In such event, the designation of a Beneficiary shall be made on a form satisfactory to the Administrator. A Participant may at any time revoke a designation of a Beneficiary or change a Beneficiary by filing written (or in such other form as permitted by the Internal Revenue Service) notice of such revocation or change with the Administrator. However, the Participant's spouse must again consent in writing (or in such other form as permitted by the Internal Revenue Service) to any change in Beneficiary unless the original consent acknowledged that the spouse had the right to limit consent only to a specific Beneficiary and that the spouse voluntarily elected to relinquish such right.

(e)           In the event no valid designation of Beneficiary exists, or if the Beneficiary is not alive at the time of the Participant's death, the death benefit will be paid in the following order of priority to:

(1)             the Participant's surviving spouse; 

(2)             the Participant's children, including adopted children, per stirpes; 

(3)             the Participant's surviving parents in equal shares; or the Participant's estate. 

If the Beneficiary does not predecease the Participant, but dies prior to distribution of the death benefit, the death benefit will be paid to the Beneficiary's designated Beneficiary (or if there is no designated Beneficiary, to the Beneficiary's) estate.

(f)              Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, if a Participant has designated the spouse as a Beneficiary, then a divorce decree or a legal separation that relates to such spouse shall revoke the Participant's designation of the spouse as a Beneficiary unless the decree or a qualified domestic relations order (within the meaning of Code Section 414(p)) provides otherwise. 

(g)             Any consent by the Participant's spouse to waive any rights to the death benefit must be in writing (or in such other form as permitted by the Internal Revenue Service), must acknowledge the effect of such waiver, and be witnessed by a Plan representative or a notary public. Further, the spouse's consent must be irrevocable and must acknowledge the specific nonspouse Beneficiary. 

7.3 
 DETERMINATION OF BENEFITS IN EVENT OF DISABILITY 

In the event of a Participant's Total and Permanent Disability prior to the Participant's termination of employment, all amounts credited to such Participant's Account shall become fully Vested. In the event of a Participant's Total and Permanent Disability, the Administrator, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 7.5 and 7.6, shall direct the distribution to such Participant of all Vested amounts credited to such Participant's Account. If such Participant elects, distribution shall commence not later than one (1) year after the close of the Plan Year in which Total and Permanent Disability occurs.

7.4 
 DETERMINATION OF BENEFITS UPON TERMINATION 

(a)             If a Participant's employment with the Employer is terminated for any reason other than death, Total and Permanent Disability or Retirement, then such Participant shall be entitled to such benefits as are provided hereinafter pursuant to this Section 7.4. 

If a portion of a Participant's Account is forfeited, Company Stock allocated to the Participant's Company Stock Account must be forfeited only after the Participant's Other Investments Account has been depleted. If interest in more than one class of Company Stock has been allocated to a Participant's Account, the Participant must be treated as forfeiting the same proportion of each such class.

Distribution of the funds due to a Terminated Participant shall be made on the occurrence of an event which would result in the distribution had the Terminated Participant remained in the employ of the Employer (upon the Participant's death, Total and Permanent Disability or Normal Retirement). However, at the election of the Participant, the Administrator shall direct the Trustee that the entire Vested portion of the Terminated Participant's Account to be payable to such Terminated Participant as soon as administratively feasible after termination of employment. Distribution to a Participant shall not include any Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan until the close of the Plan Year in which such loan is repaid in full. Any distribution under this paragraph shall be made in a manner which is consistent with and satisfies the provisions of Section 7.5 and 7.6, including, but not limited to, all notice and consent requirements of Code Section 411(a)(11) and the Regulations thereunder.

For purposes of this Section 7.4, if the value of a Terminated Participant's Vested benefit is zero, the Terminated Participant shall be deemed to have received a distribution of such Vested benefit.

(b)             The Vested portion of any Participant's Account shall be a percentage of the total amount credited to the Participant's Account determined on the basis of the Participant's number of Years of Service according to the following schedule: 

(c)             Notwithstanding the above, Company Stock allocated to each Participant's Company Stock Account pursuant to Section 4.3(e) must be forfeited only after other assets. 

(d)              Notwithstanding the vesting schedule above, the Vested percentage of a Participant's Account shall not be less than the Vested percentage attained as of the later of the   e  ffective date or adoption date of this amendment and restatement.  

(e)             Notwithstanding the vesting schedule above, upon the complete discontinuance of the Employer contributions to the Plan or upon any full or partial termination of the Plan, all amounts then credited to the account of any affected Participant shall become 100% Vested and shall not thereafter be subject to Forfeiture. 

(f)             A Participant with at least three (3) Years of Service as of the expiration date of the election period may elect to have the nonforfeitable percentage computed under the Plan without regard to such amendment and restatement. If a Participant fails to make such election, then such Participant shall be subject to the new vesting schedule. The Participant's election period shall commence on the adoption date of the amendment and shall end 60 days after the latest of: 

(1)             the adoption date of the amendment, 

(2)             the effective date of the amendment, or 

(3)             the date the Participant receives written notice of the amendment  from the Employer or Administrator. 

(g)              The computation of a Participant's nonforfeitable percentage of such Participant's interest in the Plan shall not be reduced as the result of any direct or indirect amendment to this Plan. In the event that the Plan is amended to change or modify any vesting schedule, or if the Plan is amended in any way that directly or indirectly affects the computation of the Participant's nonforfeitable percentage, or if the Plan is deemed amended by an automatic change to a top heavy vesting schedule, then each Participant with at least three (3) Years of Service as of the expiration date of the election period may elect to have such Participant's nonforfeitable percentage computed under the Plan without regard to such amendment or change. If a   Participant fails to make such election, then such Participant shall be subject to the new vesting schedule  .   The Participant's election period shall commence on the adoption date of the amendment and shall end sixty (60) days (or as soon as practicable) after the latest of:  

(1)           the adoption date of the amendment,

(2)           the effective date of the amendment, or

(3)             the date the Participant receives written notice of the amendment from the Employer or Administrator. 

(h)             In determining Years of Service for purposes of vesting under the Plan, Years of Service prior to the vesting computation period in which an Employee attains age eighteen shall be excluded. 

7.5 
 DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS 

(a)             The Administrator, pursuant to the election of the Participant following his termination of service, shall direct the Trustee to distribute to a Participant or such Participant's Beneficiary any amount, subject to Section 7.5(b), at the time and manner determined by the Company.  The Company shall establish a written benefit distribution policy, which may be modified from time to time, and shall apply such policy to Participants in a nondiscriminatory manner. 

(b)             If a Participant's service terminates for any reason other than death, disability, or retirement on or after his Normal Retirement Date, distribution of his Company Stock Account shall commence not later than the sixth Plan Year following the Plan Year in which his service terminates (unless he is reemployed by the Employer).  Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.5(h), if his Company  Stock Account holds Company Stock acquired with an Exempt Loan still outstanding, the Company may elect to defer the distribution of any portion of his Company Stock Account until the Plan Year following the Plan Year in which the Exempt Loan has been fully repaid. 

(c)             Unless the Participant  elects in writing (or such other form as permitted by the Internal Revenue  Service) a longer distribution period, distributions to a Participant or the Participant's  Beneficiary attributable to Company Stock shall be in substantially equal monthly, quarterly, semiannual, or annual installments  over a period not longer than five (5) years. In the case of a Participant with an account balance attributable to Company Stock in excess of $985,000, the five (5) year period shall be extended one (1) additional year (but not more than five (5) additional years) for each $195,000 or fraction thereof by which such balance exceeds $985,000. The dollar limits shall be adjusted at the same time and in the same manner as provided in Code Section 415(d). 

(d)             Effective with respect to distributions made on or after March 28, 2005, a distribution to a Participant who has a benefit which exceeds $1,000, shall require such Participant s written (or in such other form as permitted by the Internal Revenue Service) consent if such distribution is to commence  prior to the time the benefit is "immediately distributable." A benefit is "immediately distributable" if any part of the benefit could be distributed to the Participant (or surviving spouse) before the Participant attains (or would have attained if not deceased) the later of the Participant's Normal Retirement Age or age 62. With regard to this required consent: 

(1)             The Participant must be informed of the right to defer receipt of the distribution. If a Participant fails to consent, it shall be deemed an election to defer the commencement of payment of any benefit. However, any election to defer the receipt of benefits shall not apply with respect to distributions which are required under Section 7.7. 

(2)             Notice of the rights specified under this paragraph shall be provided no less than thirty (30) days and no more than ninety (90) days before the date the distribution commences. 

(3)             Written (or such other form as permitted by the Internal Revenue Service) consent of the Participant to the distribution must not be made before the Participant receives the notice and must not be made more than ninety (90) days before the date the distribution commences. 

(4)             No consent shall be valid if a significant detriment is imposed under the Plan on any Participant who does not consent to the distribution. 

Any such distribution may commence less than thirty (30) days after the notice required under Regulation 1.411(a)-11(c) is given, provided that: (1} the Administrator clearly informs the Participant that the Participant has a right to a period of at least thirty (30) days after receiving the notice to consider the decision of whether or not to elect a distribution (and, if applicable, a particular distribution option), and (2) the Participant, after receiving the notice, affirmatively elects a distributio  n  . 

(e)           Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrator may direct that cash div  i  dends on shares of Company Stock allocable to Participants' Company Stock Accounts be  : 

(1)             Paid by the Employer directly in cash to the Participants in the Plan or their Beneficiaries. 

(2)             Paid to the Plan and distributed in cash to Participants in the Plan or their Beneficiaries no later than ninety (90) days after the close of the Plan Year in which paid. 

(3)             Used to make payments on an Exempt Loan the proceeds of which were used to acquire Company Stock (whether or not allocated to Participants' Company Stock Accounts) with respect to which the cash dividend is paid. 

(4)             Allocated to Participants' Other Investment Accounts. 

(f)              Any part of a Participant's benefit which is retained in the Plan after the Anniversary Date on which the Participant's participation ends will continue to be treated as a Company Stock Account or as an Other Investments Account (subject to Section 7.4(a)) as provided in Article IV. However, neither account will be credited with any further Employer contributions or Forfeitures. 

(g)             Required minimum distributions (Code Section 401(a)(9)).Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, the distribution of a Participant's benefits, whether under the Plan or through the purchase of a Contract, shall be made in accordance with the requirements of Section 7.7. 

(h)             Except as limited by Sections 7.5 and 7.6, whenever the Trustee is to make a distribution or to commence a series of payments, the distribution or series of payments may be made or begun on such date or as soon thereafter as is practicable. However, unless a Former Participant elects in writing to defer the receipt of benefits (such election may not result in a death benefit that is more than incidental), the payment of benefits shall commence not later than the sixtieth (60th) day after the close of the Plan Year in which the last of the following events occurs: 

(1)             the date on which the Participant attains the earlier of age 65 or the  Normal Retirement Age specified herein;

(2)             the tenth (10th) anniversary of the year in which the Participant commenced participation in the Plan; or 

(3)             the date the Participant terminates his service with the Employer. 

(i)              If a distribution is made to a Participant who has not severed employment and who is not fully Vested in the Participant's Account and the Participant may increase the Vested percentage in such account, then, at any relevant time the Participant's Vested portion of the account will be equal to an amount ("X") determined by the formula: 

X equals P(AB plus D) - D

For purposes of applying the formula: P is the Vested percentage at the relevant time, AB is the account balance at the relevant time, and D is the amount of distribution.

(j)               For any distribution notice issued in Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2006, any reference to the 90-day maximum notice period prior to distribution in applying the notice requirements of Code   402(f) (the rollover notice), 411(a)(11) (Participant's consent to distribution), and 417 (notice under the joint and survivor annuity rules) will become 180 days. For any distribution notice issued in Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2006, the description of a Participant's right, if any, to defer receipt of a distribution also will describe the consequences of failing to defer receipt of the distribution. For notices issued before the 90  th   day after the issuance of Treasury regulations (unless future Interna  l   Revenue Service guidance otherwise requires), the notice will include: (i) a description   i  ndicating the investment options available under the Plan (including fees) that will be available   i  f the Participant defers distribution; and (ii) the portion of the summary plan description that contains any special rules that might affect materially a Participant's decision to defer.  

7.6 
 HOW PLAN BENEFITS WILL BE DISTRIBUTED 

(a)              Distribution of a Participant's benefit may be made in cash or Company Stock or both, provided, however, that   if   a Participant or Beneficiary so demands  ,   such benefit (other than Company Stock reinvested pursuant to Section 4  .  5(d)) sha  ll   be distribu  t  ed only in the form of Company Stock. Prior to making a distribution of benefi  t  s  ,   the Administrato  r   shall advise the Participant or the Participant's Beneficiary, in writing (or such other form as permitted by the Internal Revenue Service), of the right to demand that benefits be distributed solely in Company Stock.  

(b}            If a Participant or Beneficiary demands that benefits, except as provided above, be distributed solely in Company Stock, distribution of a Participant's benefit will be made entirely in whole shares or other units of Company Stock. Any balance in a Participant's Other Investments Account will be applied to acquire for distribution the maximum number of whole shares or other units of Company Stock at the then fair market value. Any fractional unit value unexpended will be distributed in cash. If Company Stock is not available for purchase by the Trustee, then the Trustee shall hold such balance until Company Stock is acquired and then make such distribution, subject to Sections 7.5(g) and 7.7. 

(c)            The Trustee will make distribution from the Trust only on instructions from the Administrator. 

(d)            Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if the Employer charter or by-laws restrict ownership of substantially all shares of Company Stock to Employees and the Trust Fund, as described in Code Section 409(h){2){B)(ii)(l),  then the Administrator shall distribute a Participant's Account entirely in cash without granting the Participant the right to demand distribution in shares of Company Stock. 

(e)              Except as otherwise provided herein, Company Stock distributed by the Trustee may be restricted as to sale or transfer by the by-laws or articles of incorporation of the Employer, provided restrictions are applicable to all Company Stock of the same class. If a Participant is required to offer the sale of Company Stock to the Employer before offering to sell Company Stock to a third party, in no event may the Employer pay a price less than that offered to the distributee by another potential buyer making a bona fide offer and in no event shall the Trustee pay a price less than the fair market value of the Company Stock  .  

(f)              If Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan (described in Section 5.4 hereof) is available for distribution and consists of more than one class, a Participant or the Participant's Beneficiary must receive substantially the same proportion of each such class. 

7.7 
 REQUIRED MINIMUM DISTRIBUTIONS 

(a)           General Rules

{1)            Effective Date. The provisions of this Section will apply for purposes of determining required minimum distributions for calendar years beginning with the 2002 calendar year. 

(2)              Precedence. The requirements of this Section will take precedence over any inconsistent provisions of the Plan  .  

(3)             Requirements of Treasury Regulations Incorporated. All distributions required under this Section will be determined and made in accordance with the Regulations under Code Section 401(a)(9). 

(4)              TEFRA Section 242(b)(2) Elections. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section and the Plan, distributions may be made under a designation made before January 1, 1984, in accordance with Section 242(b)(2) of the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act (TEFRA) and the provisions of the Plan that relate to Section   242(b)(2) of TEFRA.  

(b)            Time and Manner of Distribution 

(1)             Required Beginning Date. The Participant's entire interest will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, to the Participant no later than the Participant's required beginning date. 

(2)             Death of Participant Before Distributions Begin. If the Participant dies before distributions begin, the Participant's entire interest will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, no later than as follows as elected by the Participant or the Participant's designated beneficiary: 

(i)             If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole designated beneficiary, then, except as otherwise provided herein, distributions to the surviving spouse will begin by December 31st of the calendar year immediately  following the calendar year in which the Participant died, or by  December 31st of the calendar year in which the Participant would have attained age 70 1/2, if later.

(ii)            If the Participant or the Participant's  designated beneficiary so elects, or if the Participant's  surviving spouse is not the Participant's sole designated beneficiary, then, except as provided in Section 7.7(b){3) below, distributions  to the designated  beneficiary  will begin by December 31st of the calendar  year Immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant died. 

(iii)           If the Participant or the Participant's designated beneficiary so elects, or if there is no designated beneficiary as of September 30th of the year following the year of the Participant's death, the Participant's entire interest will be distributed by December 31st of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death. 

(iv)          Participants or Beneficiaries may elect on an individual basis whether the 5-year rule (described in (iii) above) or the life expectancy rule (described in (i) and (ii) above) applies to distributions after the death of a Participant who has a designated Beneficiary. The election must be made no later than the earlier of September 30th of the calendar year in which distribution 

would be required to begin under this Section otherwise, or by September 30th of the calendar  year which contains the fifth anniversary of the Participant's (or, if applicable, surviving  spouse's) death.

(v)           If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole designated  beneficiary and the surviving spouse dies after the Participant but before distributions to the surviving spouse begin, this Section 7.7(b)(2), other than Section 7.7(b)(2)(i), will apply as if the surviving spouse were the Participant. 

For purposes of this Section 7.7(b)(2)  and Section 7.7(b)(3) unless Section 7.7(b)(2)(v) applies,  distributions  are considered to begin on the Participant's required beginning date. If Section 7.7(b)(2)(v) applies, distributions  are considered  to begin on the date distributions are required  to begin to the surviving  spouse under Section 7.7(b)(2)(i).

(3)          Forms of Distribution.  Unless the Participant's interest is distributed in a single sum on or before the required beginning date, as of the first distribution calendar year distributions will be made in accordance with Sections 7.7(c) and 7.7(d).

(c)            Required minimum distributions during Participant's lifetime 

(1)            Amount of Required Minimum Distribution For Each Distribution Calendar Year. During the Participant's lifetime, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year is the lesser of: 

(i)             the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's account balance by the distribution period in the Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in Regulation Section 1.401(a)(9)-9, Q A-2, using the Participant's age as of the Participant's birthday in the distribution calendar year; or 

(ii)            if the Participant's sole designated beneficiary for the distribution calendar year is the Participant's spouse, the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's account balance by the number in the Joint and Last Survivor Table set forth in Regulation Section 1.401(a)(9)-9, Q A-3, using the Participant's and spouse's attained ages as of the Participant's and spouse's birthdays in the distribution calendar year. 

(2)             Lifetime Required Minimum Distributions Continue Through Year of Participant's Death. Required minimum distributions will be determined under this Section 7.7(c) beginning with the first distribution calendar year and up to and including the distribution calendar year that includes the Participant's date of death. 

(d)            Required minimum distributions after Participant's death 

(1)              Death On or After Date Distributions Begin  .  

(i)             Participant Survived by designated beneficiary. If the Participant dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is a designated beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant's death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's account balance by the longer of the remaining life expectancy of the Participant or the remaining life expectancy of the Participant's designated beneficiary, determined as follows: 

(A)       The Participant's remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age of the Participant in the year of death, reduced by one for each subsequent year.

(B)             If the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's  sole  designated beneficiary, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving spouse is calculated for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant's death using the surviving spouse's age as of the spouse's birthday in that year. For distribution calendar years after the year of the surviving spouse's death, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving spouse is   calculated using the age of the surviving spouse as of the spouse's birthday in the calendar year of the spouse's death, reduced by one for each subsequent calendar year.  

(C)            If the Participant's surviving spouse is not the Participant's sole designated beneficiary, the designated beneficiary's remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age of the beneficiary in the year following the year of the Participant's death, reduced by one for each subsequent year. 

(ii)            No designated beneficiary. If the Participant dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is no designated beneficiary as of September 30th of the year after the year of the Participant's  death, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant's  death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's account balance by the Participant's remaining  life expectancy calculated using the age of the Participant  in the year of death, reduced by one for each subsequent year. 

(2)             Death Before Date Distributions Begin. 

(i)             Participant Survived by designated beneficiary. Except as provided in Section 7.7(b)(3), if the Participant dies before the date distributions begin and there is a designated  beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar year after the year of the Participant's death is the quotient obtained by dividing the Participant's account balance by the remaining  life expectancy of the Participant's  designated beneficiary, determined as provided in Section 7.7(d)(1). 

(ii)            No designated beneficiary. If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin and there is no designated beneficiary as of September 30th of the year following the year of the Participant's death, distribution of the Participant's entire interest will be completed by December 31st of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant's death. 

(iii)          Death of Surviving Spouse Before Distributions to Surviving Spouse Are Required to Begin. If the Participant dies before the date distributions begin, the Participant's surviving spouse is the Participant's sole designated beneficiary, and the surviving spouse dies before distributions are required to begin to the surviving  spouse under Section 7.7(b)(2)(i), this Section 7.7(d)(2) will apply as if the surviving spouse were the Participant. 

(e)             Definitions.  For purposes of this Section, the following definitions apply: 

(1)             "Designated beneficiary'' means the individual who is designated as the Beneficiary under the Plan and is the designated beneficiary under Code Section 401(a)(9} and Regulation Section 1.401{a)(9)-1, Q A-4. 

(2)              "Distribution calendar year'' means a calendar year for which a minimum distribution is required.  For distributions beginning before the Participant's death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year which contains the Participant's "Required  beginning date." For distributions beginning   after the Participant's death, the first distribution calendar year is the calendar year in which distributions are required to begin under Section 7.7(b). The required minimum distribution for the Participant's first distribution calendar year will be made on or before the Participant's "Required beginning date." The required minimum distribution for other distribution calendar years, including the required minimum distribution for the distribution calendar year in which the Participant's "Required beginning date" occurs, will be made on or before December 31st of that distribution calendar year.  

(3)              "Life expectancy" means the life expectancy as computed by use of the Single Life Table in Regulation Section 1.401(a)(9)-9  .  

(4)             "Participant's account balance" means the Participant's account balance as of the last valuation date in the calendar year immediately preceding the "Distribution calendar year" (valuation calendar year) increased by the amount of any contributions made and allocated or Forfeitures allocated to the account balance as of the dates in the valuation calendar year after the valuation date and decreased by distributions made in the valuation calendar year after the valuation date. The account balance for the valuation calendar year includes any amounts rolled over or transferred to the Plan either in the valuation calendar year or in the "Distribution calendar year" if distributed or transferred in the valuation calendar year. 

(5)             "Required beginning date" means, with respect to any Participant, April 1st of the calendar year following the later of the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70 1/2 or the calendar year in which the Participant retires, except that benefit distributions to a "5-percent owner" must commence by April 1st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70 1/2. 

(6)             "5-percent owner" means a Participant who is a 5-percent owner as defined in Code Section 416 at any time during the Plan Year ending with or within the calendar year in which such owner attains age 70 1/2. Once distributions have begun to a 5-percent owner under this Section they must continue to be distributed, even if the Participant ceases to be a 5-percent owner in a subsequent year. 

(f)               Notwithstanding the provisions of the Plan relating to required minimum distributions under Code  401(a)(9), a Participant or Beneficiary who would have been required to receive required minimum distributions for 2009 but for the enactment of Code  401(a)(9)(H) ("2009 RMDs"), and who would have satisfied that requirement by receiving distributions that are (1) equal to the 2009 RMDs or (2) one or more payments in a series of substantially equal distributions (that include the 2009 RMDs) made at least annually and expected to last for the life (or life expectancy) of the Participant, the joint lives (or joint life expectancy) of the Participant and the Participant's designated Beneficiary, or for a period of at least 10 years ("Extended 2009 RMDs"), will not receive those distributions for 2009 unless the Participant  or Beneficiary chooses to receive such distributions. Participants and Beneficiaries described in the preceding sentence will be given the opportunity to elect to receive the distributions described in the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Plan relating to   required minimum distributions under Code  401(a)(9), and solely for purposes of applying the direct rollover provisions of the Plan, certain additional distributions in 2009 will be treated as eligible rollover distributions.  

7.8 
 DISTRIBUTION FOR MINOR OR INCOMPETENT INDIVIDUAL 

In the event a distribution is to be made to a minor or incompetent individual, then the Administrator may direct that such distribution be paid to the legal guardian, or if none in the case of a minor Beneficiary, to a parent of such Beneficiary or a responsible adult with whom the Beneficiary maintains residence, or to the custodian for such Beneficiary under the Uniform Gift to Minors Act or Gift to Minors Act, if such is permitted by the laws of the state in which said Beneficiary resides. Such a payment to the legal guardian, custodian or parent of a minor or incompetent individual shall fully discharge the Trustee, Employer, and Plan from further liability on account thereof.

7.9 
 LOCATION OF PARTICIPANT OR BENEFICIARY UNKNOWN 

In the event that all, or any portion, of the distribution  payable to a Participant or Beneficiary hereunder shall, at the later of the Participant's  attainment of age 62 or Normal Retirement  Age, remain unpaid solely by reason of the inability of the Administrator, after sending a registered letter, return receipt requested, to the last known address, and after further diligent effort, to ascertain the whereabouts  of such Participant or Beneficiary, the amount so distributable  may either, at the discretion of the Administrator, treated as a Forfeiture or paid directly to an individual retirement  account described in Code Section 408(a) or individual retirement annuity described in Code Section 408(b) pursuant to the Plan. However, the foregoing shall also apply prior to the later of a Participant's attainment of age 62 or Normal Retirement Age if, pursuant to the terms of the Plan, a mandatory distribution may be made to the Participant without the Participant's consent and the amount of such distribution is not more than $1,000. In the event a Participant or Beneficiary is located subsequent to a Forfeiture, such benefit shall be restored, first from Forfeitures, if any, and then from an additional Employer contribution if necessary. However, regardless of the preceding, a benefit which is lost by reason of escheat under applicable  state law is not treated as a Forfeiture for purposes of this Section nor as an impermissible forfeiture under the Code.

(a)             If any Participant,  the Participant's  Beneficiary or any other person to whom shares of Company Stock are distributed from the Plan (the "Selling Participant") shall, at any time, desire to sell some or all of such shares (the "Offered Shares") to a third party (the "Third Party"), the Selling Participant  shall give written notice of such desire to the Employer and the Administrator, which notice shall contain the number of shares offered for sale, the proposed terms of the sale and the names and addresses  of both the Selling Participant and Third Party. Both the Trust Fund and the Employer shall each have the right of first refusal for a period of fourteen (14) days from the date the Selling Participant gives such written notice to the Employer and the Administrator (such fourteen (14) day period to run concurrently against the Trust Fund and the Employer)  to acquire the Offered Shares. As between the Trust Fund and the Employer, the Trust Fund shall have priority to acquire the shares pursuant to the right of first refusal. The selling price and terms shall be the same as offered by the Third Party. 

(b)              If the Trust Fund and the Employer do not exercise their right of first refusal within the required fourteen (14) day period provided  above, the Selling Participant shall have the right, at any time following the expiration  of such fourteen (14) day period, to dispose of the Offered Shares to the Third Party; provided, however, that (i) no disposition shall be made to the Third Party on terms more favorable to the Third Party than those set forth in the written notice delivered by the Selling Participant  above, and (ii) if such disposition shall not be made to a third   party on the terms offered to the Employer and the Trust Fund, the offered Shares shall again be subject to the right of first refusal set forth above.  

(c)             The closing pursuant to the exercise of the right of first refusal under Section 7.1O(a) above shall take place at such place agreed upon between the Administrator and the Selling Participant, but not later than ten (10) days after the Employer or the Trust Fund shall have notified the Selling Participant of the exercise of the right of first refusal. At such closing, the Selling Participant shall deliver certificates representing the Offered Shares duly endorsed in blank for transfer, or with stock powers attached duly executed in blank with all required transfer tax stamps attached or provided for, and the Employer or the Trust Fund shall deliver the purchase price, or an appropriate portion thereof, to the Selling Participant. 

(d)              Except as provided in this paragraph (d), no Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan complying with the requirements of Section 5.4 hereof shall be subject to a right of first refusal. Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan, which is distributed to a Participant or Beneficiary, shall be subject to the right of first refusal provided for in paragraph (a) of this Section only so long as the Company Stock is not publicly traded. The term "publicly traded" refers to a securities exchange registered under Section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f) or that is quoted on a system sponsored by a national securities association registered under Section 15A(b) of the Securities Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 780). In addition, in the case of Company Stock which was acquired with the proceeds of a loan described in Section 5.4, the selling price and other terms under the right must not be less favorable to the seller than the greater of the value of the security determined under Section 6.2, or the purchase price and other terms offered by a buyer (other than the Employer or the Trust Fund), making a good faith offer to purchase the security. The right of first refusal must lapse no later than fourteen (14) days after the security holder gives notice to the holder of the right that an offer by a third party to purchase the security has been made. The right of first refusal shall comply with the provisions of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Section, except to the extent those provisions may conflict with the provisions of this paragraph  .  

Certificates for shares distributed pursuant to the Plan shall contain the following legend: "The shares represented by this certificate are transferable only upon compliance with the terms of TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN AND TRUST effective as of January 1, 1989, which grants to Los Alamos National Bank a right of first refusal, a copy of said Plan being on file in the office of the Company."

(a)              If Company Stock which was not acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan is distributed to a Participant or Beneficiary (or Former Participant or the IRA or other vehicle of a Participant or Former Participant or Beneficiary) and such Company Stock is not readily tradable on an established securities market (within the meaning of Code Section 409(h)(1)(B)), a Participant has a right to require the Employer to repurchase the Company Stock distributed to such Participant under a fair valuation formula. Such Stock shall be subject to the provisions of Section 7.12(c)  .  

(b)             Company Stock which is acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt loan and which is not publicly traded when distributed, or if it is subject to a trading limitation when distributed, must be subject to a put option. For purposes of this paragraph, a "trading limitation" on a Company Stock is a restriction under any Federal or State securities law or any regulation thereunder, or an agreement (not prohibited by Section 7.13) affecting the Company Stock which would make the Company Stock not as freely tradable as stock not subject to such restriction. 

(c)              The put option must be exercisable only by a Participant, by the Participant's donees, or by a person (including an estate or its distributee) to whom the Company Stock passes by reason of a Participant's death  .   (Under this paragraph Participant or Former Participant means a Participant or Former Participant and the beneficiaries of the Participant or Former Participant under the Plan.) The put option must permit a Participant to put the Company Stock to the Employer. Under no circumstances may the put option bind the Plan. However, it shall grant the Plan an option to assume the rights and obligations of the Employer at the time that the put option is exercised. If it is known at the time a loan is made that Federal or State law will be violated by the Employer honoring such put option, the put option must permit the Company Stock to be put, in a manner consistent with such law, to a third party (e.g., an affiliate of the Employer or a shareholder other than the Plan) that has substantial net worth at the time the loan is made and whose net worth is reasonably expected to remain substantial.  

The put option shall commence as of the day following the date the Company Stock is distributed to the Former Participant and end sixty (60) days thereafter and if not exercised within such sixty (60) day period, an additional sixty (60) day option shall commence on the first day of the fifth month of the Plan Year next following the date the stock was distributed to the Former Participant (or such other sixty (60) day period as provided in Regulations). However, in the case of Company Stock that is publicly traded without restrictions when distributed but ceases to be so traded within either of the sixty (60) day periods described herein after distribution, the Employer must notify each holder of such Company Stock in writing on or before the tenth day after the date the Company Stock ceases to be so traded that for the remainder of the applicable sixty (60) day period the Company Stock is subject to the put option. The number of days between the tenth day and the date on which notice is actually given, if later than the tenth day, must be added to the duration of the put option. The notice must inform distributees of the term of the put options that they are to hold. The terms must satisfy the requirements of this paragraph.

The put option is exercised by the holder notifying the Employer in writing that the put option is being exercised; the notice shall state the name and address of the holder and the number of shares to be sold. The period during which a put option is exercisable does not include any time when a distributee is unable to exercise it because the party bound by the put option is prohibited from honoring it by applicable Federal or State law. The price at which a put option must be exercisable is the value of the Company Stock determined in accordance with Section 6.2. Payment under the put option involving a 'Total Distribution" shall be paid in substantially equal monthly, quarterly, semiannual or annual installments over a period certain beginning not later than thirty (30) days after the exercise of the put option and not extending beyond  five (5) years. The deferral of payment is reasonable if adequate security and a reasonable interest rate on the unpaid amounts are provided. The amount to be paid under the put option involving installment distributions must be paid not later than thirty (30) days after the exercise of the put option. Payment under a put option must not be restricted by the provisions of a loan or any other arrangement, including the terms of the Employer articles of incorporation, unless so required by applicable state law.

For purposes of this Section, "Total Distribution" means a distribution to a Participant or the Participant's Beneficiary within one (1) taxable year of the entire Vested Participant's Account.

(d)             An arrangement involving the Plan that creates a put option must not provide for the issuance of put options other than as provided under this Section. The Plan (and the Trust Fund) must not otherwise obligate itself to acquire Company Stock from a particular holder thereof at an indefinite time determined upon the happening of an event such as the death of the holder. 

7.13 
 NONTERMINABLE PROTECTIONS AND RIGHTS 

No Company Stock, except as provided in Section 7.11 and Section 7.12{b), acquired with the proceeds of a loan described in Section 5.4 hereof may be subject to a put, call, or other option, or buy-sell or similar arrangement when held by and when distributed from the Trust Fund, whether or not the Plan is then an ESOP. The protections and rights granted in this Section are nonterminable, and such protections and rights shall continue to exist under the terms of this Plan so long as any Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of a loan described in Section 5.4 hereof is held by the Trust Fund or by any Participant or other person for whose benefit such protections and rights have been created, and neither the repayment  of such loan nor the failure of the Plan to be an ESOP, nor an amendment of the Plan shall cause a termination of said protections and rights.

7.14 
 QUALIFIED DOMESTIC RELATIONS ORDER DISTRIBUTION 

All rights and benefits, including elections, provided to a Participant in this Plan shall be subject to the rights afforded to any "alternate payee" under a "qualified domestic relations order." Furthermore, a distribution to an "alternate payee" shall be permitted if such distribution is authorized by a "qualified domestic relations order," even if the affected Participant has not separated from service and has not reached the "earliest retirement age" under the Plan. For the purposes of this Section, "alternate payee," "qualified domestic relations order" and "earliest retirement age" shall have the meaning set forth under Code Section 414(p). Effective April 6, 2007, a domestic relations order that otherwise satisfies the requirements for a qualified domestic relations order ("QDRO") will not fail to be a QDRO: (i) solely because the order is issued after, or revises, another domestic relations order or QDRO; or (ii) solely because of the time at which the order is issued, including issuance after the annuity starting date or after the Participant's death. A domestic relations order described herein is subject to the same requirements and protections that apply to QDROs.

Nothing in this Article shall preclude the Administrator from making a distribution to a Participant to the extent such distribution is made to correct a qualification defect in accordance with the correction procedures under the IRS's Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System or any other voluntary compliance programs.

ARTICLE VIII- TRUSTEE

8.1 
 BASIC RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE TRUSTEE 

(a)              The Trustee shall have the following categories of responsibilities  :  

(1)             Consistent with the "funding policy and method" determined by the Employer, to invest, manage, and control the Plan assets subject, however, to the direction of a Participant with respect to Participant Directed Accounts, the Employer or an Investment Manager appointed by the Employer or any agent of the Employer; 

(2)             At the direction of the Administrator, to pay benefits required under the Plan to be paid to Participants, or, in the event of their death, to their Beneficiaries; and 

(3)             To maintain records of receipts and disbursements and furnish to the Employer and/or Administrator for each Plan Year a written annual report pursuant to Section 8.7. 

(b)            In the event that the Trustee shall be directed by a Participant (pursuant to the Participant Direction Procedures), or the Employer, an Investment Manager or other agent appointed by the Employer with respect to the investment of any or all Plan assets, the Trustee shall have no liability with respect to the investment of such assets, but shall be responsible only to execute such investment instructions as so directed. 

(1)             The Trustee shall be entitled to rely fully on the written (or other form acceptable to the Administrator and the Trustee, including, but not limited to, voice recorded) instructions of a Participant (pursuant to the Participant Direction Procedures), or the Employer, or any Fiduciary or nonfiduciary agent of the Employer, in the discharge of such duties, and shall not be liable for any loss or other liability, resulting from such direction (or lack of direction) of the investment of any part of the Plan assets. 

(2)             The Trustee may delegate the duty of executing such instructions to any nonfiduciary agent, which may be an affiliate of the Trustee or any Plan representative. 

(3)             The Trustee may refuse to comply with any direction from the Participant in the event the Trustee, in its sole and absolute discretion, deems such directions improper by virtue of applicable law. The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or expense which may result from the Trustee's refusal or failure to comply with any directions from the Participant. 

(4)             Any costs and expenses related to compliance with the Participant's directions shall be borne by the Participant's Directed Account, unless paid by the Employer. 

(c)             If there shall be more than one Trustee, they shall act by a majority of their number, but may authorize one or more of them to sign papers on their behalf. 

8.2 
 INVESTMENT POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE TRUSTEE 

(a)              The Trustee shall invest and reinvest the Trust Fund to keep the Trust Fund invested without distinction between principal and income and in such securities or property, real or personal, wherever situated, as the Trustee shall deem advisable, including, but not limited to, stocks, common or preferred, open-end or close-end mutual funds, bonds and other evidences of indebtedness or ownership, and real estate or any interest therein. The Trustee shall at all times in making investments of the Trust Fund consider, among other factors, the short and long-term financial needs of the Plan on the basis of information furnished by the   Employer. In making such investments, the Trustee shall not be restricted to securities or other property of the character expressly authorized by the applicable law for trust investments; however, the Trustee shall give due regard to any limitations imposed by the Code or the Act so that at all times the Plan may qualify as an Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust.  

(b)             The Trustee may employ a bank or trust company pursuant to the terms of its usual and customary bank agency agreement, under which the duties of such bank or trust company shall be of a custodial, clerical and record-keeping nature. 

(c)             The Trustee may transfer to a common, collective, pooled trust fund or money market fund maintained by any corporate Trustee or affiliate thereof hereunder, all or such part of the Trust Fund as the Trustee may deem advisable, and such part or all of the Trust Fund so transferred shall be subject to all the terms and provisions of the common, collective, pooled trust fund or money market fund which contemplate the commingling for investment purposes of such trust assets with trust assets of other trusts. The Trustee may transfer any part of the Trust Fund intended for temporary investment of cash balances to a money market fund maintained by Los Alamos National Bank Trust or its affiliates. The Trustee may withdraw from such common, collective, pooled trust fund or money market fund all or such part of the Trust Fund as the Trustee may deem advisable. 

(d)             In the event the Trustee invests any part of the Trust Fund, pursuant to the directions of the Administrator, in any shares of stock issued by the Employer, and the Administrator thereafter directs the Trustee to dispose of such investment, or any part thereof, under circumstances which, in the opinion of counsel for the Trustee, require registration of the securities under the Securities Act of 1933 and/or qualification of the securities under the Blue Sky laws of any state or states, then the Employer at its own expense, will take or cause to be taken any and all such action as may be necessary or appropriate to effect such registration and/or qualification. 

8.3 
 OTHER POWERS OF THE TRUSTEE 

The Trustee, in addition to all powers and authorities under common law, statutory authority, including the Act, and other provisions of the Plan, shall have the following powers and authorities, to be exercised in the Trustee's sole discretion:

(a)             To purchase, or subscribe for, any securities or other property and to retain the same. In conjunction with the purchase of securities, margin accounts may be opened and maintained; 

(b)             To sell, exchange, convey, transfer, grant options to purchase, or otherwise dispose of any securities or other property held by the Trustee, by private contract or at public auction. No person dealing with the Trustee shall be bound to see to the application of the purchase money or to inquire into the validity, expediency, or propriety of any such sale or other disposition, with or without advertisement; 

(c)              To vote upon any stocks, bonds, or other securities; to give general or special proxies or powers of attorney with or without power of substitution; to exercise any conversion privileges, subscription rights or other options, and to make any payments incidental thereto; to oppose, or to consent to, or otherwise participate in, corporate reorganizations or other changes affecting corporate securities, and to delegate discretionary powers, and to pay any assessments or charges in connection therewith; and generally to exercise any of the powers of   an owner with respect to stocks, bonds, securities, or other property. However, the Trustee shall not vote proxies relating to securities for which it has not been assigned full investment management responsibilities. In those cases where another party has such investment authority or discretion, the Trustee will deliver all proxies to said party who will then have full responsibility for voting those proxies;  

(d)             To cause any securities or other property to be registered in the Trustee's own name or in the name of a nominee  or in a street name provided such securities or other property are held on behalf of the Plan by (i) a bank or trust company, (ii) a broker or dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or a nominee of such broker or dealer, or (iii) a clearing agency as defined in Section 3(a)(23) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 

(e)             To borrow or raise money for the purposes  of the Plan in such amount, and upon such terms and conditions, as the Trustee shall deem advisable; and for any sum so borrowed, to issue a promissory note as Trustee, and to secure the repayment thereof by pledging all, or any part, of the Trust Fund; and no person lending money to the Trustee shall be bound to see to the application of the money lent or to inquire into the validity, expediency, or propriety of any borrowing; 

(f)              To keep such portion of the Trust Fund in cash or cash balances as the Trustee may, from time to time, deem to be in the best interests of the Plan, without liability for interest thereon; 

(g)             To accept and retain for such time as the Trustee may deem advisable any securities or other property received or acquired as Trustee hereunder, whether or not such securities or other property would normally be purchased as investments hereunder; 

(h)             To make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all documents of transfer and conveyance  and any and all other instruments that may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the powers herein granted; 

(i)              To settle, compromise, or submit to arbitration any claims, debts, or damages due or owing to or from the Plan, to commence or defend suits or legal or administrative proceedings, and to represent the Plan in all suits and legal and administrative proceedings; 

(j)              To employ suitable agents and counsel and to pay their reasonable expenses and compensation, and such agent or counsel may or may not be agent or counsel for the Employer; 

(k)             To apply for and procure from responsible insurance companies, to be selected by the Administrator, as an investment  of the Trust Fund such annuity, or other Contracts (on the life of any Participant)  as the Administrator  shall deem proper; to exercise, at any time or from time to time, whatever rights and privileges may be granted under such annuity, or other Contracts; to collect, receive,  and settle for the proceeds  of all such annuity or other Contracts as and when entitled to do so under the provisions thereof; 

(I)              To invest funds of the Trust in time deposits or savings accounts bearing a reasonable rate of interest or in cash or cash balances  without liability for interest thereon, including  the specific authority  to invest in any type of deposit of the Trustee (or of a financial institution related to a Trustee); 

(m)            To invest in Treasury Bills and other forms of United States government obligations; 

(n)             To invest in shares of investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, including any money market fund advised by or offered through Los Alamos National Bank Trust; 

(o)             To deposit monies in federally insured savings accounts or certificates of deposit in banks or savings and loan associations including the specific authority to make deposit into any savings accounts or certificates of deposit of the Trustee (or a financial institution related to the Trustee); 

(p)             To vote Company Stock as provided in Section 8.4; 

(q)             To consent to or otherwise participate in reorganizations, recapitalizations, consolidations, mergers and similar transactions with respect to Company Stock or any other securities and to pay any assessments or charges in connection therewith; 

(r)             To deposit such Company Stock (but only if such deposit does not violate the provisions of Section 8.4 hereof) or other securities in any voting trust, or with any protective or like committee, or with a trustee or with depositories designated thereby; 

(s)              To sell or exercise any options, subscription rights and   conversion   privileges and to make any payments incidental thereto;  

(t)              To exercise any of the powers of an owner, with respect to such Company Stock and other securities or other property comprising the Trust Fund. The Administrator, with the Trustee's approval, may authorize the Trustee to act on any administrative matter or class of matters with respect to which direction or instruction to the Trustee by the Administrator is called for hereunder without specific direction or other instruction from the Administrator; 

(u)             To appoint a nonfiduciary agent or agents to assist the Trustee in carrying out any investment instructions of any Investment Manager or Fiduciary, and to compensate such agent(s) from the assets of the Plan, to the extent not paid by the Employer; 

(v)             To sell, purchase and acquire put or call options if the options are traded on and purchased through a national securities exchange registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or, if the options are not traded on a national securities exchange, are guaranteed by a member firm of the New York Stock Exchange regardless of whether such options are covered; and 

(w)            To do all such acts and exercise all such rights and privileges, although not specifically mentioned herein, as the Trustee may deem necessary to carry out the purposes of the Plan. 

8.4 
 VOTING COMPANY STOCK 

The Trustee shall vote all Company Stock held by it as part of the Plan assets. Provided, however, that if any agreement entered into by the Trust provides for voting of any shares of Company Stock pledged as security for any obligation of the Plan, then such shares of Company Stock shall be voted in accordance with such agreement. If the Trustee does not   timely receive voting directions from a Participant or Beneficiary with respect to any Company Stock allocated to that Participant's or Beneficiary's Company Stock Account, the Trustee shall vote such Company Stock. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Employer has a registration-type  class of securities, each Participant or Beneficiary shall be entitled to direct the Trustee as to the manner in which the Company  Stock which is entitled to vote and which is allocated to the Company Stock Account of such Participant or Beneficiary is to be voted. If the Employer does not have a registration-type class of securities, each Participant or Beneficiary in the Plan shall be entitled to direct the Trustee as to the manner in which voting rights on shares of Company Stock which are allocated to the Company  Stock Account of such Participant  or Beneficiary are to be exercised with respect to any corporate matter which involves  the voting of such shares with respect to the approval or disapproval of any corporate merger or consolidation, recapitalization, reclassification, liquidation, dissolution, sale of substantially all assets of a trade or business, or such similar transaction as prescribed  in Regulations. For purposes of this Section the term "registration-type class of securities" means: (A) a class of securities required to be registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (B) a class of securities which would be required to be so registered except for the exemption from registration provided in subsection (g)(2)(H) of such Section 12.

If the Employer does not have a registration-type class of securities and the by-laws of the Employer require the Plan to vote an issue in a manner that reflects a one-man, one-vote philosophy, each Participant or Beneficiary shall be entitled to cast one vote on an issue and the Trustee shall vote the shares held by the Plan in proportion to the results of the votes cast on the issue by the Participants and Beneficiaries.

8.5 
 DUTIES OF THE TRUSTEE REGARDING PAYMENTS 

At the direction of the Administrator, the Trustee shall, from time to time, in accordance with the terms of the Plan, make payments out of the Trust Fund. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any way for the application of such payments.

8.6 
 TRUSTEE'S COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES AND TAXES 

The Trustee shall be paid such reasonable compensation as set forth in the Trustee's fee schedule (if the Trustee has such a schedule) or as agreed upon in writing by the Employer and the Trustee. However, an individual serving as Trustee who already receives full-time pay from the Employer shall not receive compensation from the Plan. In addition, the Trustee shall be reimbursed for any reasonable expenses, including reasonable counsel fees incurred by it as Trustee. Such compensation and expenses shall be paid from the Trust Fund unless paid or advanced by the Employer. All taxes of any kind whatsoever that may be levied or assessed under existing or future laws upon, or in respect of, the Trust Fund or the income thereof, shall be paid from the Trust Fund.

8.7 
 ANNUAL REPORT OF THE TRUSTEE 

(a)             Within a reasonable period of time after the later of the Anniversary Date or receipt  of the Employer contribution for each Plan Year, the Trustee, or its agent, shall furnish to the Employer and Administrator a written statement of account with respect to the Plan Year for which such contribution was made setting forth: 

(1)             the net income, or loss, of the Trust Fund; 

(2)              the gains  ,   or losses, realized by the Trust Fund upon sales or other disposition of the assets;  

(3)              the increase  ,   or decrease, in the value of the Trust Fund;  

(4)             all payments and distributions made from the Trust Fund; and 

(5)             such further information as the Trustee and/or Administrator deems appropriate. 

(b)              The Employer, promptly upon its receipt of each such statement of account, shall acknowledge receipt thereof in writing and advise the Trustee and/or Administrator of its approval or disapproval thereof. Failure by the Employer to disapprove any such statement of account within thirty (30) days after its receipt thereof shall be deemed an approval thereof. The approval by the Employer of any statement of account shall be binding on the Employer and the Trustee as to all matters contained in the statement to the same extent as if the account of the Trustee had been settled by judgment or decree in an action for a judicial settlement of its account in a court of competent jurisdiction in which the Trustee, the Employer and all persons having or claiming an interest in the Plan were parties. However, nothing contained in this Section shall deprive the Trustee of its right to have its      accounts judicially settled if the Trustee so desires.  

(a)             If an audit of the Plan's records shall be required by the Act and the regulations thereunder for any Plan Year, the Administrator shall direct the Trustee to engage on behalf of all Participants an independent qualified public accountant for that purpose. Such accountant shall, after an audit of the books and records of the Plan in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, within a reasonable period after the close of the Plan Year, furnish to the Administrator and the Trustee a report of the audit setting forth the accountant's opinion as to whether any statements, schedules or lists that are required by Act Section 103 or the Secretary of Labor to be filed with the Plan's annual report, are presented fairly in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied consistently. 

(b)             All auditing and accounting fees shall be an expense of and may, at the election of the Employer, be paid from the Trust Fund. 

(c)             If some or all of the information necessary to enable the Administrator to comply with Act Section 103 is maintained by a bank, insurance company, or similar institution, regulated, supervised, and subject to periodic examination by a state or federal agency, then it shall transmit and certify the accuracy of that information to the Administrator as provided in Act Section 103(b) within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of the Plan Year or by such other date as may be prescribed under regulations of the Secretary of Labor. 

8.9 
 RESIGNATION, REMOVAL AND SUCCESSION OF TRUSTEE 

(a)             Unless otherwise agreed to by both the Trustee and the Employer, a Trustee may resign at any time by delivering to the Employer, at least thirty (30) days before its effective date, a written notice of resignation. 

(b)             Unless otherwise agreed to by both the Trustee and the Employer, the Employer may remove a Trustee at any time by delivering to the Trustee, at least thirty (30) days before its effective date, a written notice of such Trustee's removal. 

(c)             Upon the death, resignation, incapacity, or removal of any Trustee, a successor may be appointed by the Employer; and such successor, upon accepting such appointment in writing and delivering same to the Employer, shall, without further act, become vested with all the powers and responsibilities of the predecessor as if such successor had been originally named as a Trustee herein. Until such a successor is appointed, the remaining Trustee or Trustees shall have full authority to act under the terms of the Plan. 

(d)              The Employer may designate one or more successors prior to the death, resignation, incapacity, or removal of a Trustee. In the event a successor is so designated by the Employer and accepts such designation, the successor shall, without further act, become vested with all the powers and responsibilities   of   the predecessor as   if   such successor had been named as Trustee herein immediately upon the death, resignation, incapacity, or removal of the predecessor.  

(e)              Whenever any Trustee hereunder ceases to serve as such, the Trustee shall furnish to the Employer and Administrator a written statement of account with respect to the portion of the Plan Year during which the individual or entity served as Trustee. This statement shall be either (i) included as part of the annual statement of account for the Plan Year required under Section 8.7 or (ii) set forth in a special statement. Any such special statement of account should be rendered to the Employer no later than the due date of the annual statement of account for the Plan Year. The procedures set forth in Section 8.7 for the approval by   the   Employer of annual statements of account shall apply to any special statement of account rendered hereunder and approval by the Employer of any such special statement in the manner provided in Section 8.7 shall have the same effect upon the statement as the Employer's approval of an annual statement of account.   No successor to   the   Trustee   shall have any duty or responsibility to investigate the acts or transactions   of any predecessor   who has rendered all statements of account required by Section 8.7   and this subparagraph.  

Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Plan, the Trustee at the direction of the Administrator shall transfer the Vested interest, if any, of a Participant to another trust forming part of a pension, profit sharing or stock bonus plan maintained by such Participant's new employer and represented by said employer in writing as meeting the requirements of Code Section 401(a), provided that the trust to which such transfers are made permits the transfer to be made.

The Employer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Trustee against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses and liabilities the Trustee may incur in the exercise and performance of the Trustee's power and duties hereunder, unless the same are determined to be due to gross negligence or willful misconduct.

(a)             Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary that would otherwise limit a "distributee's" election under this Section, a "distributee" may elect, at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Administrator, to have any portion of an "eligible rollover distribution" that is equal to at least $500 paid directly to an "eligible retirement plan" specified by the "distributee" in a "direct rollover." 

(b)             For purposes of this Section the following definitions shall apply: 

(1)            An "eligible rollover  distribution" is any distribution of all or any portion of the balance to the credit of the "distributee," except  that an "eligible  rollover  distribution" does not include: any distribution that is one of a series  of substantially equal periodic payments (not less frequently than annually)  made for the life (or life expectancy) of the "distributee" or the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the "distributee';and the "distributee's" designated beneficiary, or for a specified period of ten years or more; any distribution to the extent such distribution is required  under Code Section  401(a)(9); the portion of any other distribution that is not includible in gross income (determined without regard to the exclusion for net unrealized appreciation with respect  to employer securities); any hardship distribution described in Code Section  401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV); and any other distribution that is reasonably expected  to total less than $200 during  a year. 

(2}            An "eligible retirement plan" is an individual retirement account described in Code Section 408(a), an individual retirement annuity described in Code Section 408(b), (other  than an endowment contract), a qualified trust (an employees' trust) described in Code Section 401(a) which is exempt from tax under  Code Section 501(a), an annuity plan described in Code Section 403(a), an eligible  deferred compensation plan described in Code Section  457(b) which is maintained by an eligible employer described in Code Section  457(e)(1)(A), and an annuity contract described in Code Section 403(b), that accepts the "distributee's" "eligible rollover  distribution." However, in the case of an "eligible rollover distribution" to the surviving spouse, an "eligible retirement plan" is an individual retirement account or individual retirement annuity. 

(3)              A "distributee" includes an Employee or former Employee. In addition, the Employee's or former Employee's surviving  spouse and the Employee's or fom1er Employee's spouse  or former spouse  who is the alternate payee under a qualified domestic  relations  order, as defined in Code Section  414(p), are "distributees" with regard to the interest of the spouse or former spouse  .  

(4)              A "direct rollover" is a payment by the Plan to the "eligible retirement plan" specified by the "distributee  .  "  

(c)              A non-spouse beneficiary may elect a direct rollover to an IRA of the non-spouse beneficiary. For distributions after December 31, 2009, a non-spouse beneficiary who is a "designated beneficiary" under Code  401(a)(9)(E) and the regulations thereunder, by a direct trustee-to-trustee transfer ("direct rollover"), may roll over all or any portion of his or her distribution to an individual retirement account  the beneficiary establishes for purposes of receiving the distribution. In order to be able to roll over the distribution, the distribution otherwise must satisfy the definition of an eligible rollover distribution. Although a non-spouse beneficiary may roll over directly  a distribution as provided herein,  any distribution made prior to   January 1, 2010 is not subject to the direct rollover requirements of Code  401(a)(31) (including Code  401(aX31)(B), the notice requirements of Code  402(f) or the mandatory withholding requirements of Code  3405(c)). If a non-spouse beneficiary receives a distribution from the Plan, the distribution is not eligible for a "60-day" rollover. A non-spouse beneficiary may not roll over an amount which is a required minimum distribution, as determined under applicable Treasury regulations and other Revenue Service guidance. If the Participant dies before his or her required beginning date and the non-spouse beneficiary rolls over to an IRA the maximum amount eligible for rollover, the beneficiary may elect to use either the 5-year rule or the life expectancy rule, pursuant to Treas. Reg.  1.401(a)(9)-3, A-4(c), in determining the required minimum distributions from the IRA that receives the non-spouse beneficiary's distribution.  

(d)             If the Participant's named beneficiary is a trust, the Plan may make a direct rollover to an individual retirement account on behalf of the trust, provided the trust satisfies the requirements to be a designated beneficiary within the meaning of Code  401(a)(9)(E). 

(e)             For distributions made after December 31, 2007, a participant may elect to roll over directly an eligible rollover distribution to a Roth IRA described in Code  408A(b). 

ARTICLE IX- AMENDMENT, TERMINATION AND MERGERS

(a)             The Employer shall have the right at any time to amend this Plan subject to the limitations of this Section. However, any amendment which affects the rights, duties or responsibilities of the Trustee or Administrator, may only be made with the Trustee's or Administrator's written consent. Any such amendment shall become effective as provided therein upon its execution. The Trustee shall not be required to execute any such amendment unless the amendment affects the duties of the Trustee hereunder. 

(b)             No amendment to the Plan shall be effective if it authorizes or permits any part of the Trust Fund (other than such part as is required to pay taxes and administration expenses) to be used for or diverted to any purpose other than for the exclusive benefit of the Participants or their Beneficiaries or estates; or causes any reduction in the amount credited to the account of any Participant; or causes or permits any portion of the Trust Fund to revert to or become property of the Employer. 

(c)              Except as permitted by Regulations (including Regulation 1  .  411(d)-4) or other IRS guidance, no Plan amendment or transaction having the effect of a Plan amendment (such as a merger, plan transfer or similar transaction) shall be effective if it eliminates or reduces any "Section 411(d)(6) protected benefit" or adds or modifies conditions relating to "Section 411(d)(6) protected benefits" which results in a further restriction on such benefit unless such "Section 411(d)(6) protected benefits" are preserved with respect to benefits accrued as of the later of the adoption date or effective date of the amendment. "Section 411(d)(6) protected benefits" are benefits described in Code Section 411(d)(6)(A), early retirement benefits and retirement-type subsidies, and optional forms of benefit.  

(a)             The Employer shall have the right at any time to terminate the Plan by delivering to the Trustee and Administrator written notice of such termination. Upon any full or partial termination, all amounts credited to the affected Participants' Accounts shall become 100% 

Vested as provided in Section 7.4 and shall not thereafter be subject to forfeiture, and all unallocated amounts (other than the Unallocated Suspense Account), including Forfeitures, shall be allocated to the accounts of all Participants in accordance with the provisions hereof.

(b)             Upon the full termination of the Plan, the Employer shall direct the distribution of the assets of the Trust Fund to Participants in a manner which is consistent with and satisfies the provisions of Sections 7.5 and 7.6. Except as permitted by Regulations, the termination of the Plan shall not result in the reduction of "Section 411(d)(6) protected benefits" in accordance with Section 9.1(c). 

9.3 
 MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR TRANSFER OF ASSETS 

This Plan and Trust may be merged or consolidated with, or its assets and/or liabilities may be transferred to any other plan and trust only if the benefits which would be received by a Participant of this Plan, in the event of a termination of the Plan immediately after such transfer, merger or consolidation, are at least equal to the benefits the Participant would have received if the Plan had terminated immediately before the transfer, merger or consolidation, and such transfer, merger or consolidation does not otherwise result in the elimination or reduction of any "Section 411(d)(6) protected benefits" in accordance with Section 9.1(c).

ARTICLE X- TOP HEAVY

For any Top Heavy Plan Year, the Plan shall provide the special vesting requirements of Code Section 416(b) pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Plan and the special minimum allocation requirements of Code Section 416(c) pursuant to Section 4.3 of the Plan.

10.2 
 DETERMINATION OF TOP HEAVY STATUS 

(a)             This Plan shall be a Top Heavy Plan for any Plan Year in which, as of the "determination date," (1) the Present Value of Accrued Benefits of Key Employees and (2) the sum of the Aggregate Accounts of Key Employees under this Plan and all plans of an Aggregation Group, exceeds sixty percent (60%) of the Present Value of Accrued Benefits and the Aggregate Accounts of all Key and Non-Key Employees under this Plan and all plans of an Aggregation Group. 

If any Participant is a Non-Key Employee for any Plan Year, but such Participant was a Key Employee for any prior Plan Year, such Participant's Present Value of Accrued Benefit and/or Aggregate Account balance shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining whether this Plan is a Top Heavy Plan (or whether any Aggregation Group which includes this Plan is a Top Heavy Group). In addition, if a Participant or Former Participant has not performed any services for any Employer maintaining the Plan at any time during the one-year period ending on the "determination date," any accrued benefit for such Participant or Former Participant shall not be taken into account for the purposes of determining whether this Plan is a Top Heavy Plan.

(b)             Aggregate Account: A Participant's Aggregate Account as of the "determination date" is the sum of: 

(1)              the Participant's Account balance as of the most recent valuation  occurring within a twelve (12) month period ending on the "determination date." However, with respect to Employees not performing services for the Employer during the year ending on the "determination date," the Participant's Account balance as of the   most recent valuation occurring within a twelve (12) month period ending on the   "determination date" shall not be taken into account for purposes of this Section.  

(2)             an adjustment for any contributions due as of the "determination date." Such adjustment shall be the amount of any contributions actually made after the Valuation Date but due on or before the "determination date," except for the first Plan Year when such adjustment shall also reflect the amount of any contributions made after the "determination date" that are allocated as of a date in that first Plan Year. 

(3)             any Plan distributions made within the Plan Year that includes the "determination date" or, with respect to distributions made for a reason other than severance from employment, disability or death, within the five (5) preceding Plan Years. The preceding sentence shall also apply to distributions under a terminated plan which, had it not been terminated, would have been aggregated with the Plan under Code Section 416(g)(2)(A)(i). In the case of distributions made after the Valuation Date and prior to the "determination date," such distributions are not included as distributions for top heavy purposes to the extent that such distributions are already included in the Participant's Aggregate Account balance as of the Valuation Date. 

(4)           any Employee contributions, whether voluntary or mandatory. However, amounts attributable to tax deductible qualified voluntary employee contributions shall not be considered to be a part of the Participant's Aggregate Account balance.

(5)             with respect to unrelated rollovers and plan-to-plan transfers (ones which are both initiated by the Employee and made from a plan maintained by one employer to a plan maintained by another employer), if this Plan provides the rollovers or plan-to-plan transfers, it shall always consider such rollovers or plan-to-plan transfers as a distribution for the purposes of this Section. If this Plan is the plan accepting such rollovers or plan-to-plan transfers, it shall not consider such rollovers or plan-to-plan transfers as part of the Participant's Aggregate Account balance. 

(6)             with respect to related rollovers and plan-to-plan transfers (ones either not initiated by the Employee or made to a plan maintained by the same employer), if this Plan provides the rollover or plan-to-plan transfer, it shall not be counted as a distribution for purposes of this Section. If this Plan is the plan accepting such rollover or plan-to-plan transfer, it shall consider such rollover or plan-to-plan transfer as part of the Participant's Aggregate Account balance, irrespective of the date on which such rollover or plan-to-plan transfer is accepted. 

(7)             For the purposes of determining whether two employers are to be treated as the same employer in (5) and (6) above, all employers aggregated under Code Section 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) are treated as the same employer. 

(c)             "Aggregation Group" means either a Required Aggregation Group or a Permissive Aggregation Group as hereinafter determined. 

(1)             Required Aggregation Group: In determining a Required Aggregation Group hereunder, each plan of the Employer in which a Key Employee is a participant in the Plan Year containing the Determination Date or any of the four preceding Plan Years, and each other plan of the Employer which enables any plan in which a Key Employee participates to meet the requirements of Code Sections 401(aX4) or 410, will be required to be aggregated. Such group shall be known as a Required Aggregation Group. 

In the case of a Required Aggregation Group, each plan in the group will be considered a Top Heavy Plan if the Required Aggregation Group is a Top Heavy Group. No plan in the Required Aggregation Group will be considered a Top Heavy Plan if the Required Aggregation Group is not a Top Heavy Group.

(2)             Permissive Aggregation Group: The Employer may also include any other plan not required to be included in the Required Aggregation Group, provided the resulting group, taken as a whole, would continue to satisfy the provisions of Code Sections 401(a)(4) and 410. Such group shall be known as a Permissive Aggregation Group. 

In the case of a Permissive Aggregation Group, only a plan that is part of the Required  Aggregation Group will be considered a Top Heavy Plan if the Permissive Aggregation Group is a Top Heavy Group. No plan in the Permissive Aggregation Group will be considered a Top Heavy Plan if the Permissive Agg  r  egation Group is not a Top Heavy Group. 

(3)          Only those plans of the Employer in which the Determination Dates fall within the same calendar year shall be aggregated in order to determine whether such plans are Top Heavy Plans.

(4)            An Aggregation Group shall include any terminated plan of the Employer if it was maintained within the last five (5) years ending on the Determination Date. 

(d)             "Determination date" means (a) the last day of the preceding Plan Year, or (b) in the case of the first Plan Year, the last day of such Plan Year. 

(e)             Present Value of Accrued Benefit: In the case of a defined benefit plan, the Present Value of Accrued Benefit for a Participant other than a Key Employee, shall be as determined using the single accrual method used for all plans of the Employer and Affiliated Employers, or if no such single method exists, using a method which results in benefits accruing not more rapidly than the slowest accrual rate permitted under Code Section 411(b)(1)(C). The determination of the Present Value of Accrued Benefit shall be determined as of the most recent valuation date that falls within or ends with the 12-month period ending on the Determination Date except as provided in Code Section 416 and the Regulations thereunder for the first and second plan years of a defined benefit plan. 

(f)               "Top Heavy Group" means an Aggregation Group in which, as of the Determination Date  ,   the sum of:  

(1)             the Present Value of Accrued Benefits of Key Employees under all defined benefit plans included in the group, and 

(2)             the Aggregate Accounts of Key Employees under all defined contribution plans included in the group, exceeds sixty percent (60%) of a similar sum determined for all Participants. 

ARTICLE XI - MISCELLANEOUS

This Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract between the Employer and any Participant or to be a consideration or an inducement for the   employment of any Participant   or Employee. Nothing contained in this Plan shall be deemed   to give any Participant or   Employee the right to be retained in the service of the Employer or to   interfere with the right of   the Employer to discharge any Participant or Employee at any time regardless of the effect which such discharge shall have upon the Employee as a Participant of this Plan. 

(a)              Subject to the exceptions provided below, and   as otherwise permitted by the   Code and Act, no benefit which shall be payable out of the Trust   Fund to any person (including   a Participant or the Participant's Beneficiary) shall be subject   in any manner to anticipation,   alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or charge, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, or charge the same shall be void; and no such benefit shall in any manner be liable for, or subject to, the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of any such person, nor shall it be subject to attachment or legal process for or against such person, and the same shall not be recognized by the Trustee, except to such extent as may be required by law.  

(b)              Subsection (a) shall not apply   to a "qualified domestic   relations order'' defined in Code Section 414(p}, and those other domestic   relations orders   permitted to be so treated by the Administrator under the provisions of the Retirement   Equity   Act of 1984. The Administrator shall establish a written procedure to determine the qualified status of domestic relations orders and to administer distributions under such qualified orders. Further, to the extent provided under a "qualified domestic relations order," a former spouse of a Participant shall be treated as the spouse or surviving spouse for all purposes under the Plan.  

(c)             Subsection (a) shall not apply to an offset to a Participant's accrued benefit against an amount that the Participant is ordered or required to pay the Plan with respect to a judgment, order, or decree issued, or a settlement entered into, in accordance with Code Sections 401(a)(13)(C) and (D). 

This Plan and Trust shall be construed and enforced according to the Code, the Act and the laws of the State of New Mexico, other than its laws respecting choice of law, to the extent not pre-empted by ERISA.

Wherever any words are used herein in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender, they shall be construed as though they were also used in another gender in all cases where they would so apply, and whenever any words are used herein in the singular or plural form, they   shall be construed as though they were also used in the other form in all cases where they would so apply. 

In the event any claim, suit, or proceeding is brought regarding the Trust and/or Plan established hereunder to which the Trustee, the Employer or the Administrator may be a party, and such claim, suit, or proceeding is resolved in favor of the Trustee, the Employer or the Administrator, they shall be entitled to be reimbursed from the Trust Fund for any and all costs, attorney's fees, and other expenses pertaining thereto incurred by them for which they shall have become liable.

11.6 
 PROHIBITION AGAINST DIVERSION OF FUNDS 

(a)             Except as provided below and otherwise specifically permitted by law, it shall be impossible by operation of the Plan or of the Trust, by termination of either, by power of revocation or amendment, by the happening of any contingency, by collateral arrangement or by any other means, for any part of the corpus or income of any Trust Fund maintained pursuant to the Plan or any funds contributed thereto to be used for, or diverted to, purposes other than the exclusive benefit of Participants, Former Participants, or their Beneficiaries. 

(b)             In the event the Employer shall make an excessive contribution under a mistake of fact pursuant to Act Section 403(c)(2)(A), the Employer may demand repayment of such excessive contribution at any time within one (1) year following the time of payment and the Trustees shall return such amount to the Employer within the one (1) year period. Earnings of the Plan attributable to the contributions may not be returned to the Employer but any losses attributable thereto must reduce the amount so returned. 

(c)             Except for Sections 3.5, 3.6, and 4.1(b), any contribution by the Employer to the Trust Fund is conditioned upon the deductibility of the contribution by the Employer under the Code and, to the extent any such deduction is disallowed, the Employer may, within one (1) year following the final determination of the disallowance, whether by agreement with the Internal Revenue Service or by final decision of a competent jurisdiction, demand repayment of such disallowed contribution and the Trustee shall return such contribution within one (1) year following the disallowance. Earnings of the Plan attributable to the contribution may not be returned to the Employer, but any losses attributable thereto must reduce the amount so returned. 

11.7 
 EMPLOYER'S AND TRUSTEE'S PROTECTIVE CLAUSE 

The Employer, Administrator and Trustee, and their successors, shall not be responsible for the validity of any Contract issued hereunder or for the failure on the part of the insurer to make payments provided by any such Contract, or for the action of any person which may delay payment or render a Contract null and void or unenforceable in whole or in part.

Except as otherwise agreed upon in writing between the Employer and the insurer, an insurer which issues any Contracts hereunder shall not have any responsibility for the validity of this Plan or for the tax or legal aspects of this Plan. The insurer shall be protected and held harmless in acting in accordance with any written direction of the Trustee, and shall have no   duty to see to the application of any funds paid to the Trustee, nor be required to question any actions directed by the Trustee  .   Regardless of any provision of this Plan, the insurer shall not be required to take or permit any action or allow any benefit or privilege contrary to the terms of any Contract which it issues hereunder, or the rules of the insurer. 

11.9 
 RECEIPT AND RELEASE FOR PAYMENTS 

Any payment to any Participant, the Participant's  legal representative, Beneficiary, or to any guardian or committee appointed for such Participant or Beneficiary in accordance with the provisions  of the Plan, shall, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims hereunder against  the Trustee and the Employer, either of whom may require such Participant, legal representative, Beneficiary, guardian or committee, as a condition precedent to such payment, to execute a receipt and release thereof in such form as shall be determined by the Trustee or Employer.

Whenever the Employer under the terms of the Plan is permitted or required to do or perform any act or matter or thing, it shall be done and performed by a person duly authorized by its legally constituted authority.

11.11 
 NAMED FIDUCIARIES AND ALLOCATION OF RESPONSIBILITY 

The "named Fiduciaries" of this Plan are (1) the Employer, (2) the Administrator and (3) the Trustee, and (4) any Investment Manager appointed hereunder. The named Fiduciaries shall have only those specific powers, duties, responsibilities, and obligations as are specifically given them under the Plan including, but not limited to, any agreement allocating or delegating their responsibilities, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. In general, the Employer shall have the sole responsibility for making the contributions provided for under Section 4.1; and shall have the authority to appoint and remove the Trustee and the Administrator; to formulate the Plan's "funding policy and method;" and to amend or terminate, in whole or in part, the Plan. The Administrator shall have the sole responsibility for the administration of the Plan, including, but not limited to, the items specified in Article II of the Plan, as the same may be allocated or delegated thereunder. The Trustee shall have the sole responsibility of management of the assets held under the Trust, except to the extent directed pursuant to Article II or with respect to those assets, the management of which has been assigned to an Investment Manager, who shall be solely responsible for the management of the assets assigned to it, all as specifically provided in the Plan. Each named Fiduciary warrants that any directions given, information furnished, or action taken by it shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, authorizing or providing for such direction, information or action. Furthermore, each named Fiduciary may rely upon any such direction, information or action of another named Fiduciary as being proper under the Plan, and is not required under the Plan to inquire into the propriety of any such direction, information or action. It is intended under the Plan that each named Fiduciary shall be responsible for the proper exercise of its own powers, duties, responsibilities and obligations under the Plan as specified or allocated herein. No named Fiduciary shall guarantee the Trust Fund in any manner against investment loss or depreciation in asset value. Any person or group may serve in more than one Fiduciary capacity.

The headings and subheadings of this Plan have been inserted for convenience of reference and are to be ignored in any construction of the provisions hereof.

11.13  ELECTRONIC MEDIA

The Administrator may use telephonic or electronic media to satisfy any notice requirements required by this Plan, to the extent permissible under regulations (or other generally applicable guidance). In addition, a Participant's consent to an immediate distribution may be provided through telephonic or electronic means, to the extent permissible under regulations (or other generally applicable guidance)  .   The Administrator also may use telephonic or electronic media to conduct plan transactions such as enrolling participants, making (and changing) deferral elections, electing (and changing) investment allocations, applying for Plan loans, and other transactions, to the extent permissible under regulations (or other generally applicable guidance). 

The Administrator in conjunction with the Employer may undertake such correction of Plan errors as the Administrator deems necessary, including correction to preserve tax qualification of the Plan under Code Section 401(a) or to correct a fiduciary breach under the Act. Without limiting the Administrator's authority under the prior sentence, the Administrator, as it determines to be reasonable and appropriate, may undertake correction of Plan document, operational, demographic and employer eligibility failures under a method described in the Plan or under the IRS Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System ("EPCRS") or any successor program to EPCRS. The Administrator, as it determines to be reasonable and appropriate, also may undertake or assist the appropriate fiduciary or plan official in undertaking correction of a fiduciary breach, including correction under the DOL Voluntary Fiduciary Correction Program ("VFC") or any successor program to VFC.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if, pursuant to an application for qualification filed by or on behalf of the Plan by the time prescribed by law for filing the Employer's return for the taxable year in which the Plan is adopted, or such later date that the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue Service or the Commissioner's delegate should determine that the Plan does not initially qualify as a tax-exempt plan under Code Sections 401 and 501, and such determination is not contested, or if contested, is finally upheld, then if the Plan is a new plan, it shall be void ab initio and all amounts contributed to the Plan by the Employer, less expenses paid, shall be returned within one (1) year and the Plan shall terminate, and the Trustee shall be discharged from all further obligations. If the disqualification relates to an amended plan, then the Plan shall operate as if it had not been amended.

All provisions of this Plan shall be interpreted and applied in a uniform, nondiscriminatory manner. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Plan and any Contract purchased hereunder, the Plan provisions shall control.

11.17 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION APPROVAL 

The Employer may request an interpretative letter from the Securities and Exchange Commission stating that the transfers of Company Stock contemplated hereunder do not involve transactions requiring a registration of such Company Stock under the Securities Act of 1933. In the event that a favorable interpretative letter is not obtained, the Employer reserves the right to amend the Plan and Trust retroactively to their Effective Dates in order to obtain a favorable interpretative letter or to terminate the Plan.

ARTICLE XII- PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with the consent of the Employer and Trustee, any other corporation or entity, whether an affiliate or subsidiary or not, may adopt this Plan and  all  of the provisions hereof, and participate herein and be known as a Participating Employer, by a properly executed document evidencing said intent and will of such Participating Employer.

12.2 
 REQUIREMENTS OF PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS 

(a)             Each such Participating Employer shall be required to use the same Trustee as provided in this Plan. 

(b)             The Trustee may, but shall not be required to, commingle, hold and invest as one Trust Fund all contributions made by Participating Employers, as well as all increments thereof. 

(c)             Any expenses of the Plan which are to be paid by the Employer or borne by the Trust Fund shall be paid by each Participating Employer in the same proportion that the total amount standing to the credit of all Participants employed by such Employer bears to the total standing to the credit of all Participants. 

Each Participating Employer shall be deemed to be a party to this Plan; provided, however, that with respect to all of its relations with the Trustee and Administrator for the purpose of this Plan, each Participating Employer shall be deemed to have designated irrevocably the Employer as its agent. Unless the context of the Plan clearly indicates the contrary, the word "Employer" shall be deemed to include each Participating Employer as related to its adoption of the Plan.

In the event an Employee is transferred between Participating Employers, accumulated service and eligibility shall be carried with the Employee involved. No such transfer shall effect a termination of employment hereunder, and the Participating Employer to which the Employee is transferred shall thereupon become obligated hereunder with respect to such Employee in the same manner as was the Participating Employer from whom the Employee was transferred.

12.5 
 PARTICIPATING EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTION AND FORFEITURES 

Any contribution or Forfeiture subject to allocation during each Plan Year shall be allocated only among those Participants of the Employer or Participating Employer making the contribution or by which the forfeiting Participant was employed. However, if the contribution is made, or the forfeiting Participant was employed, by an Affiliated Employer, in which event such contribution or Forfeiture shall be allocated among all Participants of all Participating Employers who are Affiliated Employers   in   accordance with the provisions of this Plan. On the basis of the information furnished by the Administrator, the Trustee may keep separate books and records concerning the affairs of each Participating Employer hereunder and as to the accounts and   credits of the   E  mployees of each Participating Employer  .   The Trustee may, but need not, registe  r   Cont  ra  cts so as to evidence that a particular Participating Employer is the interested Employer hereunder,   but   in the event   of   an Employee transfer from one Participating Employer to another,   t  he employing Participating Employer shall immediately notify the Trustee thereof  . 

Amendment of this Plan by the Employer at any time when there shall be a Participating Employer hereunder shall only be by the written action of each and every Participating Employer and with the consent of the Trustee where such consent is necessary in accordance with the terms of this Plan.

12.7 
 DISCONTINUANCE OF PARTICIPATION 

Any Participating Employer shall be permitted to discontinue or revoke its participation in the Plan at any time. At the time of any such discontinuance or revocation, satisfactory evidence thereof and of any   applicable conditions   imposed shall be delivered to the Trustee. The Trustee shall thereafter transfer,   deliver and   assign Contracts and other Trust Fund assets allocable to the Participants of   such Participating Employer   to such new trustee as shall have been designated by such Participating Employer, in the event that it has established a separate qualified   retirement   plan for its Employees provided, however, that no such transfer shall be made if the result is the elimination or reduction of any "Section 411(d)(6) protected benefits" as described in Section 9.1(c). If no successor is designated, the Trustee shall retain such assets for the Employees of said Participating Employer pursuant to the provisions of Article VII hereof. In no such event shall any part of the corpus or income of the Trust as it relates to such Participating Employer be used for or diverted for purposes other than for the exclusive benefit of the Employees of such Participating Employer. 

The Administrator shall have authority to make any and all necessary rules or regulations, binding upon all Participating Employers and all Participants, to effectuate the purpose of this Article.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   this Plan has been executed the day and year first above written .

LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL BANK

By: 
 
  /s/ John S. Gulas 

Employer

Its: Chief Executive Officer

LOS ALAMOS NATIONAL BANK TRUST

By: 
 
  /s/ John F. Brunett 

Trustee

Its: Chief Trust and Investment Officer

Participating Employers

Title Guaranty   Insurance Company

By: 
 
  /s/ Arthur B. Montoya, Jr. 

Its: Secretary

AMENDMENT NO.1 TO THE TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION

EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN

WHEREAS,   Los Alamos National Bank (the "Sponsoring   Employer")   maintains the Trinity Capital Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015) (the "Plan"); and 

WHEREAS,  on January 30, 2015, the Sponsoring Employer filed an application with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") for a letter of determination on the Plan; and

WHEREAS,  as a condition to the issuance of such letter, the IRS requested that certain amendments (the "Amendments") be made to the Plan; and

WHEREAS,  the Sponsoring Employer desires to amend the Plan in order to obtain a favorable determination; and

WHEREAS,  Section  9.1  of  the  Plan  provides that  it  may  be amended  by the  Sponsoring

Employer;

WHEREAS,  this amendment is adopted in conjunction with a contemporaneous amendment to Section 7.10 of the Plan that is consistent with the changes requested by the IRS but different than the proposed amendment submitted in response to such request;

NOW, THEREFORE,  the Plan is hereby amended as follows, effective as of January 1, 2015:

1. Section 1.45 is deleted and in its place is inserted "Reserved".

2. Section 1.24 is amended by adding to the second paragraph thereof the following at the end of such section:

";and (e) compensation in excess of $225,000 (or such other amount provided in the Code); provided that, such amount shall be adjusted for increases in the cost of living in accordance with Code Section 401(a)(17)(B)."

3. Section 4.3(c) is amended by adding to the first paragraph thereof the following at the   end   of such section: 

"; and provided further that Participants shall be fully Vested in the Company Stock allocated to the Participants' Company Stock Account as a result of cash dividends being used to repay an Exempt Loan.".

4. Section 7.10 is deleted and in its place is inserted "Reserved".

5. Section 8.12(b)(l)  is amended by deleting the phrase "described in Code Section 401 (k)(2)(B)(l )."

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the undersigned, being the authorized Officer, does hereby execute this amendment on the 9th day of March, 2016.

LOS ALAMOS N ATIONAL BANK 

By: 
 
  /s/ Arthur B. Montoya, Jr. 

Arthur B. Montoya, Jr., Secretary

AMENDMENT NO.2 TO THE TRINITY CAPITAL CORPORATION

EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN

WHEREAS,  Los Alamos National Bank (the "Sponsoring Employer") maintains the Trinity Capital Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015) (the "Plan"); and

WHEREAS,   the Sponsoring Employer desires to amend the Plan to clarify the right of first refusal that the Sponsoring  Employer and the Plan have with respect to certain shares of Company Stock distributed from the Plan  ;   and 

WHEREAS,  Section 9.1 of the Plan provides that it may be amended by the Sponsoring Employer;

WHEREAS,  this amendment is adopted in conjunction with a contemporaneous amendments required by the Internal Revenue Service as a condition to the issuance of a favorable determination letter to and is contemporaneously effective with that amendment;

NOW, THEREFORE  ,   the Plan is hereby amended as follows, effective as of January 1, 2015: 

1. Section 7.10, as amended by Amendment No. 1, is deleted and replaced with the following:

Shares of Company Stock acquired with the proceeds of an Exempt Loan shall be subject to a Right of First Refusal as described in this paragraph. The Right of First Refusal shall be in favor of the Employer, and  ,   if the Employer does not exercise such right, the Plan  .    The selling price and other terms under the right must not be less favorable to the seller  than  the  greater  of  a  good  faith  determination   of  the  fair  market  value  of  the security  as determined  under section   6.2, or the purchase price and other terms offered by a buyer, other than the Employer  or the Plan, making a good faith offer to purchase the shares of Company Stock. The Right of First Refusal will lapse 14 calendar days after the holder of Company  Stock gives written notice to the Employer of the Right of First Refusal that an offer by a third party to purchase the Company Stock has been received. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the undersigned  ,   being the authorized Officer, does hereby execute this amendment on the 9th day of March, 2016. 

LOS ALAMOS N ATIONAL BANK 

By: 
 
      /s/ Arthur B. Montoya, Jr.  

Arthur B. Montoya, Jr., Secretary

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1

Subsidiaries of Trinity Capital Corporation 

Los Alamos National Bank, a national banking organization with its Subsidiaries:

TCC Advisors Corporation, a New Mexico Corporation; 

Finance New Mexico Investment Fund IV, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company; 

Cottonwood Technology Group, LLC, a New Mexico Limited Liability Company; 

Triscensions ABQ, LLC, a New Mexico Limited Liability Company (formed March 2016); and 

Southwestern Medical Technologies, LLC, a New Mexico Limited Liability Company (interest sold November 2015). 

Title Guaranty   Insurance Company, a New Mexico Corporation

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1

Crowe Horwath LLP

Independent Member Crowe Horwath International

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement (Nos. 333-126980 and 333-116685) on Form S-8 of Trinity Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries of our report dated October 31, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

/s/  Crowe Horwath LLP

Sacramento, California

October 31, 2016

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

I, John S. Gulas, certify that:

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Trinity Capital Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpose in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter  (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:

October 31, 2016 
 
  /s/ John S. Gulas 

John S. Gulas

President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

I, Daniel W. Thompson, certify that:

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Trinity Capital Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpose in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter  (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:

October 31, 2016

/s/ Daniel W. Thompson 

Daniel W. Thompson

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trinity Capital Corporation, a New Mexico corporation ( Trinity ), for the period ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), John S. Gulas, as Chief Executive Officer of Trinity, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Trinity. 

/s/ John S. Gulas 

John S. Gulas

President and Chief Executive Officer

October 31, 2016

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trinity Capital Corporation, a New Mexico corporation ( Trinity ), for the period ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Daniel W. Thompson, as Chief Financial Officer of Trinity, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Trinity. 

/s/ Daniel W. Thompson 

Daniel W. Thompson

Chief Financial Officer

October 31, 2016

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 tcpp-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 tcpp-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 tcpp-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 tcpp-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 tcpp-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 tcpp-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

