<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1656936_0001193125-16-764662_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4069045</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>235964</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>279214</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>589203</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1725651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1094920</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764662.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109191831
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764662
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MGM Growth Properties LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001656936
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37733
		FILM NUMBER:		161985583

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3950 LAS VEGAS BOULEVARD SOUTH
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-632-7777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3950 LAS VEGAS BOULEVARD SOUTH
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764662.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d249199d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES   EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
 (Mark One)  
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from                   
to                   Commission File No. 001-37733   
         
  MGM Growth Properties LLC   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Delaware  
   
  47-5513237   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    6385 S. Rainbow Blvd., Suite 500, Las Vegas, Nevada   
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  (702) 669-1480   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days:    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files):    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act):    Yes         No       
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common shares, as of the latest practicable date:  

Table of Contents  

   MGM GROWTH PROPERTIES LLC   
  FORM 10-Q   
    I N D E X       

Page    

PART I.   
   
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
   
  Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

1 

Condensed Combined and Consolidated Balance Sheets at September
 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   

1 

Condensed Combined and Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

2 

Condensed Combined and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

3 

Condensed Notes to Condensed Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements  

4 

Item 2.  
   
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

18 

Item 3.  
   
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

29 

Item 4.  
   
  Controls and Procedures  

30 

PART II.   
   
     OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
   
  Legal Proceedings  

31 

Item 1A.  
   
  Risk Factors  

31 

Item 2.  
   
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

48 

Item 6.  
   
  Exhibits  

49 

SIGNATURES     

50 

Table of Contents  

     Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements        MGM GROWTH PROPERTIES LLC   
    CONDENSED COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (in thousands, except share amounts)    
   (unaudited)        
    The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these condensed combined and consolidated financial
statements.   
      1  

Table of Contents  

   MGM GROWTH PROPERTIES LLC   
    CONDENSED COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
   (in thousands, except per share amounts)    
   (unaudited)        
    The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these condensed combined and consolidated financial
statements.   
      2  

Table of Contents  

   MGM GROWTH PROPERTIES LLC   
    CONDENSED COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (in thousands)    
   (unaudited)        
    The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these condensed combined and consolidated financial
statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

   MGM GROWTH PROPERTIES LLC   
    CONDENSED NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  NOTE 1   BUSINESS      Organization.
 MGM Growth Properties LLC ( MGP  or the  Company ) is a limited liability company that was organized in Delaware on October 23, 2015. MGP conducts its operations through MGM Growth Properties Operating Partnership LP
(the  Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership that was formed on January 6, 2016. On April 25, 2016 (the  IPO Date ) the Company completed a series of transactions, including its initial public offering
of Class A shares as discussed further below. The Company intends to make an election on its federal income tax return for its taxable year ending December 31, 2016 to be treated as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ).  
 MGM Resorts International ( MGM  or the  Parent ) is a Delaware corporation that acts largely as a holding company and,
through its subsidiaries, owns and operates large-scale destination entertainment and leisure resorts. Prior to the IPO Date, the real estate assets of The Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, New York-New York, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, The Park, Gold Strike
Tunica, MGM Grand Detroit and Beau Rivage (collectively, the  IPO Properties ), which comprised the Company s real estate investments prior to the acquisition of Borgata (as described below), were owned and operated by MGM. On the IPO
Date, MGM engaged in a series of transactions (the  Formation Transactions ) in which subsidiaries of MGM transferred the IPO Properties to newly formed subsidiaries and subsequently transferred 100% ownership interest in such subsidiaries
to the Operating Partnership pursuant to a Master Contribution Agreement (the  MCA ) in exchange for Operating Partnership units representing limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership.  
 On the IPO Date, MGP completed the initial public offering of 57,500,000 of its Class A shares representing limited liability company
interests at an initial offering price of $21.00 per share, inclusive of the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase 7,500,000 Class A shares. MGP contributed the proceeds from its initial public offering to the Operating
Partnership in exchange for 26.7% of the Operating Partnership units and the general partner interest in the Operating Partnership. MGM retained ownership of MGP s outstanding Class B share. The Class B share is a non-economic interest in MGP
which does not provide its holder any rights to profits or losses or any rights to receive distributions from the operations of MGP or upon liquidation or winding up of MGP but which represents a majority of the voting power of MGP s shares. As
a result, MGP continues to be controlled by MGM through its majority voting rights, and is consolidated by MGM.    As of September 30,
2016, MGM owned 76.3% of the Operating Partnership units in the Operating Partnership, an increase from 73.3% as a result of the Operating Partnership s acquisition of the real property associated with the Borgata Hotel Casino   Spa
( Borgata ) from MGM on August 1, 2016, which had the result of reducing MGP s ownership interest in the Operating Partnership from 26.7% to 23.7% (see Note 3 for additional information regarding this transaction). MGM s
Operating Partnership units are exchangeable into Class A shares of MGP on a one-to-one basis, or cash at the fair value of a Class A share. The determination of settlement method is at the option of MGP s independent conflicts
committee. MGM s indirect ownership of these Operating Partnership units is recognized as a noncontrolling interest in MGP s financial statements. A wholly owned subsidiary of MGP is the general partner of the Operating Partnership and
operates and controls all of its business affairs. As a result, MGP consolidates the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries.    The
Company is a publicly traded REIT primarily engaged through its investment in the Operating Partnership in the real property business, which consists of owning, acquiring and leasing large-scale destination entertainment and leisure resorts, whose
tenants generally offer casino gaming, hotel, convention, dining, entertainment and retail. A wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership (the  Landlord ) leases all of its real estate properties back to a wholly owned subsidiary
of MGM (the  Tenant ) under a master lease agreement (the  Master Lease ).     NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES      Basis of presentation.  The accompanying condensed combined and consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information set forth in the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ), as published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ), and with the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial
statements. All adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair statement of results for the interim period have been included.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

  For periods prior to the IPO Date, the accompanying condensed combined and consolidated financial
statements of MGP represent the IPO Properties, which were controlled by MGM, and have been determined to be MGP s Predecessor for accounting purposes (the  Predecessor ). The accompanying condensed combined and consolidated financial
statements include Predecessor financial statements that have been  carved out  of MGM s consolidated financial statements and reflect significant assumptions and allocations. The financial statements do not fully reflect what the
Predecessor s results of operations, financial position and cash flows would have been if the Predecessor had been a stand-alone company during the periods presented. As a result, historical financial information is not necessarily indicative
of MGP s future results of operations, financial position and cash flows.    For periods subsequent to the IPO Date, the accompanying
condensed combined and consolidated financial statements of MGP represent the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries.  
 The accompanying condensed combined and consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and notes thereto included in MGP s Prospectus filed with the SEC on April 21, 2016.     Principles of
consolidation.  The Company identifies entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities ( VIEs ). A VIE is
an entity in which either (i) the equity investors as a group, if any, lack the power through voting or similar rights to direct the activities of such entity that most significantly impact such entity s economic performance or
(ii) the equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance that entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support. The Company identifies the primary beneficiary of a VIE as the enterprise that has both of the
following characteristics: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits of the VIE that could
potentially be significant to the entity. The Company consolidates its investment in a VIE when it determines that it is its primary beneficiary. The Company may change its original assessment of a VIE upon subsequent events such as the modification
of contractual arrangements that affect the characteristics or adequacy of the entity s equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary. The Company performs this analysis on an
ongoing basis. The condensed combined and consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Operating Partnership, a VIE of which the Company is the primary beneficiary, as well as its wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. The
Company s maximum exposure to loss is the carrying value of the assets and liabilities of the Operating Partnership, which represents all of the Company s assets and liabilities. As the Company holds what is deemed a majority voting
interest in the Operating Partnership through its ownership of the Operating Partnership s sole general partner, it qualifies for the exemption from providing certain of the required disclosures associated with investments in VIEs.  
 For entities not determined to be VIEs, the Company consolidates such entities in which the Company owns 100% of the equity. For
entities in which the Company owns less than 100% of the equity interest, the Company consolidates the entity if it has the direct or indirect ability to control the entities  activities based upon the terms of the respective entities 
ownership agreements. For these entities, the Company records a noncontrolling interest on the condensed combined and consolidated balance sheets. All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.  
  Noncontrolling interest.  The Company presents noncontrolling interest and classifies such interest as a component of consolidated
shareholders  equity, separate from the Company s Class A shareholders  equity. Noncontrolling interest in the Company represents Operating Partnership units currently held by subsidiaries of MGM. Net income or loss of the
Operating Partnership is allocated to its noncontrolling interest based on the noncontrolling interest s ownership percentage in the Operating Partnership except for income tax expenses as discussed in Note 7. Ownership percentage is calculated
by dividing the number of Operating Partnership units held by the noncontrolling interest by the total Operating Partnership units held by the noncontrolling interest and the Company. Issuance of additional Class A shares and Operating
Partnership units changes the ownership interests of both the noncontrolling interest and the Company. Such transactions and the related proceeds are treated as capital transactions.  
 MGM may tender its Operating Partnership units for redemption by the Operating Partnership in exchange for cash equal to the market price of
MGP s Class A shares at the time of redemption or for unregistered Class A shares on a one-for-one basis. Such selection to pay cash or issue Class A shares to satisfy an Operating Partnership unitholder s
redemption request is solely within the control of MGP s independent conflicts committee.     Use of estimates.  The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. The Company s most significant assumptions and estimates relate to the useful lives of real estate assets, real estate
impairment assessments and the allocation of income taxes to the Company s Predecessor. These estimates are based on historical experience and other assumptions which management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Management
evaluates its estimates on an ongoing basis and makes revisions to these estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. Actual results could differ from these estimates.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Real estate investments.  Real estate investments consist of land, buildings, improvements
and integral equipment. Because the Formation Transactions and the Borgata Transaction (as defined below) represent transactions between entities under common control, such real estate was initially recorded by the Company at MGM s historical
cost basis, less accumulated depreciation (i.e., there was no change in the basis of the contributed assets), as of the IPO Date and the date of the consummation of the Borgata Transaction, respectively. Costs of maintenance and repairs to real
estate investments are the responsibility of the Tenant under the Master Lease.    Although the Tenant is responsible for all capital
expenditures during the term of the Master Lease, if, in the future, a deconsolidation event occurs, the Company will be required to pay the Tenant, should the Tenant so elect, for certain capital improvements that would not constitute  normal
tenant improvements  in accordance with U.S. GAAP ( Non-Normal Tenant Improvements ), subject to an initial cap of $100 million in the first year of the Master Lease increasing annually by $75 million each year thereafter. The Company
will be entitled to receive additional rent based on the 10-year Treasury yield plus 600 basis points multiplied by the value of the new capital improvements the Company is required to pay for in connection with a deconsolidation event and
such capital improvements will be subject to the terms of the Master Lease. Examples of Non-Normal Tenant Improvements include the costs of structural elements at the properties, including capital improvements that expand the footprint or square
footage of any of the properties or extend the useful life of the properties, as well as equipment that would be a necessary improvement at any of the properties, including initial installation of elevators, air conditioning systems or electrical
wiring. Such Non-Normal Tenant Improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the asset s remaining life. Non-Normal Tenant Improvements were $51.1 million as of September 30, 2016.  
 In accordance with accounting standards governing the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets, the carrying value of long-lived assets,
including land, buildings and improvements, land improvements and integral equipment is evaluated whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment has occurred relative to a given asset or assets. Factors that could
result in an impairment review include, but are not limited to, a current period cash flow loss combined with a history of cash flow losses, current cash flows that may be insufficient to recover the investment in the property over the remaining
useful life, a projection that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset, significant changes in the manner of use of the assets or significant changes in business strategies. If such circumstances arise, the
Company uses an estimate of the undiscounted value of expected future operating cash flows to determine whether the long-lived assets are impaired. If the aggregate undiscounted cash flows plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the asset (if
any) are less than the carrying amount of the assets, the resulting impairment charge to be recorded is calculated based on the excess of the carrying value of the assets over the fair value of such assets, with the fair value determined based on an
estimate of discounted future cash flows, appraisals or other valuation techniques. There were no impairment charges related to long-lived assets recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  
  Cash and cash equivalents.  Cash and cash equivalents include investments and interest bearing instruments with maturities of 90 days or
less at the date of acquisition. Such investments are carried at cost, which approximates market value.     Deferred revenue.  The
Company receives nonmonetary consideration related to Non-Normal Tenant Improvements as they automatically become MGP s property, and recognizes the cost basis of Non-Normal Tenant Improvements as real estate investments and deferred revenue.
The Company depreciates the real estate investments over their estimated useful lives and amortizes the deferred revenue as additional rental revenue over the remaining term of the Master Lease once the related real estate assets are placed in
service.     Revenue recognition.  Rental revenue under the Master Lease is recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable
term and reasonably assured renewal periods, which includes the initial lease term of ten years and all four additional five-year terms under the Master Lease, for all contractual revenues that are determined to be fixed and measurable. The
difference between such rental revenue earned and the cash rent due under the provisions of the Master Lease is recorded as deferred rent receivable and included as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets, or as deferred revenue if cash
rent due exceeds rental revenue earned.    Property tax reimbursements from Tenant arise from the triple-net structure of the Master Lease
which provides for the recovery of property taxes, which are paid by the Company on behalf of the Tenant. This revenue is recognized in the same periods as the expense is incurred.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   Depreciation and property transactions.  Depreciation expense is recognized over the useful
lives of real estate applying the straight-line method. Useful lives are periodically reviewed. Leased real estate and leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:  
   
   Property transactions, net are comprised of transactions related to long-lived assets, such as normal losses
on the disposition of assets.     Property insurance.  The condensed combined and consolidated financial statements include the
allocation of property insurance costs incurred and paid by MGM with respect to the Company s Predecessor. MGM has an annual master property insurance program for which a total premium is allocated to each property. The allocation is based on
total location value as well as the specific item insured (building, personal property and business interruption). The allocated amounts are adjusted by specific risk factors such as loss expectation and geographical location. Property insurance
expenses were allocated to the Company s Predecessor for all the IPO Properties transferred. The expense allocations have been determined on a basis that both the Company and MGM consider to be a reasonable reflection of the benefit received by
the Company s Predecessor during the periods presented. The allocations may not, however, reflect the expense that the Company s Predecessor would have incurred as a stand-alone entity for the periods presented. Actual costs that may have
been incurred if the Company s Predecessor had been a stand-alone entity would depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the chosen insurance coverage. The Company does not recognize property insurance expense subsequent to
the IPO Date, as these costs are the direct responsibility of the Tenant under the Master Lease.     Acquisition-related expenses.  The
Company expenses transaction costs associated with business combinations in the period in which they are incurred. These costs are included in acquisition-related expenses within the condensed combined and consolidated statements of operations.  
  General and administrative.  General and administrative expenses include the salaries and benefits of employees and external consulting
costs. In addition, pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on the IPO Date between the Operating Partnership and MGM (the  Corporate Services Agreement ), MGM provides the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries with
financial, administrative and operational support services, including accounting and finance support, human resources support, legal and regulatory compliance support, insurance advisory services, internal audit services, governmental affairs
monitoring and reporting services, information technology support, construction services and various other support services. MGM is reimbursed for all costs it incurs directly related to providing the services thereunder. The Operating Partnership
incurred expenses pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement from the IPO Date through September 30, 2016 of $0.6 million.  
  Share-based compensation.  The Company recognizes share-based compensation awards as compensation expense and includes such expense
within general and administrative expense in the condensed combined and consolidated statement of operations. Compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, for restricted share unit awards is based on the fair value of MGP s Class A
shares at the date of grant and is generally recognized ratably over the vesting period. For ratable awards, the Company recognized compensation costs for all grants on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the entire award.
Compensation expense for performance share unit awards, which have market conditions, is based on a Monte Carlo simulation at the date of grant and is generally recognized ratably over the vesting period.  
  Net income per share.  Basic net income per share includes only the weighted average number of Class A shares outstanding during
the period. Dilutive net income per share includes the weighted average number of Class A shares and the dilutive effect of share-based compensation awards outstanding during the period, when such awards are dilutive.  
  Fair value measurements . Fair value measurements are utilized in accounting for testing of long-lived assets for impairment. Fair value
of financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. The three-tier
hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value, which prioritizes the inputs used in the methodologies of measuring fair value for assets and liabilities, is as follows:  
 Level 1 Observable inputs for identical instruments such as quoted market prices;  
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets
or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e., interest rates, yield curves, etc.) and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable
market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs); and  
      7  

Table of Contents  

  Level 3 Unobservable inputs that reflect the Company s determination of assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. These inputs are developed based on the best information available, including management s own data.  
 The fair value of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their carrying value because
of the short-term nature of these instruments. The principal amount and fair value of other financial instruments are as follows:      
   The estimated fair value of the Company s debt was estimated using quoted prices for identical or similar
liabilities in markets that are not active for each of the Company s term loan A facility, term loan B facility, revolving credit facility and senior notes. These fair value measurements are considered Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
    Reportable segment.  The Company s real estate properties are similar in that they consist of large-scale destination
entertainment and leisure resorts and related offerings, whose tenants generally offer casino gaming, hotel, convention, dining, entertainment and retail, are held by a subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, have similar economic characteristics
and are governed under a single Master Lease. As such, the properties are reported as one reportable segment.     Concentrations of credit
risk.  All of the Company s real estate properties have been leased to a wholly owned subsidiary of MGM, and all of MGP s revenues are derived from the Master Lease. MGM is a publicly traded company and is subject to the filing
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and is required to file periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q with the SEC. Refer to www.edgar.gov for MGM s publicly available financial
information. Management does not believe there are any other significant concentrations of credit risk.     Geographical risk.  The
majority of the Company s real estate properties are located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Accordingly, future negative trends in local economic activity or natural disasters in this area might have a more significant effect on the Company than a more
geographically diversified entity and could have an adverse impact on its financial condition and operating results.     Recently issued
accounting standards.  In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force) 
( ASU 2016-15 ) effective for the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. ASU 2016-15 amends the guidance of ASC 230 on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The primary purpose of
ASU 2016-15 is to reduce the diversity in practice that has resulted from the lack of consistent principles, specifically clarifying the guidance on eight cash flow issues. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adoption of this guidance
will have on its financial statements and footnote disclosures.    In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 was issued as part of the FASB s simplification initiative and affects
all entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The amendments in this update cover such areas as the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies, the classification of those excess tax benefits on the statement of
cash flows, an accounting policy election for forfeitures, the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes and still qualify for equity classification and the classification of those taxes paid on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of determining the method of adoption and assessing the impact
that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements and footnote disclosures.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic
842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ), which replaces the existing guidance in FASB ASC Topic 840,  Leases . ASU 2016-02 requires a dual approach for lessee accounting under which a lessee would account for leases as finance leases or operating
leases. Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of-use ( ROU ) asset and a corresponding lease liability. For finance leases the lessee would recognize interest expense and amortization of the
ROU asset and for operating leases the lessee would recognize a straight-line total lease expense. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently in the process of determining the method of adoption and assessing the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements and footnote disclosures.  
 In August 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14,  Revenue From Contracts With Customers (Topic 606): Deferral
of the Effective Date , which defers the effective date of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue From Contracts With Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ) to the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. ASU 2014-09 outlines a new, single comprehensive model for entities to use
in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. This new revenue recognition model provides a five-step analysis in determining when and
how revenue is recognized. Additionally, the new model will require revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration a company expects to receive in exchange for those
goods or services. The Company is currently in the process of determining the method of adoption and assessing the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements and footnote disclosures.  
  NOTE 3   BORGATA TRANSACTION     On
August 1, 2016, MGM completed the acquisition of Boyd Gaming s ownership interest in Borgata. Concurrently, MGM, MGP, the Operating Partnership, the Landlord and the Tenant completed the transfer of the real estate assets related to
Borgata, located at Renaissance Pointe in Atlantic City, New Jersey, from a subsidiary of MGM to the Landlord (the  Borgata Transaction ). A subsidiary of MGM operates Borgata. The real estate assets related to Borgata were leased by the
Landlord to the Tenant via an amendment to the Master Lease. As a result, the initial rent under the Master Lease increased by $100 million, $90 million of which relates to the base rent for the initial term and the remaining $10 million of which
relates to the percentage rent. Following the closing of the acquisition, the base rent under the Master Lease is now $585 million for the initial term and the percentage rent is $65 million, prorated for the remainder of the first lease year after
the Borgata Transaction. The consideration that was paid by MGP to a subsidiary of MGM consisted of 27.4 million newly issued Operating Partnership units and the assumption by the Landlord of $545 million of indebtedness from such subsidiary of
MGM.    The Borgata Transaction was accounted for as a transaction under common control, and therefore the Company recorded the Borgata real
estate assets at their carryover value of $1.3 billion determined by MGM in its preliminary purchase price allocation, along with a related deferred tax liability of $24.8 million. In addition, the Company recognized an above market lease liability
and an above market lease asset related to ground leases assigned to the Landlord as part of the Borgata Transaction covering approximately 20 acres partially underlying and adjacent to the Borgata. Under the terms of the Master Lease, the Tenant is
responsible for the rent payments related to these ground leases during the term of the Master Lease. The Company amortizes the above market lease liability on a straight-line basis over the terms of the underlying ground leases, which extend
through 2070. The Company amortizes the above market lease asset on a straight-line basis over the term of the Master Lease, which extends through 2046 (including reasonably assured renewal periods pursuant to the terms of the Master Lease).  
  NOTE 4   REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS   
 The carrying value of real estate investments is as follows:      
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 5   LEASES   
  Master Lease.  Pursuant to the Master Lease, the Tenant has leased the Company s real estate properties from the Landlord. The
Master Lease has an initial lease term of ten years with the potential to extend the term for four additional five-year terms thereafter at the option of the Tenant. The Master Lease provides that any extension of its term must apply to all of the
real estate under the Master Lease at the time of the extension. The Master Lease has a triple-net structure, which requires the Tenant to pay substantially all costs associated with the lease, including real estate taxes, insurance, utilities and
routine maintenance, in addition to the base rent. Additionally, the Master Lease provides MGP with a right of first offer with respect to MGM s development properties located in National Harbor, Maryland and Springfield, Massachusetts (the
 ROFO Properties ), which MGP may exercise should MGM elect to sell these properties in the future.    As of September 30,
2016, the annual rent payments under the Master Lease were $650 million. Rent under the Master Lease consists of a  base rent  component and a  percentage rent  component. For the first year, the base rent represents 90% of the
initial total rent payments due under the Master Lease, or $585 million, and the percentage rent represents 10% of the initial total rent payments due under the Master Lease, or $65 million. The base rent includes a fixed annual rent escalator of
2.0% for the second through the sixth lease years (as defined in the Master Lease). Thereafter, the annual escalator of 2.0% will be subject to the Tenant and, without duplication, the operating subsidiary sublessees of the Tenant (the
 Operating Subtenants ), collectively meeting an adjusted net revenue to rent ratio of 6.25:1.00 based on their net revenue from the leased properties subject to the Master Lease (as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, adjusted to
exclude net revenue attributable to certain scheduled subleases and, at the Tenant s option, reimbursed cost revenue). The percentage rent will initially be a fixed amount for approximately the first six years and will then be adjusted every
five years based on the average actual annual net revenues of the Tenant and, without duplication, the Operating Subtenants, from the leased properties subject to the Master Lease at such time for the trailing five calendar-year period (calculated
by multiplying the average annual net revenues, excluding net revenue attributable to certain scheduled subleases and, at the Tenant s option, reimbursed cost revenue, for the trailing five calendar-year period by 1.4%).  
 Rental revenues from the Master Lease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $154.8 million and $256.1 million,
respectively. Rental revenues from the Master Lease for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 represent activity from the IPO Date through September 30, 2016. The Company also recognized revenue related to the reimbursement of property taxes paid
by the Tenant of $17.7 million and $27.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.    Under the Master
Lease, future noncancelable minimum rental payments are as follows:      
    NOTE 6   DEBT   
 Debt consists of the following:      
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

   Operating Partnership bridge facilities.  In connection with the Formation Transactions,
MGM borrowed $4.0 billion under certain bridge facilities, which were subsequently contributed to the Operating Partnership pursuant to the MCA. The Operating Partnership repaid the bridge facilities with a combination of proceeds from its financing
transactions described below and the proceeds from MGP s initial public offering. In connection with the Borgata Transaction, MGM borrowed $545 million under certain bridge facilities, which were subsequently contributed to the Operating
Partnership. The Operating Partnership repaid the bridge facilities with a combination of cash on hand and a draw down on its revolving credit facility, which it subsequently refinanced with proceeds from the offering of its senior notes due
2026.    Operating Partnership credit agreement.  The Operating Partnership entered into a credit agreement, comprised of a $300
million senior secured term loan A facility, a $1.85 billion senior secured term loan B facility and a $600 million senior secured revolving credit facility. The term loan facilities are subject to amortization of principal in equal quarterly
installments, with 5.0% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the term loan A facility and 1.0% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the term loan B facility to be payable each year. The term loan facilities were recorded at cost net
of the original issue discount and related borrowing costs. The related original issue discount and the borrowing costs are amortized over the term of the borrowing. The revolving credit facility is recorded at cost. The related borrowing costs were
capitalized as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets and are amortized over the term of the credit facility. The revolving credit facility and term loan A facility bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.75% for the first six months, and thereafter
the interest rate will be determined by reference to a total net leverage ratio pricing grid which would result in an interest rate of LIBOR plus 2.25% to 2.75%. The term loan B facility bears interest at LIBOR plus 3.25% with a LIBOR floor of
0.75%. The term loan B facility was issued at 99.75% to initial lenders. The revolving credit facility and the term loan A facility will mature in 2021 and the term loan B facility will mature in 2023. As of September 30, 2016, no amounts were
drawn on the revolving credit facility. At September 30, 2016, the interest rate on the term loan A facility was 3.27% and the interest rate on the term loan B facility was 4.00%. See Note 12 for information regarding the re-pricing of the term loan
B facility.   The credit agreement contains customary covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Operating Partnership and
its restricted subsidiaries to: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) merge with a third party or engage in other fundamental changes; (iii) make restricted payments; (iv) enter into, create, incur or assume any liens;
(v) make certain sales and other dispositions of assets; (vi) enter into certain transactions with affiliates; (vii) make certain payments on certain other indebtedness; (viii) make certain investments; and (ix) incur
restrictions on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make certain distributions, loans or transfers of assets to the Operating Partnership or any restricted subsidiary. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and
qualifications, including, with respect to the restricted payments covenant, the ability to make unlimited restricted payments to maintain the REIT status of MGP. The revolving credit facility and term loan A facility also require the Operating
Partnership to maintain compliance with a maximum secured net debt to adjusted total asset ratio, a maximum total net debt to adjusted asset ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio, all of which may restrict the Operating Partnership s
ability to incur additional debt to fund its obligations in the near term. As of September 30, 2016, MGP was required to have a senior secured net debt to adjusted total assets ratio of not more than 0.40 to1.00, a total net debt to adjusted total
assets ratio of not more than 0.60 to 1.00, and an interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.00 to1.00. MGP was in compliance with its credit agreement covenants at September 30, 2016.  
 The credit agreement also provides for customary events of default, including, without limitation, (i) payment defaults,
(ii) inaccuracies of representations and warranties, (iii) covenant defaults, (iv) cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness in excess of specified amounts, (v) certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, (vi) judgment
defaults in excess of specified amounts, (vii) actual or asserted invalidity or impairment of any loan documentation, (viii) the security documents cease to create a valid and perfected first priority lien on any material portion of the
collateral, (ix) ERISA defaults, (x) termination of the Master Lease and (xi) change of control. The term loan facilities are subject to amortization of principal in equal quarterly installments, with 5.0% of the initial aggregate
principal amount of the term loan A facility and 1.0% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the term loan B facility to be payable each year. The revolving credit facility and the term loan facilities are both guaranteed by each of the
Operating Partnership s existing and subsequently acquired direct and indirect wholly owned material domestic restricted subsidiaries, and secured by a first priority lien security interest on substantially all of the Operating
Partnership s and such restricted subsidiaries  material assets, including mortgages on its real estate, subject to customary exclusions.  
  Operating Partnership senior notes.  On April 20, 2016, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership issued $1.05 billion
in aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior notes due 2024 and on the IPO Date, the Operating Partnership entered into a supplemental indenture through which it assumed the obligations under the senior notes from such subsidiary (which merged
into the Operating Partnership on such date). The senior notes will mature on May 1, 2024. Interest on the senior notes is payable on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on November 1, 2016. The senior notes are fully
and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior basis by all of the Operating Partnership s subsidiaries that guarantee the Operating Partnership s credit facilities, other than MGP Finance Co-Issuer, Inc., which is a
co-issuer of the senior notes. The Operating Partnership may redeem all or part of the senior notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the senior notes plus, to the extent the Operating Partnership is redeeming senior
notes prior to the date that is three months prior to their maturity date, an applicable make whole premium, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

  On August 12, 2016, the Operating Partnership issued $500 million in aggregate principal amount
of 4.500% senior notes due 2026. The senior notes will mature on September 1, 2026. Interest on the senior notes is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on March 1, 2017. The senior notes are fully and
unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior basis by all of the Operating Partnership s subsidiaries that guarantee the Operating Partnership s credit facilities, other than MGP Finance Co-Issuer, Inc., which is a
co-issuer of the senior notes. The Operating Partnership may redeem all or part of the senior notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the senior notes plus, to the extent the Operating Partnership is redeeming senior
notes prior to the date that is three months prior to their maturity date, an applicable make whole premium, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest.  
 The indentures governing the senior notes contain customary covenants that limit the Operating Partnership s ability and, in certain
instances, the ability of its subsidiaries, to borrow money, create liens on assets, make distributions and pay dividends on or redeem or repurchase Operating Partnership units, make certain types of investments, sell stock in certain subsidiaries,
enter into agreements that restrict dividends or other payments from subsidiaries, enter into transactions with affiliates, issue guarantees of debt, and sell assets or merge with other companies. These limitations are subject to a number of
important exceptions and qualifications set forth in the applicable indentures governing the senior notes, including, with respect to the restricted payments covenants, the ability to make unlimited restricted payments to maintain the REIT status of
the Company.     Maturities of debt.  Maturities of the principal amount of the Company s debt as of September 30, 2016 are
as follows:      
    Deferred financing costs.  Deferred financing costs were incurred in connection with the issuance of the
term loan facilities, revolving credit facility and senior notes. Costs incurred in connection with term loan facilities and senior notes are capitalized and offset against the carrying amount of the related indebtedness. These costs are amortized
over the term of the related indebtedness, and are included in interest expense in the condensed combined and consolidated statement of operations. Costs incurred in connection with the Operating Partnership s entrance into the revolving credit
facility are capitalized as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets. These costs are amortized over the term of the revolving credit facility, and are included in interest expense in the condensed combined and consolidated statement of
operations. The Company recognized non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of deferred financing costs of $2.7 million and $4.4 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  
  NOTE 7   INCOME TAXES     The Company
accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this
method, the Company determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.  
 The Company will elect to be taxed as a REIT as defined under Section 856(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ), commencing with its taxable year ending December 31, 2016. To qualify as a REIT, the Company must meet certain organizational, income, asset and distribution tests. Accordingly, except as described below, the Company will
generally not be subject to corporate U.S. federal or state income tax to the extent that it makes qualifying distributions of all of its taxable income to its shareholders and provided it satisfies on a continuing basis, through actual investment
and operating results, the REIT requirements, including certain asset, income, distribution and share ownership tests. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, without
regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that it pay taxes at regular corporate income tax rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100% of its taxable income. The Company anticipates that it
will distribute at least 100% of its taxable income in the taxable year ending December 31, 2016. Accordingly, for periods subsequent to the IPO Date, the accompanying condensed combined and consolidated financial statements do not reflect a
provision for federal income taxes. However, the Company may still be subject to federal excise tax, as well as certain state and local income and franchise taxes. 
      12  

Table of Contents  

The Landlord is required to join in the filing of a New Jersey consolidated corporation business tax return under the New Jersey Casino
Control Act and include in such return its income and expenses associated with its New Jersey assets and is thus subject to an entity level tax in New Jersey. Although the consolidated New Jersey return also includes MGM and certain of its
subsidiaries, the Company is required to record New Jersey state income taxes in the accompanying financial statements as if the Landlord was taxed for state purposes on a stand-alone basis. The Company and MGM have agreed to enter into a tax
sharing agreement providing for an allocation of taxes due in the consolidated New Jersey return. Pursuant to this agreement, the Landlord will only be responsible for New Jersey taxes on any gain that may be realized upon a future sale of the
New Jersey assets resulting solely from an appreciation in value of such assets over their value on the date they were contributed to the Landlord by a subsidiary of MGM. MGM is responsible for all other taxes reported in the New Jersey
consolidated return. Accordingly, the provision for current taxes and the deferred tax liability in the accompanying financial statements are attributable to noncontrolling interest since the payment of such taxes are the responsibility of MGM.
   The Company was included in the consolidated or unitary income tax returns of MGM for all Predecessor periods. In the accompanying
financial statements, the Predecessor periods reflect income taxes as if the Company was a separate stand-alone company.      
   The Company assesses its tax positions using a two-step process. A tax position is recognized if it meets
a  more likely than not  threshold, and is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized. Uncertain tax positions must be reviewed at each balance sheet date. Liabilities
recorded as a result of this analysis must generally be recorded separately from any current or deferred income tax accounts. The Company currently has no uncertain tax positions. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. No interest or penalties were recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 Since the Company was formed during 2016 it has not filed any U.S. federal, state or local income tax returns as of September 30,
2016. The Company will file income tax returns in the required jurisdictions within the next 12 months.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 8   SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST   
 On the IPO Date, MGP completed the initial public offering of 57,500,000 of its Class A shares representing limited liability company
interests at an initial offering price of $21.00 per share, inclusive of the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase 7,500,000 Class A shares. MGM retained ownership of MGP s single Class B share. The Class B share is
a non-economic interest in MGP which does not provide its holder any rights to profits or losses or any rights to receive distributions from operations of MGP or upon liquidation or winding up of MGP. MGP s Class B shareholder is entitled to an
amount of votes representing a majority of the total voting power of MGP s shares. If the holder of the Class B share and its controlled affiliates  (excluding MGP and its subsidiaries) aggregate beneficial ownership of the combined
economic interests in MGP and the Operating Partnership falls below 30%, the Class B share is no longer entitled to any voting rights. To the extent that the Class B share is entitled to majority voting power pursuant to MGP s operating
agreement, MGM may only transfer the Class B share (other than transfers to us and MGM s controlled affiliates) if and to the extent that such transfer is approved by special approval by an independent conflicts committee, not to be
unreasonably withheld. When determining whether to grant such approval, the conflicts committee must take into account the interests of MGP s Class A shareholders and MGP ahead of the interests of the holder of the Class B share. No par
value is attributed to the Company s Class A and Class B shares.    MGP contributed the proceeds from its initial public offering
to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 26.7% of the outstanding Operating Partnership units, and its ownership interest in the Operating Partnership was subsequently reduced to 23.7% as a result of the issuance of Operating Partnership units
in connection with the Borgata Transaction. Certain subsidiaries of MGM now hold 76.3% of the outstanding Operating Partnership units, an increase from their 73.3% ownership interest held prior to the Borgata Transaction. The Operating Partnership
units held by subsidiaries of MGM are redeemable for cash or into Class A shares on a one-for-one basis, at the election of MGP s independent conflicts committee. Management has evaluated whether it controls the actions or events necessary
to issue the maximum number of shares that could be delivered under the share settlement of these Operating Partnership units. Based on the results of this analysis, management concluded that these convertible Operating Partnership units met the
criteria to be classified within consolidated equity at September 30, 2016.    On September 15, 2016, the Operating Partnership
announced a cash distribution to holders of Operating Partnership units of $94.1 million or $0.3875 per Operating Partnership unit. The Company concurrently declared a cash dividend for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, of $22.3 million or
$0.3875 per Class A share payable to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2016. The distribution and dividend were paid on October 14, 2016.  
 On July 15, 2016, the Operating Partnership made a cash distribution of $56.7 million relating to the second quarter dividend declared with
respect to MGP s Class A shares. The Company concurrently paid a pro rata cash dividend of $15.1 million to its Class A shareholders.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the Company s changes in shareholders  equity for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016:      
   The Company has adjusted additional paid-in-capital and noncontrolling interest as a result of the Borgata
Transaction to adjust for the change in the noncontrolling interest s ownership percentage of the Operating Partnership s net assets, including assets and liabilities transferred as a part of the Borgata Transaction.  
  NOTE 9   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION   
  2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan . The Company s omnibus incentive plan (the  Omnibus Plan ), allows it to grant share
options, share appreciation rights ( SARs ), restricted shares, restricted share units ( RSUs ), performance shares, performance share units ( PSUs ) and other share-based awards to eligible directors, officers and
employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without limitation, the Operating Partnership and MGM. The Omnibus Plan is administered by the Board of Directors (the  Board ). The Board has discretion under the
Omnibus Plan regarding which type of awards to grant, the vesting and service requirements, exercise price and other conditions, in all cases subject to certain limits, including:  

The Omnibus Plan allows for the issuance of up to 2.5 million shares; and        

Limits on the maximum amount of shares to be granted, in the aggregate, to any individual participant within any fiscal year as well as limits on the maximum aggregate grant date value (regardless of type(s) of award
granted) in any fiscal year to any non-employee director of the Company; and        

For share options and SARs, the exercise price of the award must be at least equal to the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant and the maximum term of such an award is 10 years.    
 RSUs granted vest ratably over four years, except for RSUs granted to non-employee directors of the Company and its affiliates which vest at
the earlier of one year or the date of the next annual meeting of the Company s shareholders following the date of grant (for the non-employee directors of the Company) or the next annual meeting of MGM s shareholders after June 1,
2016 (for the non-employee directors of MGM). Expense is recognized primarily on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the awards, net of estimated forfeitures. Estimated forfeitures are updated periodically with actual forfeitures
recognized currently to the extent they differ from the estimate.    PSUs granted vest subject to a market condition, in which a percentage
of the target award granted vests based on the Company s percentile rank of Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) in relation to a comparison group of peer companies at the end of a three year performance period. The PSUs vest at defined
percentages. No shares are issued unless the TSR is above the thirtieth percentile of the comparison group, and the maximum payout is capped at 160% of the target award should the TSR be in the ninetieth percentile or greater. Should the
Company s TSR be negative during the performance period, then the maximum portion of the target award eligible for vesting is 100%. Expense is recognized on a graded basis over the performance period beginning on the date of grant. Estimated
forfeitures are updated periodically with actual forfeitures recognized currently to the extent they differ from the estimate.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The Board may grant any participant dividend equivalent rights ( Dividend Equivalent
Rights ) based on the dividends paid on shares that are subject to any award other than options or SARs, to be credited as of dividend payment dates, during the period between the date the award is granted and the date the award is exercised,
is settled, is paid, vests or expires. Dividend Equivalent Rights relating to awards that vest or become payable or earned in whole or in part subject to performance goals or conditions will be subject to the same performance goals or conditions as
the underlying award. Regardless of if the dividends are paid in cash or in-kind (share-based awards with equivalent value) the rights are recorded to retained earnings with a credit to cash or additional paid-in capital (if in-kind awards are
paid).    As of September 30, 2016, the Company had an aggregate of 2.0 million Class A shares available for grant as share-based
awards under the Omnibus Plan. A summary of activity under the Company s share-based payment plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below:  
   Restricted share units ( RSUs ) and performance share units ( PSUs )    
   
   Shares granted in the above table include share-based compensation awards granted to eligible directors,
officers and employees of the Company and MGM, and include Dividend Equivalent Rights on RSUs and PSUs. In accordance with applicable U.S. GAAP, the Company only recognizes share-based compensation expense related to its eligible directors, officers
and employees.    As of September 30, 2016, there was a total of $0.7 million of unamortized compensation related to RSUs which is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1 year. As of September 30, 2016, there was a total of $0.8 million of unamortized compensation related to PSUs which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.5
years.     Recognition of compensation cost.  Compensation cost for the Omnibus Plan was $0.2 million and $0.3 million for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.    For RSUs, compensation expense is calculated based on the fair market value
of our Class A shares on the date of grant. Compensation cost for PSUs granted under the Omnibus Plan is based on the fair value of each award, measured by applying a Monte Carlo simulation method on the date of grant, using the following
weighted-average assumptions:      
   Expected volatility is based in part on historical volatility and in part on implied volatility based on
traded shares of the Company s Class A shares. The expected term is equal to the three year performance period. The risk-free interest rate is based on the rates in effect on the grant date for U.S. Treasury instruments with maturities matching
the relevant expected term of the award.     NOTE 10   NET INCOME PER SHARE   
 The table below provides net income and the number of Class A shares used in the computations of  basic  net income per share,
which utilizes the weighted-average number of Class A shares outstanding without regard to dilutive potential Class A shares, and  diluted  net income per share, which includes all such shares. Net income attributable to Class A
shares, weighted average    Class A shares outstanding and the effect of dilutive securities outstanding are presented for the period subsequent to the
IPO Date. Net income per share has not been presented for the Class B shareholder as the Class B share is not entitled to any economic rights.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

NOTE 11   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
  Ground leases.  The Company was assigned ground leases in the Borgata Transaction as discussed in Note 3. Such amounts will be paid
by the Tenant pursuant to the Master Lease through 2046 (including renewal periods). Estimated minimum lease payments pursuant to the ground leases through 2070 are as follows:  
   
    Litigation.  In the ordinary course of business, from time to time, MGP expects to be subject to legal
claims and administrative proceedings, none of which are currently outstanding, which MGP believes could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations, liquidity or
cash flows.     NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
 On October 26, 2016, the Operating Partnership completed a re-pricing of its $1.84 billion term loan B facility. As a result of the
re-pricing, the term loan B facility will initially bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.75%, with a LIBOR floor of 0.75%. In addition, the Operating Partnership will receive a further reduction in pricing to LIBOR plus 2.50%, with a LIBOR floor of 0.75%
so long as it achieves a minimum corporate credit rating and corporate family rating of Ba3 and BB-, respectively. All other principal provisions of the Company s existing credit facility remain unchanged.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     
 This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. Please see  Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks, and assumptions that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those
discussed in the forward-looking statements.    The following discussion and analysis is based on, and should be read in conjunction with,
the condensed combined and consolidated financial statements and the related condensed notes thereto, of MGP and the Predecessor for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The results of operations for periods prior
to April 25, 2016 relate solely to the Predecessor, while the results of operations from the IPO Date through September 30, 2016 reflect the results of MGP subsequent to the April 25, 2016 initial public offering.  
 References to  we,   our,   us,   the Company,  or  MGP  refer to MGM Growth Properties LLC
and its consolidated affiliates, including the Operating Partnership, through which MGP conducts its operations. References to the  Predecessor  are to the real estate activity and holdings of the entities that own the historical interests
in the assets of the IPO Properties.     Executive Overview   
 We are a limited liability company that was formed in Delaware on October 23, 2015. We conduct our operations through our Operating
Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership formed by MGM on January 6, 2016 and acquired by us on the IPO Date. The Company intends to make an election on our U.S. federal income tax return for our taxable year ending December 31, 2016 to
be treated as a REIT.    Following the completion of our initial public offering, we became a publicly traded REIT primarily engaged in the
real property business which consists of owning, acquiring and leasing large-scale destination entertainment and leisure resort properties, whose tenants generally offer casino gaming, hotel, convention, dining, entertainment and retail. MGM
continued to hold a controlling interest in us following the completion of our initial public offering through its ownership of our single Class B share. The Class B share is a non-economic interest in MGP which does not provide its holder any
rights to profits or losses or any rights to receive distributions from operations of MGP or upon liquidation or winding up of MGP but which represents a majority of the voting power of MGP s shares. In addition, MGM continues to hold a
majority economic interest in the Operating Partnership through its direct and indirect ownership of Operating Partnership units. One of our subsidiaries is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership.  
 We generate all of our revenues by leasing our real estate properties through the Landlord, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating
Partnership, to the Tenant, a subsidiary of MGM, in a  triple-net  lease arrangement, which requires the Tenant to pay substantially all costs associated with each property, including real estate taxes, insurance, utilities and routine
maintenance, in addition to the base rent and the percentage rent, each as described below. The Master Lease has an initial lease term of ten years with the potential to extend the term for four additional five-year terms thereafter at the option of
the Tenant. Additionally, the Master Lease provides us with a right of first offer to purchase the real estate assets with respect to the ROFO Properties currently under construction in the event that MGM elects to sell them. The annual rent
payments due under the Master Lease were initially $550 million and increased to $650 million for the remainder of the year following the completion of the Borgata Transaction. Payments under the Master Lease are guaranteed by MGM.  
 As of September 30, 2016, our portfolio consisted of ten premier destination resorts operated by MGM, including properties that we
believe are among the world s finest casino resorts, and The Park in Las Vegas.     Borgata Transaction   
 On August 1, 2016, MGM completed its acquisition of Boyd Gaming s ownership interest in Borgata. Immediately following such
transaction, we acquired Borgata s real property from MGM for consideration consisting of the assumption by the Landlord of $545 million of indebtedness from a subsidiary of MGM and the issuance of 27.4 million Operating Partnership units to a
subsidiary of MGM. The real property related to Borgata was then leased back to a subsidiary of MGM under an amendment to the existing Master Lease.  
 Pursuant to the amendment, the initial annual rent payment to the Landlord increased by $100 million, prorated for the remainder of the first
lease year after the Borgata Transaction. Consistent with the Master Lease terms, 90% of this rent will be fixed and contractually grow at 2% per lease year until 2022.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  The Borgata Transaction was accounted for as a transaction under common control, and therefore we
recorded the Borgata real estate assets at their carryover value of $1.3 billion as determined by MGM in its preliminary purchase price allocation. In addition, we recognized an above market lease liability and an above market lease asset related to
ground leases assigned to the Landlord as part of the Borgata Transaction covering approximately 20 acres partially underlying and adjacent to the Borgata. Under terms of the Master Lease the Tenant is responsible for the rent payments related to
these ground leases during the term of the Master Lease. We are amortizing the above market lease liability on a straight-line basis over the terms of the underlying ground leases, which extend through 2070. We are amortizing the above market lease
asset on a straight-line basis over the term of the Master Lease, which extends through 2046 (including reasonably assured renewal periods pursuant to the terms of the Master Lease).  
  Master Lease     Rent under the Master
Lease consists of the base rent and the percentage rent. The annual rent payments due under the Master Lease were initially $550 million, which increased to $650 million after the Borgata Transaction for the remainder of the first year. For the
first year, the base rent represents 90% of the initial total rent payments due under the Master Lease, or $585 million, and the percentage rent represents 10% of the initial total rent payments due under the Master Lease, or $65 million.  
  Base Rent     The base rent
is a base annual amount for the duration of the lease and includes a fixed annual rent escalator of 2.0% for the second through the sixth lease years (as defined in the Master Lease). Thereafter, the annual escalator of 2.0% will be subject to the
Tenant and, without duplication, the Operating Subtenants of the properties collectively meeting an adjusted net revenue to rent ratio of 6.25:1.00 based on their net revenue from the leased properties subject to the Master Lease as determined in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, adjusted to exclude net revenue attributable to certain scheduled subleases and, at the Tenant s option, reimbursed cost revenue. Base rent and percentage rent that are known at the lease commencement date will be
recorded on a straight-line basis over 30 years, which represents the initial ten-year non-cancelable lease term and all four five-year renewal terms under the Master Lease, as such renewal terms have been determined to be reasonably assured.  
  Percentage Rent     The
percentage rent is a variable percentage rent which consists of a fixed annual amount for approximately the first six years of our Master Lease and is then adjusted every five years thereafter based on the average actual annual net revenues of the
Tenant, and, without duplication, the Operating Subtenants from the leased properties subject to the Master Lease at such time during the trailing five-calendar-year period (calculated by multiplying the average annual net revenues (excluding net
revenue attributable to certain scheduled subleases and, at the Tenant s option, reimbursed cost revenue) for the trailing five-calendar-year period by 1.4%).  
 Under the Master Lease, the Tenant is required to maintain the premises in reasonably good order and repair. The Master Lease requires the
Tenant to spend an aggregate amount of at least 1% of actual adjusted net revenues from the properties per calendar year on capital expenditures.  
  General and Administrative and Corporate Services   
 We incur general and administrative expenses for items such as compensation costs, professional services, legal expenses, certain costs of
being a public company, office costs and other costs associated with development activities. In addition, we incur costs for corporate services from MGM for amounts reimbursed to MGM under the Corporate Services Agreement that covers financial,
administrative and operational support services, including accounting and finance support, human resources support, legal and regulatory compliance support, insurance advisory services, internal audit services, governmental affairs monitoring and
reporting services, information technology support, construction services and various other support services.    We estimate that our
general and administrative costs will be between $10 million to $15 million per year. Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, the Operating Partnership is required to pay for or reimburse us for these
expenses (and generally for any expenses we incur relating to the operation of, or for the benefit of, the Operating Partnership or us). Any such reimbursements are taken into account by our wholly owned subsidiary, the general partner, before
causing the Operating Partnership to make any distributions to holders of Operating Partnership units and do not affect our pro rata entitlement, as a holder of Operating Partnership units, to distributions from the Operating Partnership.  
 Expenditures necessary to maintain our properties in reasonably good order and repair are paid or reimbursed by the Tenant pursuant to the
Master Lease with respect to the properties. Other operating expenses relating to the properties such as property taxes and insurance are also paid or reimbursed by the Tenant.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

   Combined Results of Operations for the Predecessor and MGP   
   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
   Overview      The
following comparative discussion of results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflects the results of operations of the Predecessor through April 24, 2016 combined with the results of operations of MGP from
the IPO Date through September 30, 2016. The prior year periods reflect solely the results of operations of the Predecessor.      
     Revenues    
 Revenues, including property taxes reimbursed by Tenant, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $172.5 million and $283.4
million, respectively. Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 represent revenues generated by the Company from April 25, 2016 through September 30, 2016. The Predecessor generated no revenues during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Tenant reimbursement income arises from the triple-net structure of the Master Lease which provides for the recovery of all of the operating expenses and property taxes of the properties. This revenue is
recognized in the same periods as the expense is incurred.      Operating Expenses    
  Depreciation.  Depreciation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $54.3 million and $158.9 million,
respectively, which includes depreciation expense of the Predecessor through April 24, 2016 of $63.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Depreciation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was
$54.2 million and $145.8 million, respectively, which solely relates to the depreciation expense of the Predecessor. Depreciation expense for both the three and nine month periods increased primarily due to depreciation recognized on property
improvements during the year as well as accelerated depreciation recognized on assets disposed of during the year.     Property
transactions, net.  Property transactions, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $1.4 million and $2.7 million, respectively, compared to $0 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, and relate to
normal losses on the disposition of assets recognized during the year. The Predecessor did not have any property transactions, net during the comparative prior year periods.  
  Property taxes.  Property tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $17.7 million and $44.2 million,
respectively, compared to $12.1 million and $37.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. This increase was due to higher property tax assessments and the addition of Borgata during the three months ended
September 30, 2016.     Property insurance.  Property insurance expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
$0 and $2.9 million, respectively, compared to $2.5 million and $7.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Property insurance expense decreased in the current year periods because MGP does not recognize
property insurance expense following the IPO Date due to such costs being direct costs of the Tenant and not an obligation of MGP.  
  Acquisition-related expenses.    Acquisition-related expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $9.5
million and $10.1 million, respectively, which were expenses incurred in connection with the Borgata Transaction including real estate transfer taxes of $6.8 million and titles fees of $2.1 million. The Predecessor did not have any
acquisition-related expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.     General and administrative expenses.  General
and administrative expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.7 million and $6.5 million, respectively, which primarily relates to payroll costs and share-based compensation expense. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $0.1 million and $1.5 million of certain costs relating to payroll and relocation costs, respectively. The Predecessor did not have any general and administrative expense for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

    Non-Operating Expenses    
 Total non-operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $43.2 million and $72.8 million, respectively,
primarily related to interest expense on our senior secured credit facility and senior notes, which included amortization of debt issuance costs of $2.7 million and $4.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively. There were no non-operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

    Supplemental Data: Results of Operations Subsequent to the IPO Date    
 The following table summarizes the condensed combined and consolidated results of operations of MGP for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016:     
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

    Non-GAAP Measures    
 Funds From Operations ( FFO ) is net income (computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP), excluding gains and losses from sales or
disposals of property (presented as property transactions, net), plus real estate depreciation, as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts.  
 Adjusted Funds From Operations ( AFFO ) is FFO as adjusted for amortization of financing costs, the net amortization of the above
market lease, non-cash compensation expense, acquisition-related expenses, the provision for income taxes and the net effect of straight-line rents.  
 Adjusted EBITDA is net income (computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP), excluding gains and losses from sales or disposals of property
(presented as property transactions, net), plus real estate depreciation, interest expense (including amortization of financing costs), the net amortization of the above market lease, non-cash compensation expense, acquisition-related expenses, the
provision for income taxes and the net effect of straight-line rents.    Management believes that FFO, FFO per unit, AFFO, AFFO per unit and
Adjusted EBITDA are useful supplemental performance measures that have not been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP to investors in comparing operating and financial results between periods. Management believes that this is especially true since
these measures exclude real estate depreciation and amortization expense and management believes that real estate values fluctuate based on market conditions rather than depreciating in value ratably on a straight-line basis over time. The Company
believes such a presentation also provides investors with a more meaningful measure of the Company s operating results in comparison to the operating results of other REITs. Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors to further supplement AFFO and
FFO and to provide investors a performance metric which excludes interest expense. In addition to non-cash items, beginning with the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised its calculations of AFFO and Adjusted EBITDA for acquisition-related
expenses. While we do not label these expenses as non-recurring, infrequent or unusual, management believes that it is helpful to adjust for these expenses when they do occur to allow for comparability of results between periods because each
acquisition is (and will be) of varying size and complexity and may involve different types of expenses depending on the type of property being acquired and from whom. This revision to such calculations had no significant impact on our
AFFO and Adjusted EBITDA as reported in prior periods.    FFO, FFO per unit, AFFO, AFFO per unit and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent cash
flow from operations as defined by U.S. GAAP, should not be considered as an alternative to net income as defined by U.S. GAAP and are not indicative of cash available to fund all cash flow needs. Investors are also cautioned that FFO, FFO per unit,
AFFO, AFFO per unit and Adjusted EBITDA as presented, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other REITs due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions.  
 The following table presents a reconciliation of FFO, AFFO and Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) attributable to MGP:  

23  

Table of Contents  

   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Property rental revenue is our primary source of cash and is dependent on the Tenant s ability to pay rent. Our primary uses of cash
include payment of operating expenses, debt service and distributions to shareholders and unitholders. We believe we currently have sufficient liquidity to satisfy all our commitments in the form of $340 million in cash and cash equivalents and $600
million of borrowing capacity under the Operating Partnership s revolving credit facility as of September 30, 2016.  
   Summary of Cash Flows    
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $182.4 million, which includes cash inflows
from rental revenues and outflows for general and administrative expenses and acquisition-related expenses as well as interest payments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, operating outflows included $19.8 million related to activities
of the Predecessor prior to the IPO Date funded by MGM. Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $45.3 million, which was primarily attributable to the operating expenses of the Predecessor.  
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $139.0 million, which was primarily attributable
to capital expenditures, compared to cash used in investing activities of $24.6 million during the same prior year period. Such amounts were funded by MGM and relate to the activity of the Predecessor prior to the IPO Date.  
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $296.9 million, which was primarily
attributable to net proceeds of $3.6 billion from the issuance of debt and net proceeds of $1.1 billion received from the issuance of Class A shares, partially offset by the $4.5 billion repayment of the bridge facilities that were assumed by
the Operating Partnership in connection with the Formation Transactions and the Borgata Transaction. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $69.8 million, which represents the net amount
transferred from MGM related to the Predecessor.      Dividends and Distributions    
 On June 16, 2016, the Operating Partnership announced a cash distribution to holders of Operating Partnership units of $0.2632 per unit
(which amount was based on a distribution of $0.3575 per Operating Partnership unit for a full quarter). The Company s Board of Directors concurrently declared a pro rata cash dividend for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, of $0.2632 per
Class A share (which amount was based on a dividend of $0.3575 per Class A share for a full quarter) payable to shareholders of record as of June 30, 2016. The distribution and dividend were paid on July 15, 2016.  
 On September 15, 2016, the Operating Partnership announced a cash distribution to holders of Operating Partnership units of $0.3875 per
Operating Partnership unit. The Company s Board of Directors concurrently declared a cash dividend for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of $0.3875 per Class A share payable to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2016.
The distribution and dividend were paid on October 14, 2016.    In the future, MGP expects to pay quarterly dividends in cash of
approximately $22 million equal to $0.3875 per share (or $89.1 million on an annualized basis equal to $1.55 per share) to its Class A shareholders, which amount may be changed in the future at the discretion of the Board of Directors and
management.    The Company intends to make an election on its federal income tax return for its taxable year ending December 31, 2016
to be treated as a REIT. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that it pay
taxes at regular corporate income tax rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100% of its taxable income. Commencing with our taxable year ending on December 31, 2016, our annual distribution will not be less than 90% of our
REIT taxable income on an annual basis, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains.  
   Principal Debt Arrangements    
 As of September 30, 2016 we had $3.7 billion principal amount of indebtedness in the form of senior secured credit facilities and senior
notes. The Operating Partnership s senior credit facilities include a $292.5 million term loan A facility which matures in 2021, a $1.84 billion term loan B facility which matures in 2023 and a $600 million revolving credit facility which also
matures in 2021. The revolving credit facility remained undrawn as of September 30, 2016. The Operating Partnership s $1.05 billion and $500 million principal amounts of senior notes will mature in 2024 and 2026, respectively.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  On October 26, 2016, the Operating Partnership completed a re-pricing of its $1.84 billion term
loan B facility. As a result of the re-pricing, the term loan B facility will initially bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.75%, with a LIBOR floor of 0.75%. In addition, the Operating Partnership will receive a further reduction in pricing to LIBOR
plus 2.50%, with a LIBOR floor of 0.75% so long as it achieves a minimum corporate credit rating and corporate family rating of Ba3 and BB-, respectively. All other principal provisions of the Operating Partnership s existing credit
facility remain unchanged.    The Operating Partnership s senior secured credit facility contains customary covenants that, among other
things limit the ability of the Operating Partnership and its restricted subsidiaries to: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) merge with a third party or engage in other fundamental changes; (iii) make restricted payments;
(iv) enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any liens; (v) make certain sales and other dispositions of assets; (vi) enter into certain transactions with affiliates; (vii) make certain payments on other
indebtedness; (viii) make certain investments; and (ix) incur restrictions on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make distributions, loans or transfers of assets to the Operating Partnership or any restricted subsidiary. These
covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications, including, with respect to the restricted payments covenant, the ability to make unlimited restricted payments to maintain our REIT status. The revolving credit facility
and the term loan A facility require the Operating Partnership to comply with certain financial covenants, which may restrict the Operating Partnership s ability to incur additional debt to fund its obligations in the near term. As of September
30, 2016, the Operating Partnership was required to have a senior secured net debt to adjusted total assets ratio of not more than 0.40 to1.00, a total net debt to adjusted total assets ratio of not more than 0.60 to 1.00, and an interest coverage
ratio of not less than 2.00 to1.00. The Operating Partnership was in compliance with its credit agreement covenants at September 30, 2016.  
 The Operating Partnership s senior secured credit facility also provides for customary events of default, including, without limitation,
(i) payment defaults, (ii) inaccuracies of representations and warranties, (iii) covenant defaults, (iv) cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness in excess of specified amounts, (v) certain events of bankruptcy and
insolvency, (vi) judgment defaults in excess of specified amounts, (vii) actual or asserted invalidity or impairment of any loan documentation, (viii) the security documents cease to create a valid and perfected first priority lien on
any material portion of the collateral, (ix) ERISA defaults, (x) termination of the Master Lease and (xi) change of control. The term loan facilities are subject to amortization of principal in equal quarterly installments, with 5.0%
of the initial aggregate principal amount of the term loan A facility and 1.0% of the initial aggregate principal amount of the term loan B facility to be payable each year. The revolving credit facility and the term loan facilities are both
guaranteed by each of the Operating Partnership s existing and subsequently acquired direct and indirect wholly-owned material domestic restricted subsidiaries, and secured by a first lien security interest on substantially all of the Operating
Partnership s and such restricted subsidiaries  material assets, including mortgages on the properties, subject to customary exclusions.  
 The senior notes are guaranteed by all of the Operating Partnership s direct and indirect wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries
that guarantee the senior credit facility (other than MGP Finance Co-Issuer, Inc., which is co-issuer of the senior notes). The senior notes are unsecured and otherwise rank equally in right of payment with our future senior indebtedness. The senior
notes are effectively subordinated to the Operating Partnership s existing and future secured obligations, including the Operating Partnership s revolving credit facility and the term loan facilities, to the extent of the value of the
assets securing such obligations. The indentures governing the senior notes contain certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The occurrence of an event of default under the indentures governing the senior notes
could cause a cross-default that could result in the acceleration of other indebtedness, including all outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and the term loan facilities.  
   Capital Expenditures    
 We may agree, at MGM s request, to fund the cost of certain capital improvements at arm s-length terms and conditions, which may
include an agreed upon increase in rent under the Master Lease. Otherwise, except as described below in connection with a deconsolidation event, capital expenditures for the properties leased under the Master Lease are the responsibility of the
Tenant. The Master Lease requires the Tenant to spend an aggregate amount of at least 1% of actual adjusted net revenues from the properties per calendar year on capital expenditures.  
 Although the Tenant is responsible for all capital expenditures during the term of the Master Lease, if, in the future, a deconsolidation
event occurs, we will be required to pay the Tenant, should the Tenant so elect, for all Non-Normal Tenant Improvements, and subject to an initial cap of $100 million in the first year of the Master Lease increasing on a cumulative basis by $75
million on the first day of each lease year thereafter. Examples of Non-Normal Tenant Improvements include the costs of structural elements at the properties, including capital improvements that expand the footprint or square footage of any of the
properties or extend the useful life of the properties. In addition, equipment that would be a necessary improvement at any of the properties, including elevators, air conditioning systems, or electrical wiring that are integral to such property
would qualify as a Non-Normal Tenant Improvement.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  Except as described in the two preceding paragraphs, the Tenant is required to pay for all
maintenance expenditures and capital improvements. The Landlord is entitled to receive additional rent based on the 10-year Treasury yield plus 600 basis points multiplied by the value of the new capital improvements the Landlord is required to pay
for in connection with a deconsolidation event, and such capital improvements will be subject to the terms of the Master Lease.     Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements     We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.  
  Commitments and Contractual Obligations   
 The following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016:  

(1) 
 Estimated interest payments are based on principal amounts and expected maturities of debt outstanding at September 30, 2016 and LIBOR rates as of September 30, 2016 for our senior credit facility, which does
not reflect the impact of the term loan B facility re-pricing that occurred on October 26, 2016.        

(2) 
 Commitments under ground leases extending through 2070 assigned to the Company in the Borgata Transaction as discussed in Note 3 to the accompanying financial statements. Such amounts will be paid by the Tenant
pursuant to the Master Lease through 2046 (including renewal periods).       Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
    Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We have identified certain accounting policies that we believe are
the most critical to the presentation of our financial information over a period of time. These accounting policies may require our management to make decisions on subjective and/or complex matters relating to reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenue, costs, expenses and related disclosures. These would further lead us to estimate the effect of matters that may inherently be uncertain.  
 Estimates are required in order to prepare the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. Significant estimates, judgments, and
assumptions are required in a number of areas, including, but not limited to, determining the useful lives of real estate properties, evaluating the impairment of long-lived assets and the allocation of income taxes. The judgment on such estimates
and underlying assumptions is based on our historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These form the basis of our judgment on matters that may not be apparent from other available sources
of information. In many instances changes in the accounting estimates are likely to occur from period to period. Actual results may differ from the estimates. The future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows may be affected to the extent that the actual results differ materially from our estimates.      Income Taxes   REIT
Qualification      We will elect to be taxed and will qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our
taxable year ending December 31, 2016, and we intend to continue to be organized and to operate in a manner that will permit us to qualify as a REIT. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements,
including a requirement to distribute at least 90% of our annual REIT taxable income to shareholders, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to
federal income tax on income that we pay as distributions to our shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will for that year and subsequent years be subject to U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable
alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates, and distributions paid to our shareholders would not be deductible by us in computing taxable income. Any resulting corporate liability could be substantial and
could materially and adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to shareholders. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from re-electing to be taxed as a REIT for
the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify to be taxed as a REIT.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

    Real Estate Investments    
 Real estate costs related to the acquisition and improvement of properties are capitalized and include expenditures that materially extend the
useful lives of existing assets. We consider the period of future benefit of an asset to determine its appropriate useful life. Depreciation on our buildings and improvements is computed using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life
of 3 to 40 years. If we use a shorter or longer estimated useful life, it could have a material impact on our results of operations. We believe that 3 to 40 years is an appropriate estimate of useful life.  
   Impairment of Real Estate Investments    
 We continually monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amount of our property and equipment may not
be recoverable or realized. In accordance with accounting standards governing the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets, the carrying value of long-lived assets, including land, buildings and improvements, land improvements, and integral
equipment is evaluated whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment has occurred relative to a given asset or assets. Factors that could result in an impairment review include, but are not limited to, a current
period cash flow loss combined with a history of cash flow losses, current cash flows that may be insufficient to recover the investment in the property over the remaining useful life, a projection that demonstrates continuing losses associated with
the use of a long-lived asset, significant changes in the manner of use of the assets, or significant changes in business strategies. If such circumstances arise, we use an estimate of the undiscounted value of expected future operating cash flows
to determine whether the long-lived assets are impaired. If the aggregate undiscounted cash flows plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the asset (if any) are less than the carrying amount of the assets, the resulting impairment charge to
be recorded is calculated based on the excess of the carrying value of the assets over the fair value of such assets, with the fair value determined based on an estimate of discounted future cash flows, appraisals or other valuation techniques.  
  Market Risk     Our primary market risk
exposure is interest rate risk with respect to our existing indebtedness. As of September 30, 2016, we have incurred indebtedness in principal amount of approximately $3.7 billion. An increase in interest rates could make the financing of any
acquisition by us more costly as well as increase the costs of our variable rate debt obligations. Rising interest rates could also limit our ability to refinance our debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing and
increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness.    We may manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to our borrowings by means of
interest rate swap agreements. We also expect to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by maintaining a mix of fixed and variable rates for our indebtedness. However, the REIT provisions of the Code substantially limit our ability to hedge our
assets and liabilities.    We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes and do not enter into derivative transactions
that would be considered speculative positions. As of September 30, 2016, long-term variable rate borrowings represented approximately 57.9% of our total borrowings. Assuming a 100 basis-point increase in LIBOR (in the case of the term loan B
facility, over the 0.75% floor specified in our senior secured credit facility), our annual interest cost would change by approximately $21 million based on gross amounts outstanding at September 30, 2016 (which does not reflect the impact of
the term loan B facility re-pricing that occurred on October 26, 2016). The following table provides additional information about our gross long-term debt subject to changes in interest rates:  
   
    Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. In particular, statements pertaining to our capital resources and the amount and frequency of future distributions contain forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as  believes,   expects,   could,   may,   will,   should,   seeks,   likely,   intends,   plans,   pro
forma,   projects,   estimates  or  anticipates  or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases that are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and that do not relate solely
to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make regarding the timing and amount of
any future dividend.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on
them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and we may not be able to realize them. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will
happen as described (or that they will happen at all). The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements:  

We are dependent on MGM (including its subsidiaries) unless and until we substantially diversify our portfolio, and an event that has a material adverse effect on MGM s business, financial position or results of
operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.        

We depend on the properties for all of our anticipated cash flows.        

We may not be able to re-lease our properties following the expiration or termination of the Master Lease.        

Our sole material assets are Operating Partnership units representing 23.7% of the ownership interests in the Operating Partnership, over which we have operating control through our ownership of its general partner, and
our ownership interest in the general partner of the Operating Partnership. Because our interest in the Operating Partnership represents our only cash-generating asset, our cash flows and distributions depend entirely on the performance of the
Operating Partnership and its ability to distribute cash to us.        

The Master Lease restricts our ability to sell the properties or our interests in the Operating Partnership and Landlord.        

We will have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms.        

Covenants in our debt agreements may limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach or default could materially adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations.    

Rising expenses could reduce cash flow and funds available for future acquisitions and distributions.        

We have a limited operating history and the Predecessor historical financial information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not be a reliable indicator of future results.    

We are dependent on the gaming industry and may be susceptible to the risks associated with it, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations.    

Because a majority of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip (the  Strip ), we are subject to greater risks than a company that is more geographically diversified.    

Our pursuit of investments in, and acquisitions or development of, additional properties (including our acquisition of the ROFO Properties) may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations.    

We may face extensive regulation from gaming and other regulatory authorities, and our operating agreement provides that any of our shares held by investors who are found to be unsuitable by state gaming regulatory
authorities are subject to redemption.        

Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit future leases or transfers of our gaming properties, which could result in periods in which we are unable to receive rent for such properties.    

Net leases may not result in fair market lease rates over time, which could negatively impact our income and reduce the amount of funds available to make distributions to shareholders.    

Our dividend yield could be reduced if we were to sell any of our properties in the future.    
      28  

Table of Contents  

There can be no assurance that we will be able to make distributions to our Class A shareholders or maintain our anticipated level of distributions over time.    

An increase in market interest rates could increase our interest costs on existing and future debt and could adversely affect the price of our Class A shares.    

We are controlled by MGM, whose interests in our business may conflict with ours or yours.        

We are dependent on MGM for the provision of administration services to our operations and assets.        

MGM s historical results may not be a reliable indicator of its future results.        

Our operating agreement contains provisions that reduce or eliminate duties (including fiduciary duties) of our directors, officers and others.    

If MGM engages in the same type of business we conduct, our ability to successfully operate and expand our business may be hampered.    

The Master Lease and other agreements governing our relationship with MGM were not negotiated on an arm s-length basis and the terms of those agreements may be less favorable to us than they might otherwise have
been in an arm s-length transaction.        

In the event of a bankruptcy of the Tenant, a bankruptcy court may determine that the Master Lease is not a single lease but rather multiple severable leases, each of which can be assumed or rejected independently, in
which case underperforming leases related to properties we own that are subject to the Master Lease could be rejected by the Tenant while tenant-favorable leases are allowed to remain in place.    

MGM may undergo a change of control without the consent of us or of our shareholders.        

If we do not qualify to be taxed as a REIT, or fail to remain qualified to be taxed as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability, which
would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.      While forward-looking
statements reflect our good-faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors of new
information, data or methods, future events or other changes. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact our future results, performance or transactions, see the section entitled  Risk Factors.   
 Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Form 10-Q speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could
cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future
developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be made that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements.  
 You should also be aware that while we from time to time communicate with securities analysts, we do not disclose to them any material
non-public information, internal forecasts or other confidential business information. Therefore, you should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by any analyst, irrespective of the content of the statement or report. To the
extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain projections, forecasts or opinions, those reports are not our responsibility and are not endorsed by us.      

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk       We incorporate by reference
the information appearing under  Market Risk  in Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures       Our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and
Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of September 30, 2016 to
provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission
rules and regulations and to provide that such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. This conclusion is based on an evaluation as required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the
Exchange Act conducted under the supervision and participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer along with company management.  
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

     Part II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       Pursuant to the MCA, any liability arising from or relating to legal
proceedings involving the businesses and operations located at MGM s real property holdings prior to the Formation Transactions have been retained by MGM and MGM will indemnify us (and our subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees and agents
and certain other related parties) against any losses we may incur arising from or relating to such legal proceedings.      

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in
this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In evaluating us, you should consider
carefully, among other things, the risks described below. Please refer to the section entitled  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.   
  Risks Related to Our Business and Operations   
   We are dependent on MGM (including its subsidiaries) unless and until we substantially diversify our portfolio, and an event that has a
material adverse effect on MGM s business, financial position or results of operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.   A subsidiary of MGM is the Tenant and lessee of
all of the properties pursuant to the Master Lease, which accounts for all of our revenues. Additionally, because the Master Lease is a triple-net lease, we will depend on the Tenant to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair
expenses in connection with these properties and to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with its business. There can be no assurance that the Tenant will have
sufficient assets, income or liquidity to satisfy its payment obligations under the Master Lease, including any payment obligations that may arise in connection with the indemnities under the Master Lease, or that MGM will be able to satisfy its
guarantee of the Tenant s obligations under the Master Lease. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will have the right to seek reimbursement against an insurer or have any recourse against the Tenant or MGM in connection with such
liabilities. The Tenant and MGM rely on the properties they own and/or operate for income to satisfy their obligations, including their debt service requirements and lease payments due to us under the Master Lease. If income from these properties
were to decline for any reason, or if the Tenant s or MGM s debt service requirements were to increase, whether due to an increase in interest rates or otherwise, the Tenant may become unable or unwilling to satisfy its payment obligations
under the Master Lease and MGM may become unable or unwilling to make payments under its guarantee of the Master Lease. If the Tenant were unable or unwilling to meet its rent obligations and other obligations for one or more of the properties,
there can be no assurances that we would be able to contract with other lessees on similar terms as the Master Lease or at all. The inability or unwillingness of the Tenant to meet its rent obligations and other obligations under the Master Lease
could materially adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations, including our ability to pay distributions to our shareholders as required to maintain our status as a REIT. For these reasons, if the Tenant or MGM were to
experience a material adverse effect on their respective business, financial positions or results of operations, our business, financial position or results of operations could also be materially adversely affected.  
 Due to our dependence on rental payments from the Tenant or from MGM (pursuant to its guarantee) as our only source of revenues, we may be
limited in our ability to enforce our rights under the Master Lease or to terminate the Master Lease. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to enforce our rights under the Master Lease because it is a unitary lease and does not provide for
termination with respect to individual properties by reason of the default of the Tenant. While we believe that the Tenant will have an interest in complying with the terms of the Master Lease as a result of MGM s continuing economic interest
in our Operating Partnership subsidiary, failure by the Tenant to comply with the terms of the Master Lease or to comply with the gaming regulations to which the properties under the Master Lease are subject could require us to find another lessee
for all of the properties. During this period, there could be a decrease or cessation of rental payments by the Tenant. In such event, we may be unable to locate a suitable lessee at similar rental rates in a timely manner or at all, which could
have the effect of reducing our rental revenues.      We initially depend on the properties for all of our anticipated cash
flows.   Initially, unless and until we acquire additional properties, we will depend on our properties, all of which are operated by subsidiaries of MGM, for all of our anticipated cash flows. We may not immediately acquire other properties
to further diversify and increase our sources of cash flow and reduce our portfolio concentration. Any default with regard to any property under the Master Lease will cause a default with regard to the entire portfolio covered by the Master Lease.
Consequently, the impairment or loss of any one or more of the properties could materially and disproportionately reduce our ability to collect rent under the Master Lease and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our shareholders.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    We may not be able to re-lease our properties following the expiration or termination of
the Master Lease.   When the Master Lease expires, the properties, together or individually, may not be relet in a timely manner or at all, or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to future tenants,
including MGM or its subsidiaries, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. The loss of the Tenant, or future tenants on acquired properties, through lease expiration or other circumstances may require us to spend (in addition to other
re-letting expenses) significant amounts of capital to renovate the property before it is suitable for a new tenant and cause us to incur significant costs in the form of ongoing expenses for property maintenance, taxes, insurance and other
expenses.    The Master Lease allows the Tenant to cease operations at any of the properties at any time as long as the Tenant and the
Operating Subtenants collectively would have maintained an EBITDAR to rent ratio (as described in the Master Lease) of at least 1.90:1.00 for the preceding twelve month period, after giving effect to the cessation of operations at the applicable
property on a pro forma basis. If the Tenant were to cease operations at a property, whether due to market or economic conditions or for any other reason, the value of such property may be impaired and we will not have the right to re-lease the
property as a result of Tenant s continuing rights to such property.    The Master Lease is especially suited to MGM, the parent of the
Tenant under the Master Lease. Because the properties have been designed or physically modified for a particular tenant, if the Master Lease is terminated or not renewed, we may be required to renovate the properties at substantial costs, decrease
the rent we charge or provide other concessions to re-lease the properties. In addition, if we are required to sell a property, we may have difficulty selling it to a party other than to a gaming operator due to the special purpose for which the
property may have been designed or modified. This potential illiquidity may limit our ability to quickly modify our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions, including tenant demand. To the extent that we are not able to
re-lease our properties or that we incur significant capital expenditures as a result of property vacancies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.  
 Further, if we were unable to re-lease our properties following the expiration or termination of the Master Lease, our cash flow, liquidity
and dividend yield on our Class A shares may be adversely affected.      We may have assumed unknown liabilities in connection with
the Formation Transactions and Borgata Transaction.   As part of the Formation Transactions and Borgata Transaction, we acquired properties that may be subject to unknown existing liabilities. These liabilities might include liabilities for
clean-up or remediation of undisclosed environmental conditions, claims by tenants, vendors or other persons dealing with the contributed properties, tax liabilities and accrued but unpaid liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business.
While the Master Lease will allocate responsibility for many of these liabilities to the Tenant under the Master Lease, if the Tenant fails to discharge these liabilities, we could be required to do so. Additionally while in some instances we may
have the right to seek reimbursement against an insurer, any recourse against third parties, including the prior investors in our assets, for certain of these liabilities will be limited. There can be no assurance that we will be entitled to any
such reimbursement or that ultimately we will be able to recover in respect of such rights for any of these historical liabilities.  
   Our sole material assets are Operating Partnership units representing 23.7% of the ownership interests in the Operating Partnership,
over which we have operating control through our ownership of its general partner, and our ownership interest in the general partner of the Operating Partnership. Because our interest in the Operating Partnership represents our only cash-generating
asset, our cash flows and distributions depend entirely on the performance of the Operating Partnership and its ability to distribute cash to us.   We are a holding company whose sole material assets are Operating Partnership units
representing 23.7% of the ownership interests in the Operating Partnership and our ownership interest in the general partner of the Operating Partnership and the source of our earnings and operating cash flow consists exclusively of cash
distributions from the Operating Partnership. Therefore, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders is completely dependent on the performance of the Operating Partnership and its ability to distribute funds to us. The Operating
Partnership s partnership agreement requires it to distribute to us all or such portion of its available cash each quarter as determined by the general partner. The general partner, our wholly owned subsidiary, intends to cause the Operating
Partnership to make such distributions and retain such cash reserves to provide for the proper conduct of its business, to enable it to make distributions to us so that we can make timely distributions, or to comply with applicable law or any of the
Operating Partnership s debt or other agreements.    To the extent that we need funds, and the Operating Partnership is restricted from
making such distributions pursuant to the terms of the agreements governing its debt or under applicable law or regulation, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.
The earnings from, or other available assets of, the Operating Partnership may not be sufficient to make distributions or loans to us to enable us to make distributions on our Class A shares, taxes and other expenses.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

    The Master Lease restricts our ability to sell the properties or our interests in the
Operating Partnership and Landlord.   Our ability to sell or dispose of the properties may be hindered by the fact that such properties are subject to the Master Lease, as the terms of the Master Lease may make such properties less attractive
to a potential buyer than alternative properties that may be for sale. In addition, the Master Lease provides that we may not sell the properties to certain competitors of MGM, limiting the number of potential purchasers of our properties for as
long as the properties are subject to the Master Lease. The Master Lease also restricts us from selling our interests in the Operating Partnership or the Landlord to certain competitors of MGM.  
   If we lose our key management personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our objectives.   Our
success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team, particularly James C. Stewart, our chief executive officer, and Andy H. Chien, our chief financial officer. The appointment of certain key members of
our executive management team will be subject to regulatory approvals based upon suitability determinations by gaming regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions where our properties are located. If Messrs. Stewart or Chien are found unsuitable by
any such gaming regulatory authorities, or if we otherwise lose their services, we would have to find alternative candidates and may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives.  
   We may face extensive regulation from certain gaming and other regulatory authorities, and our operating agreement provides that any of
our shares held by investors who are found to be unsuitable by state gaming regulatory authorities are subject to redemption.   The ownership, operation and management of gaming facilities are subject to pervasive regulation. Certain gaming
authorities in the jurisdictions in which MGM operates may require us and our affiliates to maintain a license as a key business entity or supplier because of our status as landlord. Gaming authorities also retain great discretion to require us to
be found suitable as a landlord, and certain of our shareholders, officers and directors may be required to be found suitable as well.  
 Gaming authorities have very broad discretion in determining whether an applicant should be deemed suitable. Subject to certain administrative
proceeding requirements, the gaming regulators have the authority to deny any application or limit, condition, restrict, revoke or suspend any license, registration, finding of suitability or approval, or fine any person licensed, registered or
found suitable or approved, for any cause deemed reasonable by the gaming authorities. If the gaming authorities were to find us unsuitable as a landlord, MGM may be required to sever its relationship with us and we could be compelled to sell the
properties.    Gaming authorities may conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our directors, officers, key employees or
investors to ensure compliance with applicable standards. If we are required to be found suitable and are found suitable as a landlord, we will be registered as a public company with the gaming authorities and will be subject to disciplinary action
if, after we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a shareholder or to have any other relationship with us, we:      

pay that person any distribution or interest upon any of our voting securities;    

allow that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through securities held by that person;    

pay remuneration in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise; or    

fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require such unsuitable person to relinquish his or her voting securities including if necessary, the immediate purchase of the voting securities for cash at fair market value.
     Many jurisdictions also require any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than a certain percentage of voting
securities, typically 5%, of registered public companies or companies that have been found suitable and, in some jurisdictions, non-voting securities to report the acquisition to gaming authorities, and gaming authorities may require such holders to
apply for qualification or a finding of suitability, subject to limited exceptions for  institutional investors  that hold a public company s voting securities for investment purposes only. In addition, to the extent a person or
institution also holds shares in MGM, such shares may be aggregated with the shares they hold in us in connection with calculating such person s or institution s beneficial ownership for purposes of complying with any regulatory
requirements in an applicable jurisdiction.    Further, our directors, officers, key employees and investors in our shares must meet
approval standards of certain gaming regulatory authorities. If such gaming regulatory authorities were to find such a person or investor unsuitable, we may be required to sever our relationship with that person or the investor may be required to
dispose of his, her or its interest in us. Our operating agreement provides that all of our shares held by investors who are found to be unsuitable by regulatory authorities are subject to redemption upon our receipt of notice of such finding.
Gaming regulatory agencies may conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our directors, officers, key employees or investors to ensure compliance with applicable standards.  
 Additionally, if we are registered as a public company with the gaming authorities neither we nor any of our subsidiaries may make a public
offering of securities without the prior approval of certain gaming authorities. Changes in control through merger, consolidation, stock or asset acquisitions, management or consulting agreements, or otherwise are subject to receipt of prior
approval of gaming authorities. Entities seeking to acquire control of us or one of our subsidiaries must satisfy gaming authorities with respect to a variety of stringent standards prior to assuming control.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

    We will have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on
acceptable terms.   As of September 30, 2016, we have outstanding indebtedness in principal amount of $3.7 billion. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future to refinance our existing indebtedness or to finance newly acquired
properties or for general corporate or other purposes. Any significant additional indebtedness could require a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and principal payments due on our indebtedness. Greater demands on our cash
resources may reduce funds available to us to pay distributions, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, or carry out other aspects of our business strategy. Increased indebtedness can also limit our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market
conditions, make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and create competitive disadvantages for us compared to other companies with relatively lower debt levels. Increased future debt service obligations may limit
the Operating Partnership s and our operational flexibility, including our ability to acquire properties, finance or refinance our properties, contribute properties to joint ventures or sell properties as needed. Further, to the extent we were
required to incur indebtedness, our future interest costs would increase, thereby reducing our earnings and cash available for distribution from what they otherwise would have been.  
 Moreover, our ability to obtain additional financing and satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time
will depend upon our future operating performance, which is subject to then prevailing general economic and credit market conditions, including interest rate levels and the availability of credit generally, and financial, business and other factors,
many of which are beyond our control. The prolonged continuation or worsening of current credit market conditions would have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, if at all.  
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing or financing on favorable terms or our operating cash flow may be insufficient to satisfy our
financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time (if any). Among other things, the absence of an investment grade credit rating or any credit rating downgrade could increase our financing costs and could limit our access to
financing sources. If financing is not available when needed, or is available on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to develop new or enhance our existing properties, complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or
respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 We may raise additional funds in the future through the issuance of equity securities and, as a result, our shareholders may experience
significant dilution, which may make it more difficult for our shareholders to sell our Class A shares at a time and price that they deem appropriate and could impair our future ability to raise capital through an offering of our equity
securities.      Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations
under the notes and our other debt.   We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of September 30, 2016, we and our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis had $3.7 billion principal amount of debt and $600 million available for
borrowing under our revolving credit facility. Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to our financial health. For example, it could:      

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the notes and our other debt;    

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions or a downturn in our business;    

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate
purposes;    

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;    

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are not as highly leveraged;    

limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds; and    

result in an event of default if we fail to satisfy our obligations under the notes or our other debt or fail to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the indentures or our other debt
instruments, which event of default could result in all of our debt becoming immediately due and payable and could permit certain of our lenders to foreclose on our assets securing such debt.    
 Any of the above listed factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 Further, the terms of our existing debt agreements do not, and any future debt may not, fully prohibit us from incurring additional debt. If
new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify.      Covenants in our Operating
Partnership s debt agreements may limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach or default could materially adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations.   The agreements governing our indebtedness
contain customary covenants, including restrictions on the Operating Partnership s ability to grant liens on the Operating Partnership s assets, incur indebtedness, sell assets, make investments, engage in acquisitions, mergers or
consolidations and pay certain distributions and other restricted payments. In addition, the Operating Partnership is required to comply with certain financial covenants. These restrictions may limit our operational flexibility. Covenants that limit
our operational flexibility as well as defaults under the Operating Partnership s debt instruments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

    The Master Lease requires us to pay for certain capital improvements or to purchase certain
personal property from the Tenant in certain circumstances, and we may be required to obtain additional financing.   The Master Lease provides that, if MGM were required to cease consolidating us within its financial statements prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP at any time in the future (a  deconsolidation event ), we may be required to pay the Tenant, should the Tenant so elect, an amount equal to the fair market value of certain capital improvements made by or at the
direction of the Tenant or the Operating Subtenants from the start of the term of the Master Lease until the deconsolidation event, subject to an initial cap of $100 million in the first year of the Master Lease increasing annually by $75 million
each year thereafter. Rent under the Master Lease will increase by a factor applied to such amount paid by us to the Tenant. If such a deconsolidation event were to occur and we do not elect to pay in equity, we may not have sufficient liquidity to
fund these payments in respect of capital improvements, and may be required to obtain additional financing, which could adversely affect funds for future acquisitions and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results
of operations. Alternatively, we may elect to make payments in respect of the capital improvements in the form of equity, which could be dilutive to existing shareholders.  
 In addition, the Master Lease provides that, under certain circumstances in connection with the expiration of the Master Lease, we may be
required to purchase certain tangible personal property of the Tenant or Operating Subtenants at the properties then subject to the Master Lease, including gaming equipment and hotel furniture, fixtures and equipment, for fair market value. If we
were required to purchase these assets (subject to applicable gaming laws), we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund these purchases, and may be required to obtain additional financing, which could adversely affect funds for future acquisitions
and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.      Rising expenses could reduce cash
flow and funds available for future acquisitions and distributions.   Our properties will be subject to increases in tax rates and tax assessments, utility costs, insurance costs, repairs, maintenance and administrative expenses, and other
operating expenses. We may also incur significant expenditures as a result of deferred maintenance for the properties and other properties we may acquire in the future. While the properties under the Master Lease are leased on a triple-net basis, if
the Tenant or future tenants fail to pay required tax, utility and other impositions and other operating expenses, or if the Tenant or future tenants fails to maintain leased properties in the condition required by the Master Lease, and if we are
required to incur a high level of capital expenditures, we could be required to pay those costs which may require that we obtain additional financing and could adversely affect funds available for future acquisitions or cash available for
distributions.      We have a limited operating history and the Predecessor historical financial information may not be a reliable
indicator of future results.   We are a newly organized company with a limited operating history. Therefore, our growth prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered when any new business
is formed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully operate our business profitably or implement our operating policies and investment strategy. Further, we have not historically operated as a REIT, which may place us at a
competitive disadvantage that our competitors may exploit.    The Predecessor Financial Statements included herein may not reflect what our
business, financial position or results of operations will be in the future. We have only been an operating business with operations since the date of the Formation Transactions. The IPO Properties that were contributed to our Operating Partnership
by subsidiaries of MGM in connection with the Formation Transactions were historically operated by MGM as part of its larger corporate organization and not as a stand-alone business or independent company. The financial information included in this
periodic report may not reflect what our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows would have been had we been a stand-alone business or independent entity, or had we operated as a REIT, during the periods presented. Significant
changes will occur in our cost structure, financing and business operations as a result of our operation as a stand-alone company and the entry into transactions with MGM that have not existed historically, including the Master Lease.  
 Further, we have no operating history as a REIT. We cannot assure you that our past experience will be sufficient to successfully operate our
company as a REIT. Upon completion of the Formation Transactions, we were required to implement substantial control systems and procedures in order to maintain the possibility of qualifying to be taxed as a REIT. As a result, we will incur
significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we have not previously incurred, and our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to comply with these rules and regulations and establish the corporate
infrastructure and controls demanded of a REIT. These costs and time commitments could be substantially more than we currently expect.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

    We are dependent on the gaming industry and may be susceptible to the risks associated with
it, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial position or results of operations.   As the owner of properties associated with gaming facilities, we will be impacted by the risks associated with the gaming industry.
Therefore, our success is to some degree dependent on the gaming industry, which could be adversely affected by economic conditions in general, changes in consumer trends, reductions in discretionary consumer spending and corporate spending on
conventions and business development and preferences and other factors over which we and MGM have no control. Economic contraction, economic uncertainty or the perception by our customers of weak or weakening economic conditions may cause a decline
in demand for hotels, casino resorts, trade shows and conventions, and for the type of luxury amenities offered at our properties. In addition, changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences could be driven by factors such as the
increased cost of travel, an unstable job market, perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth, outbreaks of contagious diseases or fears of war and future acts of terrorism. Because a component of the rent under the Master Lease is
based, over time, on the actual net revenues (as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, adjusted to exclude net revenue attributable to certain scheduled subleases and, at the Tenant s option, reimbursed cost revenue) of the Tenant and,
without duplication, the Operating Subtenants from the leased properties subject to the Master Lease, a decrease in the gaming business would likely have a greater adverse effect on our revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate
portfolio.      Because a majority of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a
company that is more geographically diversified.   Given that a majority of our major resorts are concentrated on the Strip, our business may be significantly affected by risks common to the Las Vegas tourism industry. For example, the cost
and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt air travel to and from Las Vegas can adversely affect the business of the Tenant. We cannot control the number or frequency of flights to or from Las Vegas, but the Tenant
relies on air traffic for a significant portion of its visitors. Reductions in flights by major airlines as a result of higher fuel prices or lower demand can impact the number of visitors to our properties. Additionally, there is one principal
interstate highway between Las Vegas and Southern California, where a large number of the customers that frequent our properties reside. Capacity constraints of that highway or any other traffic disruptions may also affect the number of customers
who visit our facilities. Moreover, due to the concentration of our major resorts that operate on the Strip, we may be disproportionately affected by general risks such as acts of terrorism, natural disasters, including major fires, floods and
earthquakes, and severe or inclement weather, should such developments occur in or nearby Las Vegas.      Our pursuit of investments in,
and acquisitions or development of, additional properties (including our acquisition of the ROFO Properties) may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations.   We operate in a highly competitive industry and face competition from other
REITs, investment companies, private equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds, lenders, gaming companies and other investors, some of whom are significantly larger and have greater resources and lower costs of capital. Increased competition
will make it more challenging to identify and successfully capitalize on acquisition opportunities that meet our investment objectives. Additionally, although our Master Lease provides us with a right of first offer with respect to the ROFO
Properties, there can be no assurance that the development of the ROFO Properties will be completed on schedule, or at all, or as to the timing of their commencement of operations or when operations at the ROFO Properties will stabilize in order for
us to consider a purchase of one or both of these assets. In addition, MGM may elect not to sell the ROFO Properties in the future, or we may be unable to reach an agreement with MGM on the terms of the purchase of such properties if MGM were to
elect to sell the ROFO Properties in the future. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire any additional properties in the future.  
 If we cannot identify and purchase a sufficient quantity of gaming properties and other properties at favorable prices or if we are unable to
finance acquisitions on commercially favorable terms, our business, financial position or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, the fact that we must distribute at least 90% of our net taxable income (determined
without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains) in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT may limit our ability to rely upon rental payments from our leased properties or subsequently acquired properties in
order to finance acquisitions. As a result, if debt or equity financing is not available on acceptable terms, further acquisitions might be limited or curtailed.  
 Investments in and acquisitions of gaming properties and other properties we might seek to acquire entail risks associated with real estate
investments generally, including that the investments  performance will fail to meet expectations, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that the tenant, operator or manager will underperform. Real
estate development projects present other risks, including construction delays or cost overruns that increase expenses, the inability to obtain required zoning, occupancy and other governmental approvals and permits on a timely basis, and the
incurrence of significant development costs prior to completion of the project.    Further, even if we were able to acquire additional
properties in the future, including our recent acquisition of Borgata and, in the future, the ROFO Properties, there is no guarantee that such properties would be able to maintain their historical performance, or that we would be able to realize the
same margins from those properties as the previous owners. In addition, our financing of these acquisitions could negatively impact our cash flows and liquidity, require us to incur substantial debt or involve the issuance of substantial new equity,
which would be dilutive to existing shareholders. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in implementing our growth strategy or that any expansion will improve operating results. The failure to identify and acquire new
properties effectively, or the failure of any acquired properties to perform as expected, could have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

    Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit future leases or transfers of our
gaming properties, which could result in periods in which we are unable to receive rent for such properties.   MGM (and any future tenants of our gaming properties) will be required to be licensed under applicable law in order to operate any
of our gaming properties as gaming facilities. If the Master Lease or any future lease agreements we may enter into are terminated (which could be required by a regulatory agency) or expire, any new tenant must be licensed and receive other
regulatory approvals to operate the properties as gaming facilities. Any delay in or inability of the new tenant to receive required licenses and other regulatory approvals from the applicable state and county government agencies may prolong the
period during which we are unable to collect the applicable rent. Further, in the event that the Master Lease or future agreements are terminated or expire and a new tenant is not licensed or fails to receive other regulatory approvals, the
properties may not be operated as gaming facilities and we will not be able to collect the applicable rent. Moreover, we may be unable to transfer or sell the affected properties as gaming properties, which would adversely impact our financial
condition and results of operation.      Our operating agreement restricts the ownership and transfer of our outstanding
Class         A shares, which may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or change of control of our company.   In order for us to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, not more than 50% in value
of our outstanding shares may be owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year after the first year for which we elect to qualify to be taxed as a REIT. Additionally, at least
100 persons must beneficially own our shares during at least 335 days of a taxable year (other than the first taxable year for which we elect to be taxed as a REIT). Also, subject to limited exceptions, neither we nor an actual or constructive owner
of 10% or more (by value) of our shares may actually or constructively own 10% or more of the interests in the assets or net profits of a non-corporate tenant, or, if the tenant is a corporation, 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all
classes of stock entitled to vote or 10% or more of the total value of all classes of stock of the tenant. Any tenant that exceeds such ownership limits is referred to as a related party tenant, and rent from a related party tenant generally will
not qualify under the REIT income tests.    Our operating agreement, with certain exceptions, authorizes the board of directors to take such
actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Our operating agreement also provides, subject to certain exceptions, that no person may beneficially or constructively own more than 9.8% in value or in number,
whichever is more restrictive, of any class of our shares (other than our Class B share) or 9.8% of the value of the aggregate outstanding shares of all classes and series of our shares. The constructive ownership rules are complex and may cause
shares owned directly or constructively by a group of related individuals or entities to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. These ownership limits could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a
premium price for our shares or otherwise be in the best interests of our shareholders. The acquisition of less than 9.8% of our shares by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity to own beneficially or constructively in excess
of 9.8% in value of our outstanding shares, and thus violate our operating agreement s ownership limit.    Any attempt to own or
transfer our shares in violation of these restrictions may result in the transfer being automatically void. Our operating agreement also provides that shares acquired or held in excess of the ownership limit will be transferred to a trust for the
benefit of one or more designated charitable beneficiaries to be subsequently sold by the trust, and that any person who acquires our shares in violation of the ownership limit will not be entitled to any distributions on the shares or be entitled
to vote the shares or receive any proceeds from the subsequent sale of the shares in excess of the lesser of the market price on the day the shares were transferred to the trust or the amount realized from the sale. We or our designee will have the
right to purchase the shares from the trustee at this calculated price as well.      Any mechanic s liens incurred by the Tenant or
the Operating Subtenants will attach to, and constitute liens on, our interest in the properties.   To the extent the Tenant or the Operating Subtenants make any improvements, these improvements could cause mechanic s liens to attach to
our properties. To the extent that mechanic s liens, or similar claims, are recorded against any of the properties or any properties we may acquire in the future, the holders of such mechanic s liens or claims may enforce them by court
action and courts may cause the applicable properties or future properties to be sold to satisfy such liens or claims, which could negatively impact our revenues, AFFO and our distributions to shareholders. Further, holders of such liens or claims
could have priority over our Class A shareholders in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation, and as a result, a trustee in bankruptcy may have difficulty realizing or foreclosing on such properties in any such bankruptcy or liquidation, and the
amount of distributions our Class A shareholders could receive in such bankruptcy or liquidation could be reduced.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

    Net leases may not result in fair market lease rates over time, which could negatively
impact our income and reduce the amount of funds available to make distributions to shareholders.   All of our rental revenue is generated from the Master Lease, which is a triple-net lease, and provides greater flexibility to the Tenant
related to the use of leased property than would be the case with ordinary property leases, such as the right to freely sublease portions of each leased property, to make alterations in the leased premises and to terminate the lease prior to its
expiration under specified circumstances. Furthermore, net leases typically have longer lease terms and, thus, there is an increased risk that contractual rental increases in future years will fail to result in fair market rental rates during those
years. As a result, our income and distributions to our shareholders could be lower than they would otherwise be if we did not enter into a net lease.  
   The Tenant may assign its responsibilities under the Master Lease to unaffiliated third parties.   The Tenant may assign its
obligations under the Master Lease (including with respect to one or more individual properties) to a third party assignee without our consent if such assignee meets certain conditions under the Master Lease regarding its experience operating
large-scale casinos (or in the case of any of our non-gaming properties, experience operating similar properties), licensing status and economic condition, among other requirements. Despite these assignment requirements, there can be no assurances
that any future assignee of the Tenant s obligations under the Master Lease would be as creditworthy as the Tenant or MGM, or would be able to operate the properties with the same operational expertise as the Tenant and MGM, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations.      We may be unable to realize the anticipated
benefit of the rent escalators in our Master Lease.   Although the Master Lease provides that the base rent will be escalated annually by 2.0% for the second through the sixth lease years (as defined in the Master Lease), thereafter this rent
escalation is subject to the Tenant and, without duplication, the Operating Subtenants collectively meeting an adjusted net revenue to rent ratio of 6.25:1.00 based on their net revenue from the leased properties subject to the Master Lease (as
determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, adjusted to exclude net revenue attributable to certain scheduled subleases and, at the Tenant s option, reimbursed cost revenue). If the rent escalation were not to apply in any particular year, no
arrears would accrue or be payable in future lease years. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will ever realize the benefit of the rent escalators in the Master Lease after the sixth lease year, which could have a material adverse effect on
anticipated future cash flows and our ability to increase our distributions to shareholders.    Even if we were able to receive rent
escalators under the Master Lease, the rent escalators may lag behind inflation rates. These annual escalators under the Master Lease are based on fixed percentage increases, subject to certain conditions. If these annual escalations lag behind
inflation, it could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, trading price of our Class A shares, our ability to satisfy our debt obligations and our ability to pay distributions to our shareholders.  
   Our dividend yield could be reduced if we were to sell any of our properties in the future.   If we elect to sell one or more of
the properties in the future, our AFFO could decrease, which could result in a lower level of distributions to our shareholders than we made prior to such sale or sales. If our distributions were to decrease, the effective dividend yield of our
Class A shares (i.e., the yield as a percentage of the then-market price of our Class A shares) could subsequently decrease as well, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our Class A shares.  
   An increase in market interest rates could increase our interest costs on existing and future debt and could adversely affect the price
of our Class         A shares.   If interest rates increase, so could our interest costs for any new debt and our variable rate debt obligations. This increased cost could make the financing of any acquisition more
costly, as well as lower future period earnings. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing. In addition, an increase in interest rates could
decrease the access third parties have to credit, thereby decreasing the amount they are willing to pay for our assets and consequently limiting our ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions.
   Further, the dividend yield on our Class A shares, as a percentage of the price of such shares, will influence the price of such
shares. Thus, an increase in market interest rates may lead prospective purchasers of our Class A shares to expect a higher dividend yield, which would adversely affect the market price of our Class A shares.  
   The Tenant may choose not to renew the Master Lease or seek to renegotiate the terms of the Master Lease at each renewal term.
  The Master Lease has an initial lease term of ten years with the potential to extend the term for four additional five-year terms thereafter, solely at the option of the Tenant. At the expiration of the initial lease term or of any
additional renewal term thereafter, the Tenant may choose not to renew the Master Lease or seek to renegotiate the terms of the Master Lease. If the Master Lease expires without renewal, or the terms of the Master Lease are modified in a way which
is adverse to us, our results of operations and our ability to maintain previous levels of distributions to shareholders may be adversely affected.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

    We may be required to contribute insurance proceeds with respect to casualty events at our
properties to the lenders under our debt financing agreements.   In the event that we were to receive insurance proceeds with respect to a casualty event at any of our properties, we may be required under the terms of our debt financing
agreements to contribute all or a portion of those proceeds to the repayment of such debt, which may prevent us from restoring such properties to their prior state. If the remainder of the proceeds (after any such required repayment) were
insufficient to make the repairs necessary to restore the damaged properties to a condition substantially equivalent to its state immediately prior to the casualty, we may not have sufficient liquidity to otherwise fund these repairs and may be
required to obtain additional financing, which could adversely affect our AFFO and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.  
   There can be no assurance that we will be able to make distributions to our Class         A shareholders or
maintain our anticipated level of distributions over time.   We will determine future distributions based on a number of factors, including, among other things, our AFFO, operating results, our financial condition, especially in relation to
our anticipated future capital needs, our then-current expansion plans, the distribution requirements for REITs under the Code, and other factors our board deems relevant. For example, if the Tenant were unable to make rental payments under the
Master Lease and MGM were unable to fulfill its obligations under its guarantee, our ability to make distributions would be materially impaired. Our ability to make distributions to our Class A shareholders, to maintain our anticipated level of
distributions over time, and the timing, amount and composition of any future distributions will be at the sole discretion of our board in light of conditions then existing. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we will ever be able to make
distributions at the anticipated distribution rate or be able to maintain our anticipated distribution rate over time, and any change in our distribution policy could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our Class A shares.
     Delaware law and provisions in our operating agreement may delay or prevent takeover attempts by third parties and therefore
inhibit our shareholders from realizing a premium on their shares.   Our operating agreement and Delaware law both contain provisions that are intended to prevent coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to require
prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors.    Our operating agreement does, among other things:  

provide majority voting rights to the holder of our outstanding Class B share;    

provide that any merger, consolidation, conversion, sale or other disposition of our assets requires approval of our board of directors;    

require advance notice for our shareholders to nominate candidates for election to our board of directors or to propose business to be considered by our shareholders at a meeting of our shareholders;    

allow us to issue additional securities, including, but not limited to, preferred shares, without approval by our shareholders;    

allow the board of directors to amend the operating agreement without the approval of the shareholders except under certain specified circumstances;    

require that (subject to certain exceptions) no person may own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, more than 9.8% of the aggregate value or number (whichever is more restrictive) of
any class of our shares (other than our Class B share) or more than 9.8% in value of the aggregate outstanding shares of all classes and series of our shares; and    

limit the ability of our shareholders to call special meetings of our shareholders or to act by written consent.    
 In addition, our operating agreement does not limit or impair the ability of our board of directors to adopt a  poison pill  or
shareholder or other similar rights plan, whether such poison pill or plan contains  dead hand  provisions,  no hand  provisions or other provisions relating to the redemption of the poison pill or plan.  
 Our board of directors believes these provisions will protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring
potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors. These provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in
our best interests. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.      The
bankruptcy or insolvency of the Tenant could result in the termination of the Master Lease and material losses to us.   Although the Tenant s performance and payments under the Master Lease are guaranteed by MGM, a default by the Tenant
with regard to any property under the Master Lease, or by MGM with regard to its guarantee, will cause a default with regard to the entire portfolio covered by the Master Lease. There can be no assurances that the Tenant or MGM would assume the
Master Lease or guarantee, as applicable, in the event of a bankruptcy, and if the Master Lease or guarantee were rejected, the Tenant or MGM, as  
 applicable, may not have sufficient funds to pay the damages that would be owed to us a result of the rejection. For these and other reasons, the bankruptcy of
the Tenant or MGM could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

    In the event of a bankruptcy of the Tenant, a bankruptcy court may determine that the
Master Lease is not a single lease but rather multiple severable leases, each of which can be assumed or rejected independently, in which case underperforming leases related to properties we own that are subject to the Master Lease could be rejected
by the Tenant while tenant-favorable leases are allowed to remain in place.   The Tenant, a subsidiary of MGM, leases all of the properties pursuant to the Master Lease. Bankruptcy laws afford certain protections to tenants that may also
affect the Master Lease, which may be treated for purposes of bankruptcy laws as either a single lease for all the properties or as separate and severable leases for each property. Subject to certain restrictions, a tenant under a lease generally is
required to assume or reject the lease as a whole, rather than making the decision on a property-by-property basis. This prevents the tenant from assuming only the better performing properties and terminating the lease with respect to the poorer
performing properties. However, it is possible that a bankruptcy court could determine that a single  master lease  covering multiple properties is not a single indivisible lease but rather is multiple severable leases each of which can be
assumed or rejected independently. Whether or not a bankruptcy court will require that the Master Lease must be assumed or rejected as a whole depends upon a  facts and circumstances  analysis considering a number of factors, including the
parties  intent, the nature and purpose of the relevant documents, whether there was separate and distinct consideration for each property included in the Master Lease, whether the Landlord or Tenant had the ability to dispose of its interest
in any property included in the Master Lease, the provisions contained in the relevant documents and applicable state law. If a bankruptcy court in a bankruptcy of the Tenant were to determine that the Master Lease is not a single lease but rather
multiple severable leases each of which can be assumed or rejected independently, certain underperforming leases related to properties we own could be rejected by the Tenant in bankruptcy while tenant-favorable leases are allowed to remain in place,
thereby adversely affecting payments to us derived from the properties.      A bankruptcy court may judicially recharacterize the Master
Lease as a secured lending transaction, in which case we would not be treated as the owner of the properties and could lose certain rights as the owners in the bankruptcy proceedings.   It is possible that, if we were to become subject to
bankruptcy proceedings, a bankruptcy court could re-characterize the lease transactions set forth in the Master Lease as secured lending transactions depending on its interpretation of the terms of the Master Lease, including, among other factors,
the length of the Master Lease relative to the useful life of the leased property. If the Master Lease were judicially recharacterized as a secured lending transaction, we would not be treated as the owner of the properties and could lose the legal
as well as economic attributes of the owners of the properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.  
   We may experience uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a
property, decrease anticipated future revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expense.   While the Master Lease will require, and any new lease agreements are expected to require, that comprehensive insurance and hazard insurance be
maintained by the Tenant, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, that are or will be subject to sublimits and may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Insurance
coverage may not be sufficient to pay the full current market value or current replacement cost of a loss. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors also might make it infeasible to use
insurance proceeds to replace the property after such property has been damaged or destroyed. Under such circumstances, the insurance proceeds received might not be adequate to restore the economic position with respect to such property.  
 If we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds the policy coverage limits of the insurance maintained by the Tenant, we could lose
the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties were subject to recourse indebtedness, we could continue to be liable for the indebtedness even
if these properties were irreparably damaged.    In addition, even if damage to our properties is covered by insurance, a disruption of our
business caused by a casualty event may result in the loss of business or tenants. The business interruption insurance carried by the Tenant may not fully compensate us for the loss of business due to an interruption caused by a casualty event.
Further, if the Tenant has insurance but is underinsured, it may be unable to satisfy its payment obligations under its lease with us.    A
disruption in the financial markets may make it more difficult to evaluate the stability, net assets and capitalization of insurance companies and any insurer s ability to meet its claim payment obligations. A failure of an insurance company to
make payments to us or the Tenant upon an event of loss covered by an insurance policy could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

    Changes in building and/or zoning laws may require us to update a property in the event of
recapture or prevent us from fully restoring a property in the event of a substantial casualty loss and/or require us to meet additional or more stringent construction requirements.   Due to changes, among other things, in applicable building
and zoning laws, ordinances and codes that may affect certain of our properties that have come into effect after the initial construction of the properties, certain properties may not comply fully with current building and/or zoning laws, including
electrical, fire, health and safety codes and regulations, use, lot coverage, parking and setback requirements, but may qualify as permitted non-conforming uses. Although the Master Lease requires the Tenant to pay for and ensure continued
compliance with applicable law, there is no assurance that future leases will be negotiated on the same basis or that the Tenant or other future tenants will make the required changes as required by the terms of the Master Lease and/or any future
leases we may enter into. In addition, such changes may limit the Tenant s ability to restore the premises of a property to its previous condition in the event of a substantial casualty loss with respect to the property or the ability to
refurbish, expand or renovate such property to remain compliant, or increase the cost of construction in order to comply with changes in building or zoning codes and regulations. If the Tenant is unable to restore a property to its prior use after a
substantial casualty loss or is required to comply with more stringent building or zoning codes and regulations, we may be unable to re-lease the space at a comparable effective rent or sell the property at an acceptable price, which may materially
and adversely affect us.      Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with real estate properties owned by us may
materially impair the value of those investments.   As an owner of real property, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Although we will not operate or manage most of our
property, we may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to the investigation and clean-up of any property from which there has been a release or threatened release of a regulated material as well as other affected
properties, regardless of whether we knew of or caused the release.    In addition to these costs, which are typically not limited by law or
regulation and could exceed the property s value, we could be liable for certain other costs, including governmental fines and injuries to persons, property or natural resources. Further, some environmental laws create a lien on the
contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and the costs the government incurs in connection with such contamination. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or
lease the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral.      Certain properties are subject to restrictions pursuant to
reciprocal easement agreements, operating agreements, or similar agreements.   Many of the properties are, and properties that we acquire in the future may be, subject to use restrictions and/or operational requirements imposed pursuant to
ground leases, restrictive covenants or conditions, reciprocal easement agreements or operating agreements (collectively,  Property Restrictions ) that could adversely affect our ability to lease space to third parties. Such Property
Restrictions could include, for example, limitations on alterations, changes, expansions, or reconfiguration of properties; limitations on use of properties; limitations affecting parking requirements; or restrictions on exterior or interior signage
or facades. In certain cases, consent of the other party or parties to such agreements may be required when altering, reconfiguring, expanding or redeveloping. Failure to secure such consents when necessary may harm our ability to execute leasing
strategies, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.      Our properties are subject to
risks from natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes and severe weather.   Our properties are located in areas that may be subject to natural disasters, such as earthquakes, and extreme weather conditions, including, but not limited
to, hurricanes. Such natural disasters or extreme weather conditions may interrupt operations at the casino resorts, damage our properties, and reduce the number of customers who visit our facilities in such areas. A severe earthquake in Las Vegas
could damage or destroy a number of our properties. In addition, our operations could be adversely impacted by a drought or other cause of water shortage. A severe drought of extensive duration experienced in Las Vegas or in the other regions in
which we expect to operate could adversely affect the business and results of operations at our properties. Although the Tenant is required to maintain both property and business interruption insurance coverage for certain extreme weather
conditions, such coverage is subject to deductibles and limits on maximum benefits, including limitation on the coverage period for business interruption, and we cannot assure you that we or the Tenant will be able to fully insure such losses or
fully collect, if at all, on claims resulting from such natural disasters or extreme weather conditions.    In addition, the Master Lease
allows the Tenant to elect to remove a property from the Master Lease following certain casualty or condemnation events. If the insurance proceeds received in such a casualty event are insufficient to restore the affected property, responsibility
for the shortfall of insurance proceeds will be allocated between the Landlord and the Tenant as set forth in the Master Lease. If the condemnation award received in such a condemnation event is insufficient to restore the affected property, the
shortfall in the condemnation award will be born entirely by the Landlord. In either event, there can be no assurance that we would have access to sufficient funds to restore the affected property. Even if we are able to restore the affected
property, we could be limited to selling or leasing such property to a new tenant in order to obtain an alternate source of revenue, which may not happen on comparable terms or at all. Any such removal also could lead to a reduction in the amount of
rent we would receive under the Master Lease and negatively impact our revenues.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

    Possible terrorist activity or other acts of violence could adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations.   Terrorist attacks or other acts of violence may result in declining economic activity, which could harm the demand for goods and services offered by the Tenant and the value of our properties and might
adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities. Such a resulting decrease in retail demand could make it difficult for us to renew or re-lease our properties at lease rates equal to or above historical rates. Terrorist activities or
violence also could directly affect the value of our properties through damage, destruction or loss, and the availability of insurance for such acts, or of insurance generally, might be lower or cost more, which could increase our operating expenses
and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that the Tenant is affected by future attacks, its business similarly could be adversely affected, including its ability to continue to meet obligations under the
Master Lease. These acts might erode business and consumer confidence and spending and might result in increased volatility in national and international financial markets and economies. Any one of these events might decrease demand for real estate,
decrease or delay the occupancy of our new or redeveloped properties, and limit our access to capital or increase our cost of raising capital.  
   The operation of our properties (including any ROFO Properties we may acquire) will require, and the operation of properties acquired in
the future will likely require, the use of certain brand names.   The operation of our properties requires the use of certain brand names, and the terms of the Master Lease do not require the Tenant, MGM or any of its subsidiaries to transfer
any intellectual property rights associated with any casino resort to us or to potential new tenants. If the Tenant or another subsidiary of MGM were to cease being the tenant of the properties, we or a successor tenant may be required to rebrand
and/or renovate such properties at substantial cost. If we are unable to successfully manage the transition of our business to new brands in order to accommodate future tenants, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.    Further, in connection with the Formation Transactions, we entered into a royalty-free
intellectual property rights license agreement (the  IP License Agreement ) the IP License Agreement with MGM pursuant to which we will have the right to use  MGM  in the corporate names of our company and our subsidiaries
without royalties for up to 50 years. Pursuant to the IP License Agreement, we will also have the right to use the  MGM  mark and the  MGM  logo in our advertising materials without royalties for up to 50 years. We are reliant on
MGM to maintain and protect its intellectual property rights and we could be adversely impacted by infringement, invalidation, unauthorized use or litigation affecting the licensed intellectual property or brand names used in the operation of the
properties. When our right to use the MGM brand name and logo expires under the terms of the IP License Agreement, or if such agreement is terminated earlier due to a breach or otherwise, we may not be able to maintain or enjoy comparable name
recognition or status under our new brand. If we are unable to successfully manage the transition of our business to our new brand, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
    Risks Related to Our Affiliation with MGM   
   We are controlled by MGM, whose interests in our business may conflict with ours or yours.   Our Class B share, representing a
majority of the voting power of our shares, is owned by MGM, whose interests may differ from or conflict with the interests of our other shareholders. MGM will have the ability to exercise control over our affairs, including control over the outcome
of all matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including the election of directors and significant transactions. MGM will also have the power to prevent or cause a change in control as a result of its beneficial ownership of our Class B
share, which could, among other things, discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us in a manner that provides a control premium to any shareholders other than MGM. Moreover, in such a change of control, shareholders are
not entitled to dissenters  rights of appraisal under our operating agreement or applicable Delaware law. As a result, unless and until MGM and its controlled affiliates  (excluding us and our subsidiaries) aggregate beneficial ownership
of the combined economic interests in MGP and the Operating Partnership falls below 30%, MGM will be able to effectively control us.    It
is possible that MGM s interests may, in some circumstances, conflict with your interests as a shareholder. For example, MGM may prevent us from selling properties if such sales would result in unfavorable tax allocations to MGM under
Section 704(c) of the Code, which would require allocations to be made to MGM upon a transfer of any properties contributed by it to the Operating Partnership on account of the difference between the fair market value of those properties and
their adjusted tax basis on the date that MGM contributed such properties, even if such a sale would be advantageous to MGP. In addition, because of our dual class structure, MGM will continue to be able to elect our board of directors and control
all matters submitted to our shareholders for approval even though they will not own any Class A shares. This concentrated control will limit the ability of shareholders to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that
our shareholders do not view as beneficial, which could adversely affect the market price of our Class A shares.    Various conflicts
of interest between MGM and us could arise. Some of our directors may own more stock in MGM than in our company. Ownership interests of officers and directors of MGM in our shares, or a person s service as either an officer or director of both
companies, could create or appear to create potential conflicts of interest when those officers and directors are faced with decisions that could have different implications for MGM and us. Potential conflicts of interest could also arise if we
enter into any new commercial arrangements with MGM while it maintains control through the Class B share. Furthermore, our ability to lease our properties to or acquire properties from companies other than MGM or its affiliates in the future could
be limited. In particular, we are prevented from selling or leasing our properties or our interests in the Operating Partnership or the Landlord to competitors of MGM. Our operating agreement provides that MGM has no duty to refrain from engaging in
the same or similar business activities or lines of business, doing business with any of our customers or employing or otherwise engaging any of our directors, officers or employees, and MGM is not obligated to identify, acquire, or sell us any
properties in the future.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

  Pursuant to the terms of our operating agreement, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any
analogous doctrine, does not apply to, among others, MGM and its affiliates and our directors or executive officers or any of their affiliates. Some of our executive officers and directors may also serve as officers and directors of MGM. No such
person or entity that becomes aware of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for us will have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to us. Any such person or entity will not be liable
to us or to any shareholder for breach of any fiduciary duty or other duty by reason of the fact that such person or entity pursues or acquires such opportunity for itself, directs such opportunity to another person or entity or does not communicate
such opportunity or information to us. Therefore, MGM and its affiliates may compete with us for investment opportunities and may own an interest in entities that compete with us on an operations basis.  
 In connection with the Formation Transactions we entered into various agreements to govern our relationship with MGM. These agreements
include, in addition to the Master Lease, the MCA, Corporate Services Agreement, IP License Agreement and registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ). Related agreements and other transactions with MGM were
determined by MGM and thus may not be representative of what we have achieved on a stand-alone basis or from an unaffiliated third party.  
   We are dependent on MGM for the provision of administration services to our operations and assets.   The operation of our business
depends on the administration services provided by MGM. MGM s personnel and support staff that provide services to us are not required to act exclusively for us, and no specific individuals are required to be provided to us by MGM. Any failure
to effectively manage our operations or to implement our strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 If MGM were to default in the performance of its obligations to provide us with services, we may be unable to contract with a substitute
service provider on similar terms or at all. The costs of substituting service providers may be substantial. In addition, in light of MGM s familiarity with our properties, a substitute service provider may not be able to provide the same level
of service due to lack of pre-existing synergies. If we cannot locate a service provider that is able to provide us with substantially similar services as MGM does under our current agreements on similar terms, it could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.      Our operating agreement contains provisions that
reduce or eliminate duties (including fiduciary duties) of our directors, officers and others.   Our operating agreement provides that our board of directors, in exercising its rights in its capacity as members of the board of directors, is
entitled to consider only such interests and factors as they desire, including MGM s interests, and has no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting us and is not subject to
any different standards imposed by our operating agreement, the Limited Liability Company Act of Delaware or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. Similarly, our operating agreement provides that our officers, MGM and its affiliates
and any other person eligible for indemnification under the terms of our operating agreement do not have any duties or liabilities, including fiduciary duties, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to us, any shareholder or any other person.  
   MGM has no obligation to fund our future capital needs.   MGM has no obligation to fund our business and operations, and does not
guarantee or otherwise provide credit support for our indebtedness. We cannot assure our shareholders that adequate sources of funding will be available to us on favorable terms or at all. As a result, we may not be able to fund our future capital
needs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.      If MGM engages in the
same type of business we conduct, our ability to successfully operate and expand our business may be hampered.   Our operating agreement provides that:      

the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, does not apply to, among others, MGM and its affiliates and our directors or executive officers or any of their affiliates;    
      43  

Table of Contents  

no such persons or entities will have any duty to communicate or offer any opportunity, of which such person becomes aware, relating to a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an
opportunity for such other persons;    

no such persons or entities will be liable to such other persons for breach of any fiduciary duty or other duty by reason of the fact that such person pursues or acquires such opportunity for itself, directs such
opportunity to another person or entity or does not communicate such opportunity or information to such other persons or entities; and    

MGM and its affiliates may compete with us for investment opportunities and may own an interest in entities that compete with us on an operations basis.    
 If MGM were to engage in a business in direct competition with us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.      The Master Lease and other agreements governing our relationship with MGM were not
negotiated on an arm s-length basis and the terms of those agreements may be less favorable to us than they might otherwise have been in an arm s-length transaction.   In connection with the Formation Transactions, we entered into
the Master Lease and various agreements to govern our relationship with MGM. These agreements include the MCA, Corporate Services Agreement, IP License Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement and a sublease agreement. While MGM endeavored to have
these agreements reflect customary, arm s-length commercial terms and conditions, these agreements are not the result of arm s-length negotiations, and consequently there can be no assurance that the terms of these agreements are as
favorable to us as if they had been negotiated with unaffiliated third parties. In addition, we may choose not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, our rights under our agreements with MGM because of our desire to maintain our ongoing
relationship with MGM and its affiliates.      MGM may undergo a change of control without the consent of us or of our shareholders.
  MGM is not required to seek our consent or the consent of our shareholders in connection with a change of control involving MGM, and accordingly, MGM s controlling interest in us may become controlled by a new owner of MGM in the event
of such change of control. If a new owner were to acquire MGM and thereby acquire MGM s interest in us, and appoint new directors or officers of its own choosing, it would be able to exercise substantial influence over our policies and
procedures and exercise substantial influence over our management and the types of acquisitions that we make. Such changes could result in our capital being used to make acquisitions that are substantially different from our targeted acquisitions.
Additionally, we cannot predict with any certainty the effect that any change of control of MGM and transfer in MGM s interest in us would have on the trading price of our shares or on our ability to raise capital or make investments in the
future, because such matters would depend to a large extent on the identity of the new owner and the new owner s intentions with regard to us. As a result, our future would be uncertain, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.      We are a  controlled company  within the meaning of
applicable stock market rules and, as a result, qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to shareholders of other companies.   MGM owns more than 50% of the voting
power of our outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, and we are a  controlled company  under applicable stock exchange corporate governance standards. As a controlled company, we intend to rely on
exemptions from certain stock exchange corporate governance standards, including the requirements that:      

the majority of our board of directors consists of independent directors;    

we have a nominating and governance committee composed entirely of independent directors with a written operating agreement addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and    

we have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors with a written operating agreement addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities.    
 We intend to rely on these exemptions, and, as a result, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are
subject to all of the stock exchange corporate governance requirements.     Risks Related to Our REIT Election and Our Status as a REIT   
   If we do not qualify to be taxed as a REIT, or fail to remain qualified to be taxed as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   We intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to qualify to be
taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We received an opinion of Weil, Gotshal   Manges LLP ( REIT Tax Counsel ) that, commencing with our taxable year ending December 31, 2016, we will be organized in
conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws and our proposed method of operations will enable us to satisfy the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the U.S.
federal income tax laws for our taxable year ending December 31, 2016 and subsequent taxable years. You should be aware, however, that opinions of counsel are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) or any court. The
opinion of REIT Tax Counsel represents only the view of REIT Tax Counsel, based on its review and analysis of existing law and on certain representations as to factual matters and covenants made by MGM and us, including representations relating to
the values of our assets and the sources of our income. The opinion was expressed as of the date issued. REIT Tax Counsel will have no obligation to advise MGM, us or the holders of our shares of any subsequent change in the matters stated,
represented or assumed or of any subsequent change in applicable law. Furthermore, both the validity of the opinion of REIT Tax Counsel and our qualification to be taxed as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income,
organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis, the results of which will not be monitored by REIT Tax Counsel. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the
characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Any failure to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, or failure to remain to be
qualified to be taxed as a REIT, would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

    Qualifying to be taxed as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the
Code, and violations of these provisions could jeopardize our REIT qualification.   Qualification to be taxed as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative
authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our qualification to be taxed as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder
ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. In addition, our ability to satisfy the requirements to qualify to be taxed as a REIT may depend in part on the actions of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence.
     The ownership limits that apply to REITs, as prescribed by the Code and by our operating agreement, may inhibit market activity in
our shares and restrict our business combination opportunities.   In order for us to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding shares may be owned, beneficially or constructively, by five or fewer
individuals, as defined in the Code to include certain entities, at any time during the last half of each taxable year after the first year for which we elect to qualify to be taxed as a REIT. Additionally, at least 100 persons must beneficially own
our shares during at least 335 days of a taxable year (other than the first taxable year for which we elect to be taxed as a REIT). Also, subject to limited exceptions, neither we nor an actual or constructive owner of 10% or more (by value) of our
shares may actually or constructively own 10% or more of the interests in the assets or net profits of a non-corporate tenant, or, if the tenant is a corporation, 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to
vote or 10% or more of the total value of all classes of stock of the tenant. Any tenant that exceeds such ownership limits is referred to as a related party tenant, and rent from a related party tenant generally will not qualify under the REIT
income tests. Subject to certain exceptions, our operating agreement authorizes our board of directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification to be taxed as a REIT. Our operating agreement also provides
that, unless exempted by the board of directors in its sole discretion, no person may own more than 9.8% in value or in number, whichever is more restrictive, of any class of our shares (other than our Class B share) or 9.8% in value of the
aggregate outstanding shares of all classes and series of our shares, including if repurchases by us cause a person s holdings to exceed such limitations. The constructive ownership rules are complex and may cause Class A shares owned
directly or constructively by a group of related individuals to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. These ownership limits could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control of us that might involve a premium price for our
shares or otherwise be in the best interests of our shareholders.      Distributions payable by REITs generally do not qualify for the
reduced tax rates available for some dividends.   Distributions payable by REITs generally are not eligible for the reduced U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to income from  qualified dividends  payable to U.S. shareholders
that are individuals, trusts or estates. Although these rules do not adversely affect the taxation of REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts or estates to
perceive investments in REITs to be less attractive than investments in the shares of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our Class A shares.  
   REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan.   To maintain REIT status, we must
meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute to our shareholders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding
any net capital gains. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement and qualify for taxation as a REIT but distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and including
any net capital gains, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed net taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a nondeductible 4% excise tax if the amount that we actually distribute to our shareholders in
a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. We intend to make distributions to our shareholders to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

  From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our cash flow as a result of
differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. If we do not have other funds
available in these situations, we could be required to borrow funds on unfavorable terms, sell assets at disadvantageous prices or distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions to make distributions sufficient to enable
us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4% excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce the value of our equity.
Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our Class A shares.  
   To fund our growth strategy and refinance our indebtedness, we may depend on external sources of capital, which may not be available to
us on commercially reasonable terms or at all.   To maintain REIT status, we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute to our shareholders at least 90% of our REIT
taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains. As a result of these requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition financing, solely
from operating cash flows. Consequently, we intend to rely on third-party capital market sources for debt or equity financing to fund our business strategy. In addition, we will likely need third-party capital market sources to refinance our
indebtedness at maturity. Continued or increased turbulence in the United States or international financial markets and economies could adversely affect our ability to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis or access the capital
markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements and may result in adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As such, we may not be able to obtain the financing on favorable terms or at all. Our
access to third-party sources of capital also depends, in part, on:      

the market s perception of our growth potential;    

our then-current levels of indebtedness;    

our historical and expected future earnings, cash flows and cash distributions; and    

the market price per share of our Class A shares.      In addition, our ability to access
additional capital may be limited by the terms of the indebtedness we incurred pursuant to the Formation Transactions, which may restrict our incurrence of additional debt. If we cannot obtain capital when needed, we may not be able to acquire or
develop properties when strategic opportunities arise or refinance our debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
   Even if we remain qualified to be taxed as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow.   Even if we
remain qualified for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income and state or local income, property and transfer taxes. For example, in
the future, we may hold some of our assets or conduct certain of our activities through one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries (a  TRS ), to the extent we have a TRS in the future, or other subsidiary corporations that will be subject to
foreign, federal, state and local corporate-level income taxes as regular C corporations. In addition, we may incur a 100% excise tax on transactions with a TRS if they are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. Any of these taxes would
decrease cash available for distribution to our shareholders.      Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to liquidate
investments or forgo otherwise attractive opportunities.   To qualify to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must ensure that, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of our assets consists of
cash, cash items, government securities and  real estate assets  (as defined in the Code), including certain mortgage loans and securities. The remainder of our investments (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets
and securities issued by a TRS) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than
5% of the value of our total assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities issued by a TRS) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 25% (20% for taxable years beginning after
December 31, 2017) of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end
of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. These
actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our shareholders.    In addition to the asset
tests set forth above, to qualify to be taxed as a REIT we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the amounts we distribute to our shareholders and the ownership of our Class A shares. We may
be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying to be taxed as a REIT. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder
our ability to make certain attractive investments.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

    Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause
us to incur tax liabilities.   The REIT provisions of the Code substantially limit our ability to hedge our assets and liabilities. Any income from a hedging transaction that we enter into primarily to manage risk of currency fluctuations or
to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets does not constitute  gross income  for purposes of the 75% or 95% gross income tests that apply to REITs, provided
that certain identification requirements are met. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions or fail to properly identify such transaction as a hedge, the income is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes
of both of the gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may be required to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because a TRS may
be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise choose to bear. In addition, losses in a TRS will generally not provide any tax benefit, except that such losses could
theoretically be carried back or forward against past or future taxable income in the TRS.      If we fail to meet the REIT income tests
as a result of receiving non-qualifying income, we would be required to pay a penalty tax in order to retain our REIT status, or may fail to qualify as a REIT   .  Certain income we receive could be treated as non-qualifying income for
purposes of the REIT requirements. For example, rents we receive or accrue from the Tenant will not be treated as qualifying rent for purposes of these requirements if the Master Lease is not respected as a true lease for U.S. federal income tax
purposes and is instead treated as a service contract, joint venture or some other type of arrangement. If the Master Lease is not respected as a true lease for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may fail to qualify to be taxed as a REIT. Even if
we have reasonable cause for a failure to meet the REIT income tests as a result of receiving non-qualifying income, we would nonetheless be required to pay a penalty tax in order to retain our REIT status.  
   Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on us.   The rules dealing with federal income taxation
are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect our investors,
our business plans or us. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability
to qualify as a REIT or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of such qualification.     Risks Related to Our Class A Shares   
   The market price and trading volume of our shares may be volatile.   The market price of our Class A shares may be volatile.
In addition, the trading volume in our Class A shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. We cannot assure you that the market price of our Class A shares will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the
future.    Some of these factors, many of which are beyond our control, could negatively affect the market price of our Class A shares
or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our Class A shares include:      

actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly results of operations or distributions;    

changes in our funds from operations or earnings estimates;    

publication of research reports about us or the real estate or gaming industries;    

changes in market interest rates that may cause purchasers of our shares to demand a different yield;    

changes in market valuations of similar companies;    

market reaction to any additional debt we may incur in the future;    

additions or departures of key personnel;    

actions by institutional shareholders;    

speculation in the press or investment community about our company or industry or the economy in general;    

the occurrence of any of the other risk factors presented in our periodic reports; and    

general market and economic conditions.        Our cash available for distribution to
shareholders may not be sufficient to make distributions at expected levels, and we may need to borrow in order to make such distributions, make such distributions in the form of shares or may not be able to make such distributions in full.
  Distributions that we make will be authorized and determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion out of funds legally available therefor. While we anticipate maintaining relatively stable distribution(s) during each year, the
amount, timing and frequency of distributions will be at the sole discretion of the board of directors and will be declared based upon various factors, including, but not limited to: future taxable income, limitations contained in debt instruments,
debt service requirements, operating cash inflows and outflows including capital expenditures and acquisitions, limitations on our ability to use cash generated in the TRSs, if any, to fund distributions and applicable law.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

  For purposes of satisfying the minimum distribution requirement to qualify for and maintain REIT
status, our taxable income will be calculated without reference to our cash flow. Consequently, under certain circumstances, we may not have available cash to pay our required distributions, and we may need to increase our borrowings in order to
fund our intended distributions, or we may distribute a portion of our distributions in the form of our Class A shares, which could result in significant shareholder dilution, or in the form of our debt instruments. While the IRS has issued
private letter rulings to other REITs treating certain distributions that are paid partly in cash and partly in stock as taxable dividends that would satisfy that REIT annual distribution requirement and qualify for the dividends paid deduction for
U.S. federal income tax purposes, those rulings may be relied upon only by taxpayers to whom they were issued, and no assurances can be provided that we would obtain a similar ruling from the IRS if we were to request such a ruling, which we do not
currently intend to do. Therefore, it is unclear whether and to what extent we will be able to make taxable dividends payable in-kind. In addition, to the extent we were to make distributions that include our Class A shares or debt instruments,
a shareholder of ours will be required to report dividend income as a result of such distributions even though we distributed no cash or only nominal amounts of cash to such shareholder.  
   Future offerings of debt and/or preferred equity securities, which may be senior to our shares for purposes of distributions or upon
liquidation, could adversely affect the market price of our Class         A shares.   In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making additional offerings of debt or preferred equity
securities, including medium-term notes, trust preferred securities, senior or subordinated notes and preferred shares. If a liquidation event were to occur, holders of our debt securities and preferred shares and lenders with respect to other
borrowings will receive distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our shares. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing shareholders or reduce the market price of our Class A shares, or both.
Holders of our Class A shares are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Our preferred shares, if issued, could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on distribution payments that could
limit our ability to make a distribution to the holders of our Class A shares. Since our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate
the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our shareholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our Class A shares and diluting their shareholdings in us.  
   Our earnings and cash distributions could affect the market price of our Class         A shares.   Our
Class A shares may trade at prices that are higher or lower than the net asset value per share. To the extent that we retain operating cash flow for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other purposes rather than distributing the
cash flows to shareholders, these retained funds, while increasing the value of our underlying assets, may negatively impact the market price of our Class A shares. Our failure to meet market expectations with regard to future earnings and cash
distributions could adversely affect the market price of our Class A shares.      

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       None.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         

4.1 
    
 Indenture, dated as of August 12, 2016, among MGM Growth Properties Operating Partnership LP, MGP Finance Co-Issuer, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on August 12, 2016).  

10.1 
    
 First Amendment to Master Lease, dated as of August 1, 2016, between MGP Lessor, LLC and MGM Lessee, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K of MGM Resorts International filed on August 1,
2016).  

31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a).  

31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a).  

32.1* 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

32.2* 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101 
    
 The following information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) Condensed Combined and Consolidated Balance Sheets at
September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (audited); (ii) Unaudited Condensed Combined and Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three-and nine-months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; (iii) Unaudited
Condensed Combined and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three-and nine-months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and (vi) Condensed Notes to Unaudited Condensed Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements.  
   * Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed filed with the SEC, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any
filing with the SEC under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

MGM Growth Properties LLC  

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ JAMES C. STEWART   

James C. Stewart  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ ANDY H. CHIEN   

Andy H. Chien  

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   
 
      50  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d249199dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a)   
 I, James C. Stewart, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MGM Growth Properties LLC;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and
have:        

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

c) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 November 9, 2016       

/s/ JAMES C. STEWART   
 
 James C. Stewart  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d249199dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a)   
 I, Andy H. Chien, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MGM Growth Properties LLC;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and
have:        

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

c) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 November 9, 2016       

/s/ ANDY H. CHIEN   
 
 Andy H. Chien  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d249199dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MGM Growth Properties LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James C. Stewart, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.    

/s/ JAMES C. STEWART   
 
 James C. Stewart  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 November 9, 2016  
   A signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.      

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d249199dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MGM Growth Properties LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Andy H. Chien, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.    

/s/ ANDY H. CHIEN   
 
 Andy H. Chien  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 November 9, 2016  
   A signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mgp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mgp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mgp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mgp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mgp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mgp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

