<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_949961_0001387131-16-007975_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2046491</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71801</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>129551</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>510410</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>833024</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>458281</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-007975.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-007975
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS INC /TX/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000949961
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				752615944
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14784
		FILM NUMBER:		161996156

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1603 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4685224200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1603 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75234

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-007975.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 iot-10q_093016.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

or 

For the transition period from               
to                 

Commission File Number
001-14784 

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in Its Charter)   

Nevada  
      75-2615944   

(State
or Other Jurisdiction of 
         Incorporation
or Organization)  
     
         (I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.)   

1603 Lyndon B. Johnson Freeway, Suite 800,
Dallas, Texas 75234 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 (Zip Code) 

(469) 522-4200 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.            
 Yes             No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).             
 Yes             No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    
          
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer     
           (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting  company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).        Yes    
    No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS,
INC.   

  FORM 10-Q   

  TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PAGE   
 
        PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    
      4   

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)    
      5   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)     
      6   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    
      7   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
      15   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      21   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures    
      21   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 5.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      21   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      22   

SIGNATURES   
      23   

2  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC.   
 
        CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3  

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC.   
 
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
 
      (unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

4  

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC.   
 
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY    
 
      For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   
 
      (unaudited, dollars in thousands)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

5  

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC.   
 
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
 
      (unaudited)   

Nine Months Ended September 30,     

2016       
     2015     

(dollars in thousands)     
 
     Cash Flow From Operating Activities:    

Net income    
     $  2,388       
     $  1,837     
 
     Adjustments to
    reconcile net income applicable to common shares to net cash flows from operating activities:    

Decrease in assets:    

Accrued interest receivable from related parties    
        1,951       
        1,318     
 
         Other assets    
        133       
        190     
 
     Increase (decrease) in liabilities:    

Other liabilities    
                
        (16  )  
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities    
        4,472       
        3,329     

Cash Flow From Investing Activities:    

Proceeds
    from easement transfer    
                
        3,000     
 
     Receivable  from related parties    
        (4,473  )    
        (5,675  )  
 
     Net cash used in investing activities    
        (4,473  )    
        (2,675  )  

Cash Flow From Financing Activities:    

Payments on notes payable to related parties    
                
        (659  )  
 
     Net cash used in financing activities    
                
        (659  )  

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents    
        (1  )    
        (5  )  
 
     Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period    
        2       
        7     
 
     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period    
     $  1       
     $  2     

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:    

Cash paid for interest    
     $          
     $  404     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

6  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

Organization   

As used herein, the terms  IOT ,
 the Company ,  we ,  our ,  us  refer to Income Opportunity Realty Investors,
Inc., a Nevada corporation, individually or together with its subsidiaries. Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. is the successor
to a California business trust organized on December 14, 1984, which commenced operations on April 10, 1985. The Company
is headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and its common stock trades on the NYSE MKT under the symbol ( IOT ). 

Transcontinental Realty Investors, Inc.
( TCI ) owns approximately 81.1% of the Company s common stock. Effective July 17, 2009, IOT s financial
results were consolidated with those of American Realty Investors, Inc. ( ARL ) and TCI and their subsidiaries. IOT
is a  C  corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and files an annual consolidated income tax return with ARL
and its ultimate parent, May Realty Holdings, Inc. ( MRHI ). We have no employees. 

IOT invests in real estate through direct
ownership, leases and partnerships and also invests in mortgage loans on real estate. Pillar Income Asset Management, Inc. ( Pillar )
is the Company s external Advisor and Cash Manager. Although the Board of Directors is directly responsible for managing
the affairs of IOT, and for setting the policies which guide it, the day-to-day operations of IOT are performed by Pillar, as the
contractual Advisor, under the supervision of the Board.  Pillar s duties include, but are not limited to, locating,
evaluating and recommending real estate and real estate-related investment opportunities and arranging debt and equity financing
for the Company with third party lenders and investors.  Additionally, Pillar serves as a consultant to the Board with regard
to their decisions in connection with IOT s business plan and investment policy.  Pillar also serves as an Advisor and
Cash Manager to TCI and ARL. 

Our primary business is investing in real
estate and mortgage receivables. Land held for development or sale is our sole operating segment. At September 30, 2016, our land
consisted of 131.1 acres of developable land held subject to a sales contract. All of our land holdings are located in Farmers
Branch, Texas. The principal source of revenue for the Company is interest income on approximately $22.9 million of notes receivable
due from related parties. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Certain
information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted in accordance with
such rules and regulations, although management believes the disclosures are adequate to prevent the information presented from
being misleading. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring matters) considered necessary for
a fair presentation have been included. The results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for other interim periods or for the full fiscal year. 

The year-end Consolidated Balance Sheet
at December 31, 2015, was derived from the audited Consolidated Financial Statements at that date, but does not include all
of the information and disclosures required by GAAP for complete financial statements. For further information, refer to the Consolidated
Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015. Certain 2015 Consolidated Financial Statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying Consolidated Financial
Statements include our accounts, our subsidiaries, generally all of which are wholly-owned, and all entities in which we have a
controlling interest. Arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights are accounted for as a Variable Interest
Entity ( VIE ), in accordance with the provisions and guidance of ASC Topic 810  Consolidation , whereby
we have determined that we are a primary beneficiary of the VIE and meet certain criteria of a sole general partner or managing
member as identified in accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force ( EITF ) Issue 04-5, Investor s Accounting
for an Investment in a Limited Partnership when the Investor is the Sole General Partner and the Limited Partners have Certain
Rights ( EITF 04-5 ). VIEs are generally entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional
financial support from other parties or whose equity holders as a group lack adequate decision making ability, the obligation to
absorb expected losses or residual returns of the entity, or have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests.
The primary beneficiary generally is the entity that provides financial support and bears a majority of the financial risks, authorizes
certain capital transactions, or makes operating decisions that materially affect the entity s financial results. All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

7  

In determining whether we are the primary
beneficiary of a VIE, we consider qualitative and quantitative factors, including, but not limited to: the amount and characteristics
of our investment; the obligation or likelihood for us or other investors to provide financial support; our and the other investors 
ability to control or significantly influence key decisions for the VIE; and the similarity with and significance to the business
activities of us and the other investors. Significant judgments related to these determinations include estimates about the current
future fair values and performance of real estate held by these VIEs and general market conditions. As of September 30, 2016, IOT
was not the primary beneficiary of a VIE. 

Real Estate, Depreciation and Impairment   

Real estate assets are stated at the lower
of depreciated cost or fair value, if deemed impaired. Major replacements and betterments are capitalized and depreciated over
their estimated useful lives. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the useful lives of the properties (buildings
and improvements   10-40 years; furniture, fixtures and equipment   5-10 years). The Company continually evaluates
the recoverability of the carrying value of our real estate assets using the methodology prescribed in ASC Topic 360,  Property,
Plant and Equipment . Factors considered by management in evaluating impairment of our existing real estate assets held for
investment include significant declines in property operating profits, annually recurring property operating losses and other significant
adverse changes in general market conditions that are considered permanent in nature. Under ASC Topic 360, a real estate asset
held for investment is not considered impaired if the undiscounted, estimated future cash flows of an asset (both the annual estimated
cash flow from future operations and the estimated cash flow from the theoretical sale of the asset) over its estimated holding
period are in excess of the asset s net book value at the balance sheet date. If any real estate asset held for investment
is considered impaired, a loss is provided to reduce the carrying value of the asset to its estimated fair value. 

Real Estate Held For Sale   

We periodically classify real estate assets
as  held for sale . An asset is classified as held for sale after the approval of our Board of Directors, after an
active program to sell the asset has commenced and if the sale is probable. One of the deciding factors in determining whether
a sale is probable is whether the firm purchase commitment is obtained and whether the sale is probable within the year. Upon the
classification of a real estate asset as held for sale, the carrying value of the asset is reduced to the lower of its net book
value or its estimated fair value, less costs to sell the asset. Subsequent to the classification of assets as held for sale, no
further depreciation expense is recorded. Real estate assets held for sale are stated separately on the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Upon a decision that the sale is no longer probable, the asset is classified as an operating asset and depreciation
expense is reinstated. 

Prior to January 1, 2015, the operating
results of real estate assets held for sale and sold are reported as discontinued operations in the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Operations. Income from discontinued operations includes the revenues and expenses, including depreciation and interest expense,
associated with the assets. Effective January 1, 2015, Accounting Standards Update 2014-08,  Reporting Discontinued Operations
and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity  ( ASU 2014-08 ) substantially changed the criteria for
determining whether a disposition qualifies for discontinued operations presentation. Since the Company adopted ASU 2014-08, effective
January 1, 2015, we have had no dispositions that met the discontinued operations criteria. 

Cost Capitalization   

Costs related to planning, developing, leasing
and constructing a property are capitalized and classified as Real Estate in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We capitalize interest
to qualifying assets under development based on average accumulated expenditures outstanding during the period. In capitalizing
interest to qualifying assets, we first use the interest incurred on specific project debt, if any, and next use the weighted average
interest rate of non-project specific debt. 

We capitalize interest, real estate taxes
and certain operating expenses until building construction is substantially complete and the building is ready for its intended
use, but no later than one year from the cessation of major construction activity. 

We capitalize leasing costs, which include
commissions paid to outside brokers, legal costs incurred to negotiate and document a lease agreement and any internal costs that
may be applicable. We allocate these costs to individual tenant leases and amortize them over the related lease term. 

Fair Value Measurement   

We apply the guidance in ASC Topic 820,
 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , to the valuation of real estate assets. These provisions define fair value
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in a transaction between market participants
at the measurement date, establish a hierarchy that prioritizes the information used in developing fair value estimates and require
disclosure of fair value measurements by level within the fair value hierarchy. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted
prices in active markets (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (Level 3 measurements), such as the
reporting entity s own data. 

8  

The valuation hierarchy is based upon the
transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date and includes three levels defined as
follows: 

Level 1 -  
      Unadjusted quoted prices for identical and unrestricted assets or liabilities in active markets.   
 
      Level 2 -  
      Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.   
 
      Level 3 -  
      Unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement.   

A financial instrument s categorization
within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Related Parties  

We apply ASC Topic 805,  Business
Combinations , to evaluate business relationships. Related parties are persons or entities who have one or more of the following
characteristics, which include entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, trust for the benefit
of persons including principal owners of the entities and members of their immediate families, management personnel of the entity
and members of their immediate families and other parties with which the entity may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the decision making of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing
its own separate interests, or affiliates of the entity. 

Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In April 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2014-08,  Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals
of Components of an Entity , which changed the criteria for determining which disposals qualify as discontinued operations
and modifies related reporting and disclosure requirements.  Disposals representing
a strategic shift in operations, such as a change in a major line of business, a major geographical area or major equity investment,
that have a major effect on a company s operations and financial results will be presented as discontinued operations. If
the disposal does qualify as a discontinued operation under ASU 2014-08, the Company will be required to expand their disclosures
about discontinued operations to provide more information on the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of the disposed component.
The classification of operating results as discontinued operations is applied retroactively for all periods presented. The Company
has  had no dispositions that met the criteria for discontinued operations since adoption of ASU 2014-08, effective January
1, 2015. In addition, we  believe future sales of our individual operating
properties will no longer qualify as discontinued operations. See Note 7 below.   

In May 2014, Accounting Standards Update
No. 2014-09 ( ASU 2014-09 ),  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , was issued. This new guidance established
a new single comprehensive revenue recognition model and provides for enhanced disclosures. Under the new guidance, the nature,
timing and amount of revenue recognized for certain transactions could differ from those recognized under existing accounting guidance.
This new guidance does not affect revenue recognized under lease contracts. ASU 2014-09 is effective for reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on its financial position
and results of operations, if any. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-03 ).  ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs
to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent
with the presentation of a debt discount. Prior to the issuance of the standard, debt issuance costs were required to be presented
in the balance sheet as an asset. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 effective June 30, 2015. 

In February 2016, Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-02 ( ASU 2016-02 ), Leases was issued. This new guidance establishes a new model for accounting for leases
and provides for enhanced disclosures. ASU 2016-02 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on its financial position and results of operations, if any. 

NOTE 2. REAL ESTATE ACTIVITY  

As of September 30, 2016, our real estate
land holdings consisted of 131.1 acres of developable land, located in Farmers Branch, Texas, held subject to a sales contract.
In November 2015, the Company entered into a sales contract with an unrelated party. The contract was for all of the developable
land owned by the Company. In addition, TCI, ARL and Realty Advisors, Inc. ( RAI ) also sold land in this transaction.
Total consideration for the sale was $75 million. The ultimate allocation of the proceeds to the parties involved is yet to be
determined and will be completed when the final use of the land, certain development commitments are completed and the noted is
collected. The agreement among the parties to this transaction provides for TCI to hold the subordinated note from the buyer in
the amount of $50 million. 

9  

At the closing, the note payable to related
parties for $9.6 million was paid off. Due to the inadequate down payment from the buyer and the level of seller financing involved,
the transaction is being accounted for under the deposit method. Under the deposit method, no revenue is recognized and the asset
sold remains on the books until the criteria for full revenue recognition are met. 

NOTE 3. NOTES AND INTEREST RECEIVABLE
FROM RELATED PARTIES  

Notes and interest receivable from related
parties is comprised of junior mortgage loans, which are loans secured by mortgages that are subordinate to one or more prior liens
on the underlying real estate. Recourse on the loans ordinarily includes the real estate which secures the loan, other collateral
and personal guarantees of the borrower. 

All of the Company s notes receivable
are with Unified Housing Foundation, Inc. ( UHF ). UHF is determined to be a related party to the Company due to our
significant investment in the performance of the collateral secured under the notes receivable. Payments are due from surplus cash
flow from operations, sale or refinancing of the underlying properties. These notes are cross collateralized to the extent that
any surplus cash available from any of the properties underlying these notes will be used to repay outstanding interest and principal
for the remaining notes. Furthermore, any surplus cash available from any of the properties UHF owns, besides the properties underlying
these notes, can be used to repay outstanding interest and principal for these notes. The allowance on the notes was a purchase
allowance that was netted against the notes when acquired. 

At September 30, 2016, we had mortgage loans
and accrued interest receivable from related parties, net of allowances, totaling $22.9 million. As of September 30, 2016, we recognized
interest income of $3.4 million related to these notes receivable. Below is a summary of notes and interest receivable from related
parties (dollars in thousands): 

All are related party notes.  

NOTE 4. NOTES AND INTEREST PAYABLE

In November 2015, the Company entered into
a sales contract with an unrelated party. The contract was for all of the developable land owned by the Company. In addition, TCI,
ARL and RAI also sold land in this transaction. Total consideration for the sale was $75 million. The ultimate allocation of the
proceeds to the parties involved is yet to be determined and will be completed when the final use of the land, certain development
commitments are completed and the noted is collected. The agreement among the parties to this transaction provides for TCI to hold
the subordinated note from the buyer in the amount of $50 million. At the closing, the note payable to related parties for $9.6
million was paid off. Due to the inadequate down payment from the buyer and the level of seller financing involved, the transaction
is being accounted for under the deposit method. Under the deposit method, no revenue is recognized and the asset sold remains
on the books until the criteria for full revenue recognition are met. 

10  

NOTE 5. RECEIVABLE FROM AND PAYABLE TO RELATED PARTIES   

From time to time, IOT and its related parties
have made unsecured advances to each other which include transactions involving the purchase, sale, and financing of property.
In addition, we have a cash management agreement with our Advisor. The agreement provides for excess cash to be invested in and
managed by our Advisor, Pillar, a related party. The table below reflects the various transactions between IOT, Pillar, and TCI
(dollars in thousands): 

We have historically engaged in and will
continue to engage in certain business transactions with related parties, including but not limited to asset acquisitions and dispositions.
Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s length basis due to the absence of
free market forces that naturally exist in business dealings between two or more unrelated entities. Related party transactions
may not always be favorable to our business and may include terms, conditions and agreements that are not necessarily beneficial
to or in the best interest of the Company. 

11  

NOTE 6. OPERATING SEGMENTS   

The Company s segments are based on
management s method of internal reporting, which classifies operations by the type of property in the portfolio. The Company s
segments by use of property are land and other. Significant differences among the accounting policies of the operating segments
as compared to the Consolidated Financial Statements principally involve the calculation and allocation of administrative and other
expenses. Management evaluates the performance of each of the operating segments and allocates resources to them based on their
operating income and cash flow. 

Items of income that are not reflected in
the segments are interest, other income, gain on debt extinguishment, gain on condemnation award, equity in partnerships, and gains
on sale of real estate. Expenses that are not reflected in the segments are provision for losses, advisory, net income and incentive
fees, general and administrative, non-controlling interests and net loss from discontinued operations before gains on sale of real
estate. The segment labeled as  Other  consists of revenue and operating expenses related to the notes receivable and
corporate debt. 

Presented below is the operating segment
information for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

The table below reflects the reconciliation
of the segment information to the corresponding amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

12  

Presented below is the operating segment
information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

The table below reflects the reconciliation
of the segment information to the corresponding amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

The table below reflects the reconciliation
of the segment information to the corresponding amounts in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (dollars in thousands): 

13  

NOTE 7.  discontinued operations   

Prior to January 1, 2015, we applied the
provisions of ASC 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment , which requires that long-lived assets that are to be disposed
of by sale be measured at the lesser of (1) book value or (2) fair value less cost to sell. In addition, it requires
that one accounting model be used for long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale and broadens the presentation of discontinued
operations to include more disposal transactions. 

Effective January 1, 2015, the Company adopted
the provisions of ASU 2014-08,  Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity ,
which changed the criteria of ASC 360 related to determining which disposals qualify to be accounted for as discontinued operations
and modified related reporting and disclosure requirements. Disposals representing a strategic shift in operations that have a
major effect on a company s operations and financial results will be presented as discontinued operations.  The
Company has  had no dispositions that met the criteria for discontinued operations since adoption of ASU 2014-08, effective
January 1, 2015. 

NOTE 8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

Litigation  .  The Company and
its subsidiaries, from time to time, have been involved in various items of litigation incidental to and in the ordinary course
of its business and, in the opinion of management, the outcome of such litigation will not have a material adverse impact upon
the Company s financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company has evaluated subsequent events
through November 14, 2016, the date the Consolidated Financial Statements were available to be issued, and has determined that
there are none to be reported. 

14  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

This Report on Form 10-Q may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, principally, but not only, under the caption  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . We caution investors that any forward-looking
statements in this report, or which management may make orally or in writing from time to time, are based on management s
beliefs and on assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used, the words  anticipate ,
 believe ,  expect ,  intend ,  may ,  might ,  plan ,
 estimate ,  project ,  should ,  will ,  result  and similar expressions
which do not relate solely to historical matters are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are subject
to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance, which may be affected by known and unknown
risks, trends, uncertainties and factors that are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected.
We caution you that, while forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs when we make them, they are not guarantees
of future performance and are impacted by actual events when they occur after we make such statements. We expressly disclaim any
responsibility to update our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Accordingly,
investors should use caution in relying on past forward-looking statements, which are based on results and trends at the time they
are made, to anticipate future results or trends. 

Some of the risks and uncertainties that
may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking
statements include, among others, the following: 

general risks affecting the real estate industry (including, without limitation, the inability
to enter into or renew leases, dependence on tenants  financial condition, and competition from other developers, owners
and operators of real estate);   

risks associated with the availability and terms of construction and mortgage financing and the
use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments;   

demand for apartments and commercial properties in the Company s markets and the effect on
occupancy and rental rates;   

the Company s ability to obtain financing, enter into joint venture arrangements in relation
to or self-fund the development or acquisition of properties;   

risks associated with the timing and amount of property sales and the resulting gains/losses associated
with such sales;   

failure to manage effectively our growth and expansion into new markets or to integrate acquisitions
successfully;   

risks and uncertainties affecting property development and construction (including, without limitation,
construction delays, cost overruns, inability to obtain necessary permits and public opposition to such activities);   

risks associated with downturns in the national and local economies, increases in interest rates,
and volatility in the securities markets;   

costs of compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and other similar laws and regulations;   

potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental contamination; and   

risks associated with our dependence on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed.   

The risks included here are not exhaustive.
Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by forward-looking statements, include among others, the factors listed and described in Part I, Item 1A.
 Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, which investors should review. There have been no
changes from the risk factors previously described in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015. 

Other sections of this report may also
include suggested factors that could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive
and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such
matters; nor can we assess the impact of all such matters on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of
factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks
and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Investors
should also refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for future periods and to other materials we may furnish to the public
from time to time through Forms 8-K or otherwise as we file them with the SEC. 

15  

Overview   

We are an externally advised and managed
real estate investment company that currently owns land held for development or sale. As of September 30, 2016, we owned 131.1
developable acres of land held subject to a sales contract, located in Texas. We have no employees. 

Our primary source of revenue is from the
interest income on approximately $22.9 million of notes receivable due from related parties. 

We have historically engaged in, and may
continue to engage in, certain business transactions with related parties, including but not limited to asset acquisition and dispositions.
Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s length basis due to the absence of
free market forces that naturally exist in business dealings between two or more unrelated entities. Related party transactions
may not always be favorable to our business and may include terms, conditions and agreements that are not necessarily beneficial
to or in our best interest. 

Pillar is the Company s external
Advisor and Cash Manager. Although the Board of Directors is directly responsible for managing the affairs of IOT, and for setting
the policies which guide it, the day-to-day operations of IOT are performed by Pillar, as the contractual Advisor, under the supervision
of the Board.  Pillar s duties include, but are not limited to, locating, evaluating and recommending real estate and
real estate-related investment opportunities and arranging debt and equity financing for the Company with third party lenders and
investors.  Additionally, Pillar serves as a consultant to the Board with regard to their decisions in connection with IOT s
business plan and investment policy.  Pillar also serves as an Advisor and Cash Manager to TCI and ARL. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

We present our Consolidated Financial Statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). The Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) is the single source of authoritative
accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 

The accompanying Consolidated Financial
Statements include our accounts, our subsidiaries, generally all of which are wholly-owned, and all entities in which we have a
controlling interest. Arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights are accounted for as a Variable Interest
Entity ( VIE ), in accordance with the provisions and guidance of ASC Topic 810  Consolidation , whereby
we have determined that we are a primary beneficiary of the VIE and meet certain criteria of a sole general partner or managing
member as identified in accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force ( EITF ) Issue 04-5, Investor s Accounting
for an Investment in a Limited Partnership when the Investor is the Sole General Partner and the Limited Partners have Certain
Rights ( EITF 04-5 ). VIEs are generally entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional
financial support from other parties or whose equity holders, as a group, lack adequate decision making ability, the obligation
to absorb expected losses or residual returns of the entity, or have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic
interests. The primary beneficiary generally is the entity that provides financial support and bears a majority of the financial
risks, authorizes certain capital transactions, or makes operating decisions that materially affect the entity s financial
results. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

In determining whether we are the primary
beneficiary of a VIE, we consider qualitative and quantitative factors, including, but not limited to: the amount and characteristics
of our investment; the obligation or likelihood for us or other investors to provide financial support; our and the other investors 
ability to control or significantly influence key decisions for the VIE; and the similarity with and significance to the business
activities of us and the other investors. Significant judgments related to these determinations include estimates about the current
future fair values and performance of real estate held by these VIEs and general market conditions. 

For entities in which we have less than
a controlling financial interest or entities where we are not deemed to be the primary beneficiary, the entities are accounted
for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, our share of the net earnings or losses of these entities are included
in net income. 

Real Estate   

Upon acquisitions of real estate, we assess
the fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets, including land, buildings, tenant improvements,  above-market 
and  below-market  leases, origination costs, acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible assets and assumed
liabilities in accordance with ASC Topic 805  Business Combinations , and allocate the purchase price to the acquired
assets and assumed liabilities, including land at appraised value and buildings at replacement cost. 

16  

We assess and consider fair value based
on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount and/or capitalization rates, as well as available market information.
Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known and anticipated
trends, and market and economic conditions. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of
the property as if it were vacant. We also consider an allocation of purchase price of other acquired intangibles, including acquired
in-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of
the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenants  credit quality and expectations of lease renewals. 

A variety of costs are incurred in the
acquisition, development and leasing of properties. After determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific
component of a project that is benefited. Determination of when a development project is substantially complete and capitalization
must cease involves a degree of judgment. Our capitalization policy on development properties is guided by ASC Topic 835-20  Interest
  Capitalization of Interest  and ASC Topic 970  Real Estate   General . The costs of land and buildings
under development include specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs include pre-construction costs essential to the
development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs
and other costs incurred during the period of development. We cease capitalization when a building is considered substantially
complete and ready for its intended use, but no later than one year from the cessation of major construction activity. 

Depreciation and Impairment   

Real estate is stated at depreciated cost.
The cost of buildings and improvements includes the purchase price of property, legal fees and other acquisition costs. Costs directly
related to the development of properties are capitalized. Capitalized development costs include interest, property taxes, insurance,
and other project costs incurred during the period of development. 

Management reviews its long-lived assets
used in operations for impairment when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates impairment in value. An impairment
loss is recognized if the carrying amount of its assets is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. If such impairment is present,
an impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. The evaluation of
anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital
requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. 

Recognition of Revenue   

Our revenues are composed largely of interest
income on notes receivable recorded in accordance with the terms of the notes. 

Revenue Recognition on the Sale of Real Estate   

Sales and the associated gains or losses
of real estate assets are recognized in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360-20,  Property, Plant and Equipment
  Real Estate Sale . The specific timing of a sale is measured against various criteria in ASC Topic 360-20 related
to the terms of the transaction and any continuing involvement in the form of management or financial assistance associated with
the properties. If the sales criteria for the full accrual method are not met, we defer some or all of the gain recognition and
account for the continued operations of the property by applying the finance, leasing, deposit, installment or cost recovery methods,
as appropriate, until the sales criteria are met. 

Non-Performing Notes Receivable   

We consider a note receivable to be non-performing
when the maturity date has passed without principal repayment and the borrower is not making interest payments in accordance with
the terms of the agreement. 

Allowance for Estimated Losses   

We assess the collectability of notes receivable
on a periodic basis, of which the assessment consists primarily of an evaluation of cash flow projections of the borrower to determine
whether estimated cash flows are sufficient to repay principal and interest in accordance with the contractual terms of the note.
We recognize impairments on notes receivable when it is probable that principal and interest will not be received in accordance
with the contractual terms of the loan. The amount of the impairment to be recognized generally is based on the fair value of the
partnership s real estate that represents the primary source of loan repayment. See Note 3  Notes and Interest Receivable
from Related Parties  for details on our notes receivable. 

17  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

We apply the guidance in ASC Topic 820,
 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  and includes three levels defined as follows: 

Level 1 -  
      Unadjusted quoted prices for identical and unrestricted assets or liabilities in active markets.   

Level 2 -  
      Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.   

Level 3 -  
      Unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement.   

A financial instrument s categorization
within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Related Parties  

We apply ASC Topic 805,  Business
Combinations , to evaluate business relationships. Related parties are persons or entities who have one or more of the following
characteristics, which include entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, trust for the benefit
of persons including principal owners of the entities and members of their immediate families, management personnel of the entity
and members of their immediate families and other parties with which the entity may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the decision making of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing
its own separate interests, or affiliates of the entity. 

Results of Operations   

The following discussion is based on our
 Statement of Operations  for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as included in Part I, Item 1.
 Financial Statements  of this report. It is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our net
income applicable to common shares. Instead, we have focused on significant fluctuations within our operations that we feel are
relevant to obtain an overall understanding of the change in income applicable to common shareholders. 

Our current operations consist of land
held subject to a sales contract. Our operating expenses consist primarily of general and administrative costs such as audit and
legal fees and administrative fees paid to a related party. 

We also have other income and expense items.
We receive interest income from the funds deposited with our Advisor at a rate of prime plus 1%. We have receivables from related
parties which also provide interest income. 

Comparison of the three months ended
September 30, 2016 to the same period ended 2015:   

We had net income of $752,000 or $0.18
per diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net income of $680,000 or $0.16 per diluted share
for the same period ended 2015. 

Revenues   

Land held subject to a sales contract is
our sole operating segment. There was no income generated from this segment for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Expenses   

There were no property operating expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $56,000 in the prior period. The 2015 expense was due to property owner
association fees. 

General and administrative expenses increased
$27,000 to $89,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $62,000 for the prior period, primarily due to an
increase in administration expense paid to a related party. 

18  

Advisory fees were $162,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $176,000 for the same period of 2015 for a decrease of $14,000. Advisory fees are computed
based on a gross asset fee of 0.0625% per month (0.75% per annum) of the average of the gross asset value. 

Net income fee to related party increased
$16,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior period. The net income fee paid to our Advisor is calculated
at 7.5% of net income. 

Other income (expense)   

Interest income was $1.1 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $42,000 from interest income recognized in the first quarter of 2015. 

The company incurred no mortgage and loan
interest for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $112,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease
was due to the payoff of the mortgages for Mercer Crossing and Propel during 2015. We have no outstanding debt as of September
30, 2016. 

Comparison of the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 to the same period ended 2015:   

We had net income of $2.4 million or $0.57
per diluted share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $1.8 million or $0.44 per diluted share
for the same period in 2015. 

Revenues   

Land held for development or sale is our
sole operating segment. There was no income generated from this segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Expenses   

There were no property operating expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $71,000 in the prior period. The 2015 expense was due to property owner
association fees. 

General and administrative expenses were
$333,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $359,000 for the prior period for a decrease of $26,000. This
decrease was primarily due to a decrease in legal fees and a decrease in the administration expense paid to a related party. 

Advisory fees were $475,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $526,000 for the same period of 2015 for a decrease of $51,000. Advisory fees are computed
based on a gross asset fee of 0.0625% per month (0.75% per annum) of the average of the gross asset value. 

Net income fee to related party increased
$51,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior period. The net income fee paid to our Advisor is calculated
at 7.5% of net income. 

Other income (expense)   

Interest income remained fairly constant
at $3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

The Company incurred no mortgage and loan
interest for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $441,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This was due
to the payoff of the mortgages for Mercer Crossing and Propel during 2015. We have no outstanding debt as of September 30, 2016. 

19  

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

General   

Our principal liquidity needs are: 

meet debt service requirements including balloon payments;   

fund normal recurring expenses;   

fund capital expenditures; and   

fund new property acquisitions.   

Our primary source of cash is from collection
on receivables, sale of assets, and the refinancing of existing mortgages. We will refinance debt obligations as they become due
and generate cash from interest payments on notes receivable and the sale of properties. However, if refinancing and excess cash
from operations does not prove to be sufficient to satisfy all of our obligations as they mature, we may sell real estate, refinance
real estate, and incur additional borrowings secured by real estate to meet our cash requirements. 

Cash Flow Summary   

The following summary discussion of our
cash flows is based on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows from Part I, Item 1.  Financial Statements  and
is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows (dollars in thousands): 

The primary use of cash for operations
is daily operating costs, general and administrative expenses, advisory fees, and land holding costs. Our primary source of cash
for operations is from interest income on notes receivable. 

Our
primary cash outlays for investing activities are for investment of excess cash with our Advisor. The investing activity in the
current period was mainly due to the proceeds received on the notes receivable.  We invested more cash with our Advisor in
the current period. 

Our primary sources of cash from financing
activities are from proceeds on notes payables. Our primary cash outlays are for recurring debt payments and payments on maturing
notes payable. 

We did not pay quarterly dividends in 2016
or 2015. 

Environmental Matters   

Under various federal, state and local
environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, we may be potentially liable for removal or remediation costs, as well as certain
other potential costs, relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to persons and property)
where property-level managers have arranged for the removal, disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances. In addition,
certain environmental laws impose liability for release of asbestos-containing materials into the air and third parties may seek
recovery for personal injury associated with such materials. 

Management is not aware of any environmental
liability relating to the above matters that would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operations. 

Inflation   

The effects of inflation on our operations
are not quantifiable. Fluctuations in the rate of inflation affect the sales value of properties and the ultimate gain to be realized
from property sales. To the extent that inflation affects interest rates, earnings from short-term investments and the cost of
new financings, as well as the cost of variable interest rate debt, will be affected. 

20  

Tax Matters  

IOT is a member of the MRHI consolidated
group for federal income tax reporting. There is a tax sharing and compensating agreement between American Realty Investors, Inc.
ARL, TCI, and IOT. 

Financial statement income varies from
taxable income principally due to the accounting for income and losses of investees, gains and losses from asset sales, depreciation
on owned properties, amortization of discounts on notes receivable and payable and the difference in the allowance for estimated
losses. IOT has taxable income for the first nine months of 2016 on a stand-alone basis. This taxable income will be offset by
the sharing of NOLs from the MRHI consolidated group. 

At September 30 2016, IOT had a net deferred
tax asset of approximately $1.3 million due to tax deductions available to the Company on a stand-alone basis in future years. 

ITEM
                            3.        QUANTITATIVE
                                         AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

At September 30, 2016 the Company had no outstanding debt and
has no exposure to quantitative or qualitative issues. 

ITEM
                            4.        CONTROLS
                                         AND PROCEDURES   

Based on an evaluation by our management
(with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer), as of the end of the period covered
by this report, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ),
were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM
                            5.        UNREGISTERED
                                         SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

On December 5, 1989, the governing
body of the predecessor of the Company approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to a total of 200,000
shares of the predecessor. In June 2000, the Board of Directors of the Company increased the authorization to 500,000 shares. With
the 3-for-1 forward split of the Company s Common Stock in June 2005, such authorization would be appropriately increased
to 1,500,000 shares and the number of shares previously purchased would be appropriately increased by the same ratio. On August
10, 2010, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the share repurchase program for up to an additional 150,000 shares of
common stock which results in a total authorization under the repurchase program for up to 1,650,000 shares of our common stock.
This repurchase program has no termination date. There were no shares purchased under this program during the third quarter of
2016. As of September 30, 2016, 1,034,761 shares have been purchased and 615,239 shares may be purchased under the program. 

21  

ITEM
                            6.        EXHIBITS   

The following documents are filed herewith
as exhibits or incorporated by reference as indicated: 

Exhibit  Number  

Description  

3.0   

Articles of Incorporation of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., (incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, dated February 12, 1996).   

3.1   

Bylaws of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Forms S-4 dated February 12, 1996).    

10.3   

Advisory Agreement dated as of April 30, 2011 between Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. and Pillar Income Asset Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s current on Form 10-Q for event of May 2, 2011).   

10.4   

Loan Purchase Agreement (without exhibits), dated as of June 7, 2013 between IORI Operating Inc. and BDF TCI Mercer III, LLC.    

10.5   

Settlement and Release Agreement
        dated June 7, 2013 among TCI Mercer Crossing, Inc., Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., Transcontinental Lamar, Inc., Transcontinental
        Realty Investors, Inc., Prime Income Asset Management, LLC, American Realty Investors, Inc., American Realty Trust, Inc., Transcontinental
        Realty Investors, Inc., BDF TCI Mercer III, LLC, and Transcontinental BDF III, LLC. 

31.1  
      *  
       
       Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

31.2   
      *  
       
       Certification by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

32.1  
      *  
       
       Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*    Filed
                                         herewith  

22  

SIGNATURE PAGE   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
     
         /s/ Daniel J. Moos 

Daniel J. Moos   

President and Chief Executive Officer  
  (Principal Executive Officer)    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
     
         /s/ Gene S. Bertcher 

Gene S. Bertcher   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
  (Principal Financial Officer)    

23  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. - 10-Q  

  Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Daniel J. Moos, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the period presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluations; and   

(d)  Disclosed in the report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
     
         /s/ Daniel J. Moos    

Daniel J. Moos   

President and Chief Executive Officer  
          (Principal Executive Officer)     

24  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. - 10-Q  

  Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION   

I, Gene S. Bertcher, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the period presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluations; and   

(d)  Disclosed in the report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
     
         /s/ Gene S. Bertcher   

Gene S. Bertcher   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
          (Principal Financial Officer)     

25  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. - 10-Q     

  Exhibit 32.1  

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906   

  Of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

Each of the undersigned
officers of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) hereby certifies that: 

(i)  The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(ii)  The information contained in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 fairly presents in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company,
at and for the period indicated.   

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
     
         /s/ Daniel J. Moos   

Daniel J. Moos  

President and Chief Executive Officer  
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
     
         /s/ Gene S. Bertcher   

Gene S. Bertcher  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
          (Principal Financial Officer)    

26  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 iot-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 iot-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 iot-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 iot-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 iot-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 iot-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

