<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1625941_0001193125-16-765799_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1497542</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105331</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>119491</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>192737</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>624787</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>412622</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>7</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765799.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110152442
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765799
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INDUSTRIAL LOGISTICS REALTY TRUST INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001625941
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				471592886
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-200594
		FILM NUMBER:		161987723

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		518 SEVENTEENTH STREET
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-228-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		518 SEVENTEENTH STREET
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LOGISTICS PROPERTY TRUST INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765799.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d250880d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (Mark One)   
 
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                           
  Commission file number: 333-200594        
       Industrial
Logistics Realty Trust Inc.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

(303) 228-2200   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.     Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).     Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).     Yes           No        
 As of November 4, 2016, there were 20,000 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.  

INDUSTRIAL LOGISTICS REALTY TRUST INC.   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
   
    Financial Statements:   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31,
 2015   

3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September
 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   

4 

Consolidated Statement of Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
 and 2015 (unaudited)   

6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   

7 

Item 2. 
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

17 

Item 3. 
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

23 

Item 4. 
   
    Controls and Procedures   

23 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1A. 
   
    Risk Factors   

24 

Item 2. 
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

25 

Item 6. 
   
    Exhibits   

27 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        INDUSTRIAL LOGISTICS REALTY TRUST INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS       
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      3  

INDUSTRIAL LOGISTICS REALTY TRUST INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      4  

INDUSTRIAL LOGISTICS REALTY TRUST INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      5  

INDUSTRIAL LOGISTICS REALTY TRUST INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited)       
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      6  

INDUSTRIAL LOGISTICS REALTY TRUST INC.   
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (Unaudited)      1. ORGANIZATION   
 Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. (formerly known as Logistics Property Trust Inc.) (the  Company ) is a Maryland corporation formed on
August 12, 2014 ( Inception ). Unless the context otherwise requires, the  Company  refers to Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary, ILT Operating Partnership LP (the  Operating
Partnership ).    The Company was formed to make equity and debt investments in income-producing real estate assets consisting primarily of
high-quality distribution warehouses and other industrial properties that are leased to creditworthy corporate customers throughout the U.S. Although the Company intends to focus investment activities primarily on distribution warehouses and other
industrial properties, its charter and bylaws do not preclude it from investing in other types of commercial property, real estate debt, or real estate related equity securities. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has neither purchased nor
contracted to purchase any properties, debt, or real estate-related equity securities, nor have any probable acquisitions been identified.    The Company
intends to operate in a manner that will allow it to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) for federal income tax purposes commencing with the taxable year in which it satisfies the minimum offering requirements for its public
offering, which is currently expected to be the year ending December 31, 2016. The Company utilizes an Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust ( UPREIT ) organizational structure to hold all or substantially all of its
properties and securities through the Operating Partnership.    In November 2014, the Company sold 20,000 shares of Class A common stock to ILT
Advisors LLC (the  Advisor ) at a price of $10.00 per share. The Company contributed the $200,000 that it received from the Advisor to make an investment of $200,000 in the Operating Partnership in exchange for 20,000 Operating Partnership
Units ( OP Units ), which represent the Company s interest as the general partner and a limited partner of the Operating Partnership. The rights of the partners other than the general partner are limited and do not include the ability
to replace the general partner or approve the sale, purchase or refinancing of the Operating Partnership s assets. In addition, ILT Advisors Group LLC, the parent of the Advisor and the sponsor of the Company (the  Sponsor ),
contributed $1,000 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 100 OP Units that are part of a separate series of OP Units with special distribution rights ( Special Units ).  
 The Advisor, the Sponsor and the Operating Partnership were formerly known as Logistics Property Advisors LLC, Logistics Property Advisors Group LLC and
Logistics Property Operating Partnership LP, respectively.     2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
  Basis of Presentation     The accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ). In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments and eliminations, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation in conformity
with GAAP.     Basis of Consolidation     The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. and the Operating Partnership, as well as amounts related to noncontrolling interests. See  Noncontrolling Interests  below for further detail concerning
the accounting policies regarding noncontrolling interests. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  
      7  

Use of Estimates   
 GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically, and the effects of revision are reflected in the period they are determined to
be necessary.     Cash and Cash Equivalents     Cash and
cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.     Accounts Payable and Accrued
Liabilities     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consist of amounts payable related to compensation to the Company s independent directors.
    Noncontrolling Interests     Due to the Company s
control of the Operating Partnership through its sole general partner interest and its limited partner interest, the Company consolidates the Operating Partnership. The limited partner interests not owned by the Company are presented as
noncontrolling interests in the consolidated financial statements. The noncontrolling interests are reported on the consolidated balance sheets within permanent equity, separate from stockholder s equity. As the limited partner interests do not
participate in the profits and losses of the Operating Partnership, there is no net income or loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests on the consolidated statements of operations.  
  Organization and Offering Expenses     Organization and
offering expenses are accrued by the Company only to the extent that the Company is successful in raising gross offering proceeds. If the Company is not successful in raising equity proceeds, no amounts will be payable by the Company to the Advisor
for reimbursement of cumulative organization and offering expenses. Organization costs are expensed in the period they become reimbursable and offering expenses associated with the Company s public offerings are recorded as a reduction of gross
offering proceeds in additional paid-in capital. See  Note 4  for additional information regarding when organization and offering expenses become reimbursable.  
  Income Taxes     The Company intends to qualify as a REIT
under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commencing with the taxable year in which it satisfies the minimum offering requirements, which is currently expected to be the year ending December 31, 2016. As a REIT, the Company generally
will not be subject to federal income taxes on net income that it distributes to stockholders. The Company intends to make timely distributions sufficient to satisfy the annual distribution requirements. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in
any taxable year, the Company will be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income
and property and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income.     Concentration of Credit Risk   
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. At times,
balances with any one financial institution may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance limits. The Company believes it mitigates this risk by investing its cash with high-credit quality financial institutions.
 
      8  

3. STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY   
  Initial Public Offering     On November 25, 2014, the
Company filed a registration statement with the SEC on Form S-11 in connection with the initial public offering of up to $2,000,000,000 in shares of common stock (the  Offering ). The registration statement was subsequently declared
effective on February 18, 2016. Pursuant to its initial registration statement, prior to the amendment described below, the Company had been offering for sale up to $1,500,000,000 in shares of common stock at a price of $10.00 per Class A
share and $9.4149 per Class T share, and up to $500,000,000 in shares under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan at a price of $9.50 per Class A share and $9.4149 per Class T share.  
  Reclassification of Shares     On July 1, 2016, the
Company filed a post-effective amendment to its registration statement that reclassified the Company s common stock offered pursuant to its registration statement into Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares. The SEC declared
the post-effective amendment effective on August 8, 2016. Pursuant to its registration statement, as amended, the Company is offering for sale up to $1,500,000,000 in shares of common stock at a price of $10.00 per Class A share, $9.4180
per Class T share and $9.0355 per Class W share, and up to $500,000,000 in shares under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan at a price of $9.0355 per share. The Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares have identical
rights and privileges, including identical voting rights, but have differing fees that are payable on a class-specific basis, as described in  Note 4.  The per share amount of distributions paid on Class T shares and Class W shares will be
lower than the per share amount of distributions paid on Class A shares because of the distribution fees payable with respect to Class T shares and Class W shares sold in the primary offering. The Company s shares of common stock consist
of Class A shares, Class T shares and Class W shares, all of which are collectively referred to herein as shares of common stock.    The Company is
offering to sell its common stock in any combination of Class A shares, Class T shares and Class W shares with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The Company has the right to reallocate the shares of common stock offered between
the Company s primary offering and the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. Dividend Capital Securities LLC (the  Dealer Manager ), a related party, provides dealer manager services in connection with the Offering. The
Offering is a best efforts offering, which means that the Dealer Manager is not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of shares of common stock in the Offering, but will use its best efforts to sell the shares of common stock. The
Offering is a continuous offering that will end no later than two years after the effective date of the Offering, or February 18, 2018, unless extended for up to an additional one and a half year period by the Company s board of directors,
subject to applicable regulatory requirements. If the Company does not sell $2,000,000 in shares of common stock before February 18, 2017, then the Offering will terminate and any funds received will be returned.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not sold any shares of its common stock in the Offering.  
  Distributions     The Company intends to accrue and make
distributions on a regular basis beginning no later than the first calendar quarter after the quarter in which the minimum offering requirements are met. Quarterly cash distributions for each stockholder will be calculated for each day the
stockholder has been a stockholder of record during such quarter. Stockholders may elect to have cash distributions reinvested in shares of the same class as the shares to which the distributions relate through its distribution reinvestment plan.
See  Note 7  for a description of the cash distributions and stock dividends authorized by the Company s board of directors.  
  Redemptions     Subject to certain restrictions and
limitations, a stockholder may redeem shares of the Company s common stock for cash at a price equal to the then-current  net investment value  of the shares (unless and until the Company s board of directors has determined an
estimated per share net asset value ( NAV ), at which point the redemption  
      9  

price for each class of shares will be equal to the estimated per share NAV most recently disclosed by the Company). Shares of common stock must be held for a minimum of 18 months, subject to
certain exceptions. The Company is not obligated to redeem shares of its common stock under the share redemption program. The Company presently intends to limit the number of shares to be redeemed during any consecutive 12-month period to no more
than five percent of the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the beginning of such 12-month period. The Company also intends to limit redemptions in accordance with a quarterly cap.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not redeemed any shares of its common stock.  
  4. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS     The Company relies on the
Advisor, a related party, to manage the Company s day-to-day operating and acquisition activities and to implement the Company s investment strategy pursuant to the terms of the second amended and restated advisory agreement, dated
October 27, 2016, (the Advisory Agreement), by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership and the Advisor. The current term of the Advisory Agreement ends February 9, 2017, subject to renewals by the Company s board of directors
for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods. The Dealer Manager provides dealer manager services in connection with the Offering pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated dealer manager agreement, dated as of July 1, 2016, by
and among the Company, the Advisor and the Dealer Manager. Dividend Capital Property Management LLC (the  Property Manager ) may perform certain property management services on behalf of the Company and the Operating Partnership. The
Sponsor, which owns the Advisor, is presently directly or indirectly majority owned by John A. Blumberg, James R. Mulvihill and Evan H. Zucker and/or their affiliates and the Sponsor and the Advisor are jointly controlled by Messrs. Blumberg,
Mulvihill and Zucker and/or their affiliates. The Dealer Manager and the Property Manager are presently each directly or indirectly majority owned, controlled and/or managed by Messrs. Blumberg, Mulvihill and/or Zucker and/or their affiliates.
Mr. Zucker is the Chairman of our board of directors. The Advisor, the Dealer Manager and the Property Manager receive compensation in the form of fees and expense reimbursements for services relating to the Offering and for the investment and
management of the Company s assets. The following summarizes these fees and expense reimbursements:      Sales Commissions.   Sales
commissions are payable to the Dealer Manager, all of which may be reallowed to participating unaffiliated broker dealers, and are equal to up to 7.0% and 2.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of Class A and Class T shares, respectively, in
the primary offering. The Company will not pay sales commissions on Class W shares.     Dealer Manager Fees.   Dealer manager fees are payable to
the Dealer Manager, all or a portion of which may be reallowed to unaffiliated participating broker dealers, and are equal to up to 2.5% and 2.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of Class A and Class T shares, respectively, in the primary
offering. The Company will not pay dealer manager fees on Class W shares.      Distribution Fees.   Distribution fees are payable to the Dealer
Manager with respect to Class T and Class W shares only. The distribution fees accrue daily, are payable monthly in arrears and will be paid on a continuous basis from year to year. The distribution fees are calculated on outstanding Class T shares
and Class W shares issued in the primary offering in an amount equal to 1.0% per annum and 0.60% per annum, respectively, of (i) the current gross offering price per Class T share or Class W share, respectively, or (ii) if the
Company is no longer offering shares in a public offering, the estimated per share value of Class T shares or Class W shares of our common stock, respectively. If the Company reports an estimated per share value prior to the termination of the
Offering, the distribution fee will continue to be calculated as a percentage of the current gross offering price per Class T share or Class W share, as applicable. Following the termination of the Offering, the distribution fee will continue to be
calculated as a percentage of the gross offering price in effect immediately prior to the termination of the Offering until the Company reports an estimated per share value following the termination of the Offering. Once the Company reports an
estimated per share value following the termination of the Offering, the distribution fee will be calculated based on the new estimated per share value. In the event the current gross  
      10  

offering price changes during the Offering or an estimated per share value reported after termination of the Offering changes, the distribution fee will change immediately with respect to all
outstanding Class T shares or Class W shares issued in the primary offering, and will be calculated based on the new gross offering price or the new estimated per share value, without regard to the actual price at which a particular Class T share or
Class W share was issued.    The quarterly distributions paid with respect to all outstanding Class T shares and Class W shares, including Class T shares
and Class W shares issued pursuant to the Company s distribution reinvestment plan, will be reduced by the monthly distribution fees calculated with respect to such Class T shares and Class W shares issued in the primary offering and all shares
of a particular class will receive the same per share distribution. The Company does not pay distribution fees with respect to the sale of shares under its distribution reinvestment plan or shares issued as stock dividends, although the amount of
distribution fees payable with respect to Class T shares sold in its primary offering will be allocated among all Class T shares, including those sold under its distribution reinvestment plan and those issued as stock dividends, if any. Similarly,
the amount of distribution fees payable with respect to Class W shares sold in the Company s primary offering will be allocated among all Class W shares, including those sold under its distribution reinvestment plan and those issued as stock
dividends, if any.    The Company will cease paying distribution fees with respect to each Class T share and Class W share held in any particular account on
the earliest to occur of the following: (i) a listing of shares of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange; (ii) such Class T share or Class W shares, respectively, no longer being outstanding; (iii) the
Dealer Manager s determination that total underwriting compensation from all sources, including dealer manager fees, sales commissions, distribution fees and any other underwriting compensation paid to participating broker dealers with respect
to all Class A shares, Class T shares and Class W shares would be in excess of 10% of the gross proceeds of the primary portion of the Offering; or (iv) the end of the month in which the transfer agent, on behalf of the Company, determines
that total underwriting compensation, including dealer manager fees, sales commissions, and distribution fees with respect to the Class T shares or Class W shares, respectively, held by a stockholder within his or her particular account would be in
excess of 10% of the total gross investment amount at the time of purchase of the respective primary Class T shares or Class W shares held in such account. The Company cannot predict if or when this will occur. All Class T shares and/or Class W
shares will automatically convert into Class A shares upon a listing of shares of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange. With respect to item (iv) above, all of the Class T shares and/or all of the Class W
shares held in a stockholder s account will automatically convert into Class A shares as of the last calendar day of the month in which the 10% limit on a particular account was reached with respect to the shares of such class in the
particular account. Following the conversion of their Class T shares and/or Class W shares into Class A shares, those stockholders continuing to participate in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan will receive Class A shares
going forward at the then-current distribution reinvestment plan price per Class A share, which may be higher than the distribution reinvestment plan price that they were previously paying per Class T share and/or Class W share, respectively.
   All or a portion of the distribution fees may be reallowed or advanced by the Dealer Manager to unaffiliated participating broker dealers or broker
dealers servicing accounts of investors who own Class T shares and/or Class W shares, referred to as servicing broker dealers.      Acquisition
Fees.   Acquisition fees are payable to the Advisor in connection with the acquisition of real property, and will vary depending on whether the Advisor provides development services or development oversight services, each as described below,
in connection with the acquisition (including, but not limited to, forward commitment acquisitions) or stabilization (including, but not limited to, development and value-add transactions) of such real property, or both. The Company refers to such
properties for which the Advisor provides development services or development oversight services as development real properties. For each real property acquired for which the Advisor does not provide development services or development oversight
services, the acquisition fee is an amount equal to 2.0% of the total purchase price of the properties acquired (or the  
      11  

Company s proportional interest therein), including, in all instances, real property held in joint ventures or co-ownership arrangements. In connection with providing services related to the
development, construction, improvement or stabilization, including tenant improvements, of development real properties, which the Company refers to collectively as development services, or overseeing the provision of these services by third parties
on the Company s behalf, which the Company refers to as development oversight services, the acquisition fee, which the Company refers to as the development acquisition fee, will equal up to 4.0% of total project cost, including debt, whether
borrowed or assumed (or the Company s proportional interest therein with respect to real properties held in joint ventures or co-ownership arrangements). If the Advisor engages a third party to provide development services directly to the
Company, the third party will be compensated directly by the Company and the Advisor will receive the development acquisition fee if it provides the development oversight services. With respect to an acquisition of an interest in a real
estate-related entity, the acquisition fee will equal (i) 2.0% of the Company s proportionate share of the purchase price of the property owned by any real estate-related entity in which the Company acquires a majority economic interest or
that the Company consolidates for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) 2.0% of the purchase price in connection with the acquisition of any interest in any other real estate-related entity. In addition, the Advisor is
entitled to receive an acquisition fee of 1.0% of the purchase price or origination amount, including any third-party expenses related to such investment, in connection with the acquisition or origination of any type of real property-related debt
investment or other investment related to or which represents a direct or indirect interest in real property mortgages or other real property-related debt.  
   Asset Management Fees.   Asset management fees consist of (i) a monthly fee of one-twelfth of 0.80% of the aggregate cost (including debt,
whether borrowed or assumed, and before non-cash reserves and depreciation) of each real property asset within the Company s portfolio (or the Company s proportional interest therein with respect to real property held in joint ventures,
co-ownership arrangements or real estate-related entities in which the Company owns a majority economic interest or that the Company consolidates for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP), provided, that the monthly asset management
fee with respect to each real property asset located outside the U.S. that the Company owns, directly or indirectly, will be one-twelfth of 1.20% of the aggregate cost (including debt, whether borrowed or assumed, and before non-cash reserves and
depreciation) of such real property asset; (ii) a monthly fee of one-twelfth of 0.80% of the aggregate cost or investment (before non-cash reserves and depreciation, as applicable) of any interest in any other real estate-related entity or any
type of debt investment or other investment; and (iii) with respect to a disposition, a fee equal to 2.5% of the total consideration paid in connection with the disposition, calculated in accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement. The
term  disposition  includes: (i) a sale of one or more assets; (ii) a sale of one or more assets effectuated either directly or indirectly through the sale of any entity owning such assets, including, without limitation, the
Company or the Operating Partnership; (iii) a sale, merger, or other transaction in which the stockholders either receive, or have the option to receive, cash, securities redeemable for cash, and/or securities of a publicly traded company; or
(iv) a listing of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange or the receipt by the Company s stockholders of securities that are listed on a national securities exchange in exchange for the Company s common
stock.      Property Management and Leasing Fees.   Property management fees may be paid to the Property Manager or its affiliates in an amount
equal to a market-based percentage of the annual gross revenues of the applicable property. For each property managed by the Property Manager or its affiliates and owned by the Company, the fee is expected to range from 2.0% to 5.0% of the annual
gross revenues. The Company may also pay the Property Manager or its affiliates a separate fee for initially leasing-up its properties, for leasing vacant space in the Company s real properties and for renewing or extending current leases on
the Company s real properties. Such initial leasing fee will be in an amount that is usual and customary for comparable services rendered to similar assets in the geographic market of the asset (generally expected to range from 2.0% to 8.0% of
the projected first year s annual gross revenues under the lease).      Organization and Offering Expenses.   The Company expects to
reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates for cumulative organization expenses and for cumulative expenses of its public offerings. Pursuant to the Advisory  
      12  

Agreement, the Company has capped the amount that it will reimburse the Advisor and its affiliates for the Company s cumulative organization expenses and the expenses of its public offerings
at 2.0% of aggregate gross offering proceeds from the sale of shares in its public offerings, including from shares issued pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan. Although the reimbursement is subject to this 2.0% cap, the Company currently
estimates that the maximum reimbursement to be paid to the Advisor and its affiliates for such organization and offering expenses will be equal to approximately 1.5% of gross offering proceeds from its current public offering.  
 The Advisor or an affiliate of the Advisor is responsible for the payment of the Company s cumulative organization expenses and offering expenses to the
extent that such cumulative expenses exceed the 2.0% organization and offering expense reimbursement for the Company s public offerings. Organization and offering expenses are accrued by the Company only to the extent that the Company is
successful in raising gross offering proceeds from its public offering. If the Company is not successful in raising offering proceeds, no additional amounts will be payable by the Company to the Advisor for reimbursement of cumulative organization
and offering expenses. Organization costs are expensed in the period they become reimbursable and offering costs are recorded as a reduction of gross offering proceeds in additional paid-in capital.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Advisor had incurred $2,469,441 of offering costs and $117,864 of organization costs, all of which were paid directly by
the Advisor on behalf of the Company. Upon meeting the minimum offering requirements and breaking escrow, the Company currently estimates that it will reimburse the Advisor for offering and organization costs equal to approximately 1.5% of the
aggregate gross offering proceeds. In the event that the minimum offering is not successful, the Company will have no obligation to reimburse the Advisor for these organization and offering costs.  
   Other Expense Reimbursements.   In addition to the reimbursement of organization and offering expenses, the Company is also obligated, subject to
certain limitations, to reimburse the Advisor for all of the costs it incurs in connection with the services it provides to the Company, including, without limitation, personnel (and related employment) costs and overhead (including, but not limited
to, allocated rent paid to both third parties and an affiliate of the Advisor, equipment, utilities, insurance, travel and entertainment, and other costs) incurred by the Advisor or its affiliates, including, but not limited to, total compensation,
benefits and other overhead of all employees involved in the performance of such services, provided that the Advisor will not be reimbursed for costs of personnel to the extent that such personnel perform services for which the Advisor receives a
separate fee. The Advisor may utilize its employees to provide such services and in certain instances those employees may include the Company s executive officers.  
  Transactions with Affiliates     In November 2014, the
Company sold 20,000 shares of Class A common stock to the Advisor at a price of $10.00 per share. Additionally, the Operating Partnership issued 20,000 OP Units to the Company in exchange for $200,000. The Operating Partnership also issued 100
Special Units to the Sponsor for consideration of $1,000. These units are classified as noncontrolling interests. See  Note 5  for additional information.  
 See  Note 7  for a description of the expense support agreement entered into between the Company, the Operating Partnership and the Advisor
subsequent to September 30, 2016.     5. NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS   
  Special Units     In November 2014, the Operating Partnership
issued 100 Special Units to the parent of the Advisor for consideration of $1,000. The holder of the Special Units does not participate in the profits and losses of the Operating Partnership. Amounts distributable to the holder of the Special Units
will depend on operations and the amount of net sales proceeds received from asset dispositions or upon other events. In general, after holders of  
      13  

OP Units, in aggregate, have received cumulative distributions equal to their capital contributions plus a 6.0% cumulative, non-compounded annual pre-tax return on their net contributions, the
holder of the Special Units and the holder of OP units will receive 15% and 85%, respectively, of the net sales proceeds received by the Operating Partnership upon the disposition of the Operating Partnership s assets.  
 In addition, the Special Units will be redeemed by the Operating Partnership, upon the earliest to occur of the following events:  

(1) 
 A  Liquidity Event  or        

(2) 
 The occurrence of certain events that result in the termination or non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement between the Advisor, the Company, and the Operating Partnership.    
 A Liquidity Event is defined as: (i) a listing of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange; (ii) a sale, merger or other
transaction in which the Company s stockholders either receive, or have the option to receive, cash, securities redeemable for cash, and/or securities of a publicly traded company; or (iii) the sale of all or substantially all of the
Company s assets where the Company s stockholders either receive, or have the option to receive, cash or other consideration.    The Company has
determined that the Special Units are: (i) not redeemable at a fixed or determinable amount on a fixed or determinable date, at the option of the holder, or (ii) redeemable only upon events that are solely within the Company s
control. As a result, the Company classifies the Special Units as noncontrolling interests within permanent equity.     6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
    The Company and the Operating Partnership are not presently involved in any material litigation nor, to the Company s knowledge, is any material
litigation threatened against the Company.     7. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   
  Cash Distributions and Stock Dividends     The board of
directors authorized daily cash distributions to all common stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day commencing on the date that the minimum offering requirements are met in connection with the Offering and ending on the last
day of the quarter in which the minimum offering requirements are met (the  Initial Quarter ). The distributions for the Initial Quarter were authorized at a quarterly rate of (i) $0.1295 per Class A share of common stock and
(ii) $0.1295 per Class T share and per Class W share of common stock less the respective annual distribution fees that are payable monthly with respect to such Class T shares and Class W shares (calculated on a daily basis). Cash distributions
for the Initial Quarter will be paid in cash or reinvested in shares of the Company s common stock for those electing to participate in the distribution reinvestment plan on a date determined by the Company that is no later than March 31,
2017. In addition, subject to the minimum offering requirements being satisfied on or before December 31, 2016 (and therefore the Initial Quarter ending on December 31, 2016), the board of directors has authorized daily cash distributions
to all common stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day of the first quarter of 2017 at the respective quarterly rates per Class A share, Class T share and Class W share of common stock at which the board of directors has
authorized cash distributions for the Initial Quarter. Any such cash distributions payable for the first quarter of 2017 shall be aggregated and paid on a date determined by the Company. There can be no assurances that the current cash distribution
rate will be maintained.    Distributions will be calculated based on the number of days each stockholder has been a stockholder of record. For stockholders
participating in the distribution reinvestment plan, distributions attributable to the class of shares they own will be reinvested into additional shares of the same class of common stock. Some or all of the distributions may be paid from sources
other than cash flows from operating activities, such as cash flows from  
      14  

financing activities, which could include borrowings and net proceeds from primary shares sold in the Offering, proceeds from the issuance of shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment
plan, cash resulting from a waiver or deferral of fees otherwise payable to the Advisor or its affiliates, cash resulting from the Advisor or its affiliates paying certain of the Company s expenses, proceeds from the sales of assets, and the
Company s cash balances. The Company has not established a cap on the amount of its distributions that may be paid from any of these sources.    In
addition to the cash distributions described above, the board of directors has authorized special daily stock dividends to all common stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day for the first, second and third quarters of 2017 in
an amount equal to $0.0000410959 of a share of common stock on each outstanding share of common stock. The special stock dividends attributable to a particular class of shares of the Company s common stock will be issued as additional shares of
the same class of common stock. The special stock dividends will be issued and recorded in the Company s stockholder records on or about the first business day of the calendar month immediately following the last day of the applicable calendar
quarter.     Expense Support Agreement     On
October 27, 2016, the Company entered into an Expense Support Agreement (the  Expense Support Agreement ) with the Operating Partnership and the Advisor. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, effective for each quarter between
October 1, 2016 and ending September 30, 2019, the Advisor has agreed to defer payment of all or a portion of the asset management fees otherwise payable to it pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, if Company-defined funds from operations,
as disclosed in the Company s quarterly and annual reports ( CDFFO ), for a particular quarter is less than the aggregate gross cash distributions declared for such quarter, assuming all such cash distributions had been declared at
the quarterly distribution rate for Class A shares authorized by the board of directors for such quarter ( Baseline Distributions ). The amount of the asset management fees that will be deferred for a particular quarter, if any, will
equal the lesser of (i) the difference between CDFFO and Baseline Distributions for such quarter and (ii) the entire asset management fees payable to the Advisor pursuant to the Advisory Agreement for such quarter.  
 In addition, if in a given calendar quarter, the Company s CDFFO is less than Baseline Distributions for such quarter, and the deferred asset management
fee is not sufficient to satisfy the shortfall for such quarter (a  Deficiency ), the Advisor will be required to fund certain expenses of the Company or the Operating Partnership in an amount equal to such Deficiency.  
 In no event will the aggregate of the deferred asset management fees and the Deficiency support payments exceed $30.0 million (the  Maximum
Amount ).    Subject to certain conditions, the Advisor is entitled to reimbursement from the Company for any asset management fees that are deferred
and any expense support payments that the Advisor makes pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement; provided, that, the Company will not be obligated to reimburse the Advisor for any amount not reimbursed by the Company to the Advisor within three
years after the quarter in which such reimbursable amount originated. For any quarter in which CDFFO exceeds Baseline Distributions for that quarter, the Expense Support Agreement requires that the Company reimburse the Advisor in an amount equal to
the lesser of (i) the difference between CDFFO and Baseline Distributions and (ii) the sum of all outstanding reimbursable amounts. The Company s obligation to reimburse the Advisor will be non-interest bearing.  
 During the term of the Expense Support Agreement, the Company may be able to use cash flow from operations to pay distributions to its stockholders that would
otherwise be used to pay asset management fees or expenses. Although the Expense Support Agreement has an effective term through September 30, 2019, the Expense Support Agreement may be terminated prior thereto without cause or penalty by a
majority of the Company s independent directors upon 30 days  prior written notice to the Advisor. In addition, the Advisor s obligations under the Expense Support Agreement will immediately terminate upon the earlier to occur of
(i) the termination  
      15  

or non-renewal of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, (ii) the delivery by the Company of notice to the Advisor of the Company s intention to terminate or not renew the
Advisory Agreement, (iii) the Company s completion of a liquidity event or (iv) the time the Advisor has deferred, waived or paid the Maximum Amount. Except with respect to the early termination events described above, any obligation
of the Advisor to make payments under the Expense Support Agreement with respect to the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2019 will remain operative and in full force and effect through the end of such quarter.  
 When the Expense Support Agreement terminates, the Advisor will not have an obligation to defer fees or support expenses in order to support the
Company s cash distributions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts deferred or reimbursed pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration and remain subject to the reimbursement terms described above
without modification or acceleration.  
      16  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS       References
to the terms  we,   our,  or  us  refer to Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis should be read together with our unaudited consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.     CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS     This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes certain statements that may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Such forward-looking statements relate to, without
limitation, our ability to successfully complete the Offering, our ability to deploy effectively and timely the net proceeds of the Offering, the expected use of proceeds from the Offering, our reliance on the Advisor and the Sponsor, our
understanding of our competition and our ability to compete effectively, our financing needs, our expected leverage, the effects of our current strategies, rent and occupancy growth, general conditions in the geographic area where we will operate,
our future debt and financial position, our future capital expenditures, future distributions and acquisitions (including the amount and nature thereof), other developments and trends of the real estate industry and the expansion and growth of our
operations. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of the words  may,   will,   should,   expect,   could,   intend,   plan,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   believe,   continue,   project,  or the negative of these words or other comparable terminology. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and involve certain risks, uncertainties
and assumptions that are difficult to predict.    The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon our current expectations, plans, estimates,
assumptions, and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions, and future business decisions,
all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results
and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to:  

Our ability to raise capital in the Offering and effectively deploy the proceeds in accordance with our investment strategy and objectives;    

The failure of properties to perform as we expect;        

Risks associated with acquisitions, dispositions and development of properties;        

Our failure to successfully integrate acquired properties and operations;        

Unexpected delays or increased costs associated with any development projects;        

The availability of cash flows from operating activities for distributions and capital expenditures;        

Defaults on or non-renewal of leases by customers, lease renewals at lower than expected rent, or failure to lease properties at all or on favorable rents and terms;    

Difficulties in economic conditions generally and the real estate, debt, and securities markets specifically;        

Legislative or regulatory changes, including changes to the laws governing the taxation of REITs;        

Our failure to obtain, renew, or extend necessary financing or access the debt or equity markets;        

Conflicts of interest arising out of our relationships with the Sponsor, the Advisor, and their affiliates;    
      17  

Risks associated with using debt to fund our business activities, including re-financing and interest rate risks;        

Increases in interest rates, operating costs, or greater than expected capital expenditures;        

Changes to GAAP; and        

Our ability to qualify as a REIT.      Any of the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements could prove to
be inaccurate. Our stockholders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
and the risk that actual results will differ materially from the expectations expressed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will increase with the passage of time. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we undertake
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances, or any other reason. In light of
the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, the risks described under  Risk Factors,  the inclusion of such forward-looking
statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the objectives and plans set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will be achieved.  
   OVERVIEW       General   
 Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. is a Maryland corporation formed on August 12, 2014 to make investments in income-producing real estate assets
consisting primarily of high-quality distribution warehouses and other industrial properties that are leased to creditworthy corporate customers. We intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, commencing with the taxable year in which we satisfy the minimum offering requirements for our public offering, which is currently expected to be the year ending December 31, 2016. We utilize an UPREIT organizational structure to hold
all or substantially all of our assets through the Operating Partnership.    On February 18, 2016, the SEC declared our registration statement in
connection with our initial public offering of up to $2,000,000,000 in shares of common stock (the  Offering ) effective. Pursuant to our initial registration statement prior to the amendment described below, we had been offering for sale
up to $1,500,000,000 in shares of common stock at a price of $10.00 per Class A share and $9.4149 per Class T share, and up to $500,000,000 in shares under our distribution reinvestment plan at a price of $9.50 per Class A share and
$9.4149 per Class T share.    On July 1, 2016, we filed a post-effective amendment to its registration statement that reclassified our common stock
offered pursuant to its registration statement into Class A shares, Class T shares, and Class W shares. The SEC declared the post-effective amendment effective on August 8, 2016. Pursuant to our registration statement as amended, we are
offering for sale up to $1,500,000,000 in shares of common stock at a price of $10.00 per Class A share, $9.4180 per Class T share and $9.0355 per Class W share, and up to $500,000,000 in shares under our distribution reinvestment plan at a
price of $9.0355 per share. The per share amount of distributions on Class T shares and Class W shares will be lower than the per share amount of distributions on Class A shares because of the distribution fees payable with respect to Class T
shares and Class W shares sold in the primary offering. Our shares of common stock consist of Class A shares, Class T shares and Class W shares, all of which are collectively referred to herein as shares of common stock. As of
September 30, 2016, we had not sold any shares of our common stock in our initial public offering. See  Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements  for information concerning our initial public offering.  
 As of the date of the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have not entered into any arrangements to acquire any specific real property or to make
any debt or other investments. We intend to use the net proceeds  
      18  

from the Offering primarily to make investments in real estate assets. We may use the net proceeds from the Offering to make other real estate-related investments and debt investments and to pay
distributions. The number and type of properties we may acquire and debt and other investments we may make will depend upon real estate market conditions, the amount of proceeds we raise in the Offering, and other circumstances existing at the time
we make our investments.    Our primary investment objectives include the following:  

Preserving and protecting our stockholders  capital contributions;        

Providing current income to our stockholders in the form of regular cash distributions; and        

Realizing capital appreciation upon the potential sale of our assets or other liquidity events.      There is no
assurance that we will attain our investment objectives. Our charter places numerous limitations on us with respect to the manner in which we may invest our funds. In most cases these limitations cannot be changed unless our charter is amended,
which may require the approval of our stockholders.    We may acquire assets free and clear of mortgage or other indebtedness by paying the entire purchase
price in cash or equity securities, or a combination thereof, and we may selectively encumber all or only certain assets with debt. The proceeds from our borrowings may be used to fund investments, make capital expenditures, pay distributions, and
for general corporate purposes.     Industrial Real Estate Outlook   
 The U.S. industrial property sector continues to benefit from: (i) positive overall growth in U.S. gross domestic product ( GDP ) during each of
the past six years; (ii) increased domestic consumer spending, including significant growth in online retailing (or e-commerce); (iii) underlying growth trends in both population and employment growth; (iv) strong positive net
absorption (the net change in total occupied industrial space) and rent growth in our target markets; and (v) an evolving supply chain network resulting from e-commerce, omni-channel retailing and same-day delivery strategies. Overall, U.S.
economic activity has been expanding at a moderate pace based on certain market indicators such that the Federal Reserve raised its key interest rate in December 2015 for the first time since 2006.  
 These positive fundamentals in the U.S. economy occurred against the backdrop of significant events in the global economy that could continue to have a
dampening impact over the next several quarters. China s economic growth slowed considerably in 2015 and into 2016, causing a decrease in Chinese demand for imports which, in turn, negatively affected the economies of many countries around the
world whose trade with China accounts for a meaningful portion of their respective GDP. Additionally, the European economy has struggled to gain sustained momentum, causing policy makers to lower interest rates and increase quantitative easing in an
effort to increase historically low inflation rates. Finally, the prices of oil, gas and certain commodities declined significantly in 2015 and have remained low into 2016, negatively impacting both oil and commodity-based economies, as well as
industries focused on those sectors. All of these factors have contributed to a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most global currencies, effectively increasing the price of U.S. goods, and in turn, negatively impacting global demand for U.S.
goods and services.    On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom ( UK ) passed a referendum to leave the European Union ( EU ). If
carried through, the process for implementing the UK s withdrawal from the EU is expected to take two years or longer, and to result in significant political and economic uncertainty, while the UK government and the European Council negotiate
the withdrawal agreement covering the terms of the UK s exit and its future relationship with the EU. See  Risk Factors  in Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-200594)
( Post-Effective Amendment No. 1) filed with the SEC on July 1, 2016 for further discussion relating to risk factors arising from international instability.  
      19  

Despite global uncertainties, U.S. industrial real estate continues to be a primary investment segment for both
domestic and foreign sources of capital. The continued modest growth of the U.S. economy has led to improving real estate fundamentals. Both U.S. GDP and consumer spending indicators remain positive and we believe will continue growing over the next
several quarters. This is a positive indicator for the segment as there is a high correlation between these statistics and industrial warehouse demand. Further, forecasted growth in both employment and population levels is expected to drive consumer
spending growth over the longer-term, leading to increased utilization of distribution warehouses.    Growth in export/import levels should continue to
generate increased demand for industrial space in key U.S. logistics markets resulting in positive net absorption and, combined with relatively low levels of new supply, provides prospects for continued rent growth for the foreseeable future.
However, certain sectors and markets may be disproportionately impacted by the strengthening dollar and continued weakness in the oil and gas sector. For example, the strengthening U.S. dollar could increase import volume yet decrease domestic
manufacturing production, both of which could influence the fundamentals and valuation of industrial real estate. In addition, continued volatility in the oil, gas and certain commodities markets could affect markets that have a high percentage of
employment tied to those industries, such as Houston, Texas.    Technological advancements, shifting consumer preferences, and the resultant supply-chain
innovations have supported the growth of e-commerce. The dollar volume of retail goods purchased online continues to grow significantly, averaging a 14.7% annual increase compounded over the past five years, and comprises an increasing proportion of
total retail sales. As online sales grow and more retailers adapt to changing consumer preferences and technologies, the need for highly-functional warehouse space near major cities is expected to increase.  
 Lending terms for direct commercial real estate loans and unsecured REIT financings have continued to improve; however, this trend may not continue, which
could affect our ability to finance future operations and acquisition and development activities. We have managed, and expect to continue to manage, our financing strategy under the current mortgage lending and corporate financing environment by
considering various lending sources, which may include long-term fixed rate mortgage loans, unsecured or secured lines of credit or term loans, private placement or public bond issuances, and assuming existing loans in connection with certain
property acquisitions, or any combination of the foregoing.      RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
 As of September 30, 2016, we were in our organizational and development stage and had not commenced property operations. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, our results of operations consisted solely of general and administrative expenses incurred related to compensation to our independent directors. We had no results of operations for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015.      LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES    
 Our primary sources of capital for meeting our cash requirements during our acquisition phase will be net proceeds from the Offering, including proceeds from
the sale of shares offered through our distribution reinvestment plan, debt financings, and cash generated from operating activities. Our principal uses of funds will be for the acquisition of properties and other investments, capital expenditures,
operating expenses, payments under our debt obligations, and distributions to our stockholders. Over time, we intend to fund a majority of our cash needs for items other than asset acquisitions, including the repayment of debt and capital
expenditures, from operating cash flows and refinancings. There may be a delay between the deployment of proceeds raised from the Offering and our purchase of assets, which could result in a delay in the benefits to our stockholders, if any, of
returns generated from our investment operations.   The Advisor, subject to the oversight of our board of directors and, under certain circumstances, the
investment committee or other committees established by our board of directors, will evaluate potential acquisitions and will  
      20  

engage in negotiations with sellers and lenders on our behalf. Pending investment in property, debt, or other investments, we may decide to temporarily invest any unused proceeds from the
Offering in certain investments that are expected to yield lower returns than those earned on real estate assets. These lower returns may affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Potential future sources of capital include
proceeds from secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, proceeds from the sale of assets, and undistributed funds from operations.    We
believe that our cash on-hand, anticipated net offering proceeds and anticipated financing activities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future.  
   OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS      As of
September 30, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect, on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures, or capital resources.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES    
 Our unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and in conjunction with the rules and regulations of the SEC. The
preparation of our unaudited consolidated financial statements requires significant management judgments, assumptions, and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially
different amounts could be reported in our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses.
As of September 30, 2016, we have no critical accounting estimates.      SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    
  Cash Distributions and Stock Dividends     Our board of
directors authorized daily cash distributions to all common stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day commencing on the date that the minimum offering requirements are met in connection with the Offering and ending on the last
day of the quarter in which the minimum offering requirements are met (the  Initial Quarter ). The distributions for the Initial Quarter were authorized at a quarterly rate of (i) $0.1295 per Class A share of common stock and
(ii) $0.1295 per Class T share and per Class W share of common stock less the respective annual distribution fees that are payable monthly with respect to such Class T shares and Class W shares (calculated on a daily basis). Cash distributions
for the Initial Quarter will be paid in cash or reinvested in shares of our common stock for those electing to participate in our distribution reinvestment plan on a date determined by us that is no later than March 31, 2017. In addition,
subject to the minimum offering requirements being satisfied on or before December 31, 2016 (and therefore the Initial Quarter ending on December 31, 2016), the board of directors has authorized daily cash distributions to all common
stockholders of record as of the close of business on each day of the first quarter of 2017 at the respective quarterly rates per Class A share, Class T share and Class W share of common stock at which the board of directors has authorized cash
distributions for the Initial Quarter. Any such cash distributions payable for the first quarter of 2017 shall be aggregated and paid on a date determined by us. There can be no assurances that the current cash distribution rate will be maintained.
   Distributions will be calculated based on the number of days each stockholder has been a stockholder of record. For stockholders participating in the
distribution reinvestment plan, distributions attributable to the class of shares they own will be reinvested into additional shares of the same class of common stock. Some or all of the distributions may be paid from sources other than cash flows
from operating activities, such as cash flows from financing activities, which could include borrowings and net proceeds from primary shares sold in the Offering,  
      21  

proceeds from the issuance of shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, cash resulting from a waiver or deferral of fees otherwise payable to the Advisor or its affiliates, cash
resulting from the Advisor or its affiliates paying certain of our expenses, proceeds from the sales of assets, and our cash balances. We have not established a cap on the amount of our distributions that may be paid from any of these sources.  
 In addition to the cash distributions described above, our board of directors has authorized special daily stock dividends to all common stockholders of
record as of the close of business on each day for the first, second and third quarters of 2017 in an amount equal to $0.0000410959 of a share of common stock on each outstanding share of common stock. The special stock dividends attributable to a
particular class of shares of our common stock will be issued as additional shares of the same class of common stock. The special stock dividends will be issued and recorded in our stockholder records on or about the first business day of the
calendar month immediately following the last day of the applicable calendar quarter.     Expense Support Agreement   
 On October 27, 2016, we entered into an expense support agreement (the  Expense Support Agreement ) with the Operating Partnership and the
Advisor. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, effective for each quarter between October 1, 2016 and ending September 30, 2019, the Advisor has agreed to defer payment of all or a portion of the asset management fee otherwise payable
to it pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, if Company-defined funds from operations, as disclosed in our quarterly and annual reports ( CDFFO ), for a particular quarter is less than the aggregate gross cash distributions declared for such
quarter, assuming all such cash distributions had been declared at the quarterly distribution rate for Class A shares authorized by our board of directors for such quarter ( Baseline Distributions ). The amount of the asset management
fees that will be deferred for a particular quarter, if any, will equal the lesser of (i) the difference between CDFFO and Baseline Distributions for such quarter and (ii) the entire asset management fees payable to the Advisor pursuant to
the Advisory Agreement for such quarter.    In addition, if in a given calendar quarter, CDFFO is less than the Baseline Distributions for such quarter, and
the deferred asset management fee is not sufficient to satisfy the shortfall for such quarter (a  Deficiency ), the Advisor will be required to fund certain expenses of ours or the Operating Partnership in an amount equal to such
Deficiency.    In no event will the aggregate of the deferred asset management fees and the Deficiency support payments, exceed $30.0 million (the
 Maximum Amount ).    Subject to certain conditions, the Advisor is entitled to reimbursement from us for any asset management fees that are
deferred and any expense support payments that the Advisor makes pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement; provided, that, we will not be obligated to reimburse the Advisor for any amount not reimbursed by us to the Advisor within three years after
the quarter in which such reimbursable amount originated. For any quarter in which CDFFO exceeds Baseline Distributions for that quarter, the Expense Support Agreement requires that we reimburse the Advisor in an amount equal to the lesser of
(i) the difference between CDFFO and Baseline Distributions and (ii) the sum of all outstanding reimbursable amounts. Our obligation to reimburse the Advisor will be non-interest bearing.  
 During the term of the Expense Support Agreement, we may be able to use cash flow from operations to pay distributions to our stockholders that would
otherwise be used to pay asset management fees or expenses. Although the Expense Support Agreement has an effective term through September 30, 2019, the Expense Support Agreement may be terminated prior thereto without cause or penalty by a
majority of our independent directors upon 30 days  prior written notice to the Advisor. In addition, the Advisor s obligations under the Expense Support Agreement will immediately terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) the
termination or non-renewal of the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, (ii) our delivery of notice to the Advisor of our intention to terminate or not renew the Advisory Agreement, (iii) our completion of a liquidity event or
(iv) the  
      22  

time the Advisor has deferred, waived or paid the Maximum Amount. Except with respect to the early termination events described above, any obligation of the Advisor to make payments under the
Expense Support Agreement with respect to the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2019 will remain operative and in full force and effect through the end of such quarter.  
 When the Expense Support Agreement terminates, the Advisor will not have an obligation to defer fees or support expenses in order to support our cash
distributions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts deferred or reimbursed pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration and remain subject to the reimbursement terms described above without modification or
acceleration.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       We may be exposed to the impact of interest
rate changes. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows, and optimize overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we plan to borrow on a fixed interest rate
basis for longer-term debt and utilize interest rate swap agreements on certain variable interest rate debt in order to limit the effects of changes in interest rates on our results of operations. As of September 30, 2016, we had no outstanding
debt.      

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 Under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective.     Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      23  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION       

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       In addition to the other information set forth in this report and the risk factor set
forth below, you should carefully consider the risks identified under  Risk Factors  in Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-200594) ( Post-Effective Amendment No. 1)
filed with the SEC on July 1, 2016, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time. The risks described in Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or operating results.  
  RISK RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK   
   We may have difficulty completely funding our distributions with funds provided by cash flows from operating activities; therefore, we may use cash flows
from financing activities, which may include borrowings and net proceeds from primary shares sold in this offering, proceeds from the issuance of shares under our distribution reinvestment plan, cash resulting from a waiver or deferral of fees by
the Advisor or from expense support provided by the Advisor, or other sources to fund distributions to our stockholders. The use of these sources to pay distributions and the ultimate repayment of any liabilities incurred could adversely impact our
ability to pay distributions in future periods, decrease the amount of cash we have available for operations and new investments and/or potentially impact the value or result in dilution of your investment by creating future liabilities, reducing
the return on your investment or otherwise.      Until the proceeds from this offering are fully invested, and from time to time
thereafter, we may not generate sufficient cash flows from operating activities, as determined on a GAAP basis, to fully fund distributions to you. Therefore, particularly in the earlier part of this offering, we expect to fund distributions to our
stockholders with cash flows from financing activities, which may include borrowings and net proceeds from primary shares sold in this offering, proceeds from the issuance of shares under our distribution reinvestment plan, cash resulting from a
waiver or deferral of fees or expense reimbursements otherwise payable to the Advisor or its affiliates, cash resulting from the Advisor or its affiliates paying certain of our expenses, proceeds from the sales of assets, or from our cash balances.
Our charter does not prohibit our use of such sources to fund distributions and there is no limit on the amount of time that we may use such sources to fund distributions. We may be required to fund distributions from a combination of some of these
sources if our investments fail to perform as anticipated, if expenses are greater than expected or as a result of numerous other factors. We have not established a cap on the amount of our distributions that may be paid from any of these sources.
Using certain of these sources may result in a liability to us, which would require a future repayment. For the term of, and pursuant to, the Expense Support Agreement, we expect to rely on cash resulting from the deferral of asset management fees
and/or expense support from the Advisor to help fund our cash distributions in excess of our Company-defined funds from operations, or ( CDFFO ). The Expense Support Agreement has an effective term through September 30, 2019, but may
be terminated prior thereto without cause or penalty by a majority of our independent directors upon 30 days  written notice to the Advisor. Upon the earlier of the termination or expiration of the Expense Support Agreement or upon reaching the
maximum support amount of $30.0 million as further described in the Expense Support Agreement, the Advisor will not be obligated to defer fees or otherwise support our distributions, which could adversely impact our ability to pay distributions. In
addition, the Advisor s obligations under the Expense Support Agreement will immediately terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) the termination or non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement, (ii) the delivery by us of notice to the
Advisor of our intention to terminate or not renew the Advisory Agreement, (iii) our completion of a liquidity event or (iv) the time the Advisor has deferred or paid the maximum support amount of $30.0 million. Except with respect to the
early termination events described above, any obligation of the Advisor to make payments under the Expense Support Agreement with respect to the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2019 will remain operative and in full force and effect
through the end of such quarter. To the extent the Expense Support Agreement is no longer available, we may need to borrow additional money under our debt financings to support distributions or we may determine to reduce distributions.  
      24  

Although we expect to rely on the Expense Support Agreement, during its term, for the payment of
any distributions in excess of our CDFFO, we likely will pay distributions in excess of our funds from operations, or  FFO.  The use of the sources described above for distributions and the ultimate repayment of any liabilities incurred,
as well as the payment of distributions in excess of our FFO, could adversely impact our ability to pay distributions in future periods, decrease the amount of cash we have available for operations and new investments and reduce your overall return
and adversely impact and dilute the value of your investment in shares of our common stock, which would be reflected when we establish an estimated per share value of each class of our common stock. To the extent distributions in excess of current
and accumulated earnings and profits (i) do not exceed a stockholder s adjusted basis in our stock, such distributions will not be taxable to a stockholder, but rather a stockholder s adjusted basis in our stock will be reduced; and
(ii) exceed a stockholder s adjusted tax basis in our stock, such distributions will be included in income as long-term capital gain if the stockholder has held its shares for more than one year and otherwise as short-term capital gain.
   In addition, the Advisor or its affiliates could choose to receive shares of our common stock or interests in the Operating Partnership
in lieu of cash or deferred fees or the repayment of advances to which they are entitled, and the issuance of such securities may dilute your investment in shares of our common stock.  

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS        Use of Proceeds   
 On February 18, 2016, our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-200594), pursuant to which we are making our initial public offering of
up to $2,000,000,000 in shares of common stock, was declared effective under the Securities Act, and the Offering commenced the same day. The Offering will end on February 18, 2018, unless extended by our board of directors for up to an
additional one and a half years, subject to applicable regulatory requirements. If we do not sell $2,000,000 in shares of common stock before February 18, 2017, then the Offering will terminate and any funds received will be returned.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had not sold any shares of our common stock in the Offering. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, we had not entered
into any arrangements to acquire any property or to make or invest in any loan, or to make any other permitted investments.     Share Redemption Program
    Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, our share redemption program may provide a limited opportunity for stockholders to have shares of our
common stock redeemed for cash. Shares of common stock must be held for a minimum of 18 months, subject to certain exceptions described below. We are not obligated to redeem shares of our common stock under the share redemption program.  
 Until our board of directors determines an estimated per share NAV, as disclosed from time to time in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q and/or our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC, the redemption price for each class of shares of our common stock shall be equal to the then-current  net investment value  of the shares. For each class of shares of our
common stock, this amount will equal the current offering price of the shares, less the associated sales commission, dealer manager fee and estimated organization and offering expense reimbursement. Initially, the  net investment value 
for each class of shares will be $8.90 per share, but this amount is subject to change. We will also disclose a per share estimated NAV no later than 150 days following the second anniversary of the date on which we break escrow in the Offering,
although we may determine to provide a per share estimated NAV earlier. After our board of directors determines an estimated per share NAV, the redemption price for each class of shares shall be equal to the most recently disclosed estimated per
share NAV. If the  net investment value  changes or our board of directors determines an estimated per share NAV, then we will provide stockholders 30 days  prior written notice of the change to the redemption price, which we will
provide by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the  
      25  

Commission. During the Offering, we will also include this information in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to the registration statement, as then required under the federal
securities laws. Therefore, a stockholder may not have the opportunity to have shares redeemed prior to the effective date of a change in the redemption price. In addition, if the redemption price changes between the date on which a redemption
request is submitted and the date on which shares are redeemed for that quarter, shares will be redeemed at the new redemption price, unless a redemption request is withdrawn by submitting a request in writing that is received by us at any time up
to three business days prior to the end of that quarter.    In the event that a stockholder seeks to redeem all of his or her shares of our common stock,
shares of our common stock purchased pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan or received from us as a stock dividend may be excluded from the foregoing 18-month holding period requirement, in the discretion of our board of directors. If a
stockholder has made more than one purchase of our common stock (other than through our distribution reinvestment plan), the 18-month holding period will be calculated separately with respect to each such purchase. For purposes of calculating the
18-month holding period, holders of Class T shares that are converted to Class A shares pursuant to the terms of our charter shall be deemed to have owned their Class A shares as of the date they were issued the applicable Class T shares
that were converted into such Class A shares. In addition, for purposes of the 18-month holding period, holders of OP Units who exchange their OP Units for shares of our common stock shall be deemed to have owned their shares as of the date
they were issued their OP Units. Neither the 18-month holding period nor the Redemption Caps (as defined in the share redemption program) will apply in the event of the death of a stockholder; provided, however, that any such redemption request with
respect to the death of a stockholder must be submitted to us within 18 months after the date of death, as further described in the share redemption program. Our board of directors reserves the right in its sole discretion at any time and from time
to time to (a) waive the 18-month holding period and either of the Redemption Caps (defined below) in the event of the disability (as such term is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code) of a stockholder, (b) reject
any request for redemption for any reason, or (c) reduce the number of shares of our common stock allowed to be redeemed under the share redemption program. A stockholder s request for redemption in reliance on any of the waivers that may
be granted in the event of the disability of the stockholder must be submitted within 18 months of the initial determination of the stockholder s disability, as further described in the share redemption program. Furthermore, any shares redeemed
in excess of the Quarterly Redemption Cap (defined below) as a result of the death or disability of a stockholder will be included in calculating the following quarter s redemption limitations. At any time we are engaged in a public offering,
the per share price of a class of shares of our common stock redeemed under our share redemption program will never be greater than the then-current offering price of shares of such class of common stock sold in the primary offering. If we are
engaged in a public offering and the redemption price calculated in accordance with the terms of the share redemption program would result in a price that is higher than the then-current public offering price of such class of common stock, then the
redemption price will be reduced and will be equal to the then-current public offering price of such class of common stock.    We presently intend to limit
the number of shares to be redeemed during any calendar quarter to the  Quarterly Redemption Cap  which will equal the lesser of: (i) one-quarter of five percent of the number of shares of common stock outstanding as of the date that
is 12 months prior to the end of the current quarter, and (ii) the aggregate number of shares sold pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan in the immediately preceding quarter, less the number of shares redeemed in the most recently
completed quarter in excess of such quarter s applicable redemption cap due to qualifying death or disability requests of a stockholder or stockholders during such quarter, which amount may be less than the Aggregate Redemption Cap described
below. Our board of directors retains the right, but is not obligated, to redeem additional shares if, in its sole discretion, it determines that it is in our best interest to do so, provided that we will not redeem during any consecutive 12-month
period more than five percent of the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the beginning of such 12-month period (referred to herein as the  Aggregate Redemption Cap  and together with the Quarterly Redemption Cap, the
 Redemption Caps ), unless permitted to do so by applicable regulatory authorities. Although we presently intend to redeem shares pursuant to the above-referenced methodology, to the extent that the aggregate proceeds received from the
sale of shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan in any quarter are not sufficient to  
      26  

fund redemption requests, our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, choose to use other sources of funds to redeem shares of our common stock, up to the Aggregate Redemption Cap. Such
sources of funds could include cash on hand, cash available from borrowings, cash from the sale of our shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan in other quarters, and cash from liquidations of securities investments, to the extent that
such funds are not otherwise dedicated to a particular use, such as working capital, cash distributions to stockholders, debt repayment, purchases of real property, debt related or other investments, or redemptions of OP Units. Our board of
directors has no obligation to use other sources to redeem shares of our common stock under any circumstances. Our board of directors may, but is not obligated to, increase the Aggregate Redemption Cap but may only do so in reliance on an applicable
no-action letter issued or other guidance provided by the SEC staff that would not object to such an increase. There can be no assurance that our board of directors will increase either of the Redemption Caps at any time, nor can there be assurance
that our board of directors will be able to obtain, if necessary, a no-action letter from SEC staff. In any event, the number of shares of our common stock that we may redeem will be limited by the funds available from purchases pursuant to our
distribution reinvestment plan, cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidations of securities or debt related investments as of the end of the applicable quarter.  
 Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, amend, suspend, or terminate the share redemption program at any time if it determines that the funds
available to fund the share redemption program are needed for other business or operational purposes or that amendment, suspension or termination of the share redemption program is in the best interests of our stockholders. In addition, our board of
directors, in its sole discretion, may determine at any time to modify the share redemption program to redeem shares at a price that is higher or lower than the price paid for the shares by the redeeming stockholder. Any such price modification may
be arbitrarily determined by our board of directors, or may be determined on a different basis. If our board of directors decides to materially amend, suspend or terminate the share redemption program, we will provide stockholders with no less than
30 days  prior written notice, which we will provide by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC. During the Offering, we will also include this information in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to the registration
statement, as then required under the federal securities laws. Therefore, you may not have the opportunity to make a redemption request prior to any potential suspension, amendment or termination of our share redemption program. You will have no
right to request redemption of your shares of our common stock if the shares of our common stock are listed on a national securities exchange.    Please see
the full text of the share redemption program, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for all of the terms and conditions of the program.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had not redeemed any shares of our common stock and had not received any eligible requests for redemption pursuant to our
share redemption program.      

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS       The exhibits required by this item are set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto.  
      27  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.      

INDUSTRIAL LOGISTICS REALTY TRUST INC.  

November 10, 2016 

By: 
   
 / S / D WIGHT  L. M ERRIMAN  III  

Dwight L. Merriman III   

Chief Executive Officer  
   (Principal Executive Officer)     

November 10, 2016 

By: 
   
 / S / T HOMAS  G. M CGONAGLE   

Thomas G. McGonagle   

Chief Financial Officer  
   (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)     
 
      28  

EXHIBIT INDEX   

EXHIBIT  
  NUMBER   
    
    DESCRIPTION    

3.1 
    
 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-200594) filed with the SEC on July 1, 2016
( Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 ).  

3.2 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1.  

4.1 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan, effective as of November 1, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2,
2016.  

4.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Share Redemption Program, effective as of July 1, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1.  

10.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of ILT Operating Partnership LP, dated as of July 1, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1.  

10.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2016, by and between ILT Operating Partnership LP and Dividend Capital Property Management LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Post Effective Amendment No.
1.  

10.3 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2016, by and among Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc., ILT Operating Partnership LP and ILT Advisors LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1, the
Company s current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2016.  

10.4 
    
 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan of Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc., effective July 1, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1.  

10.5 
    
 Amended and Restated Escrow Agreement dated as of July 1, 2016, by and among Dividend Capital Securities LLC, Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. and UMB Bank., N.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Post-Effective
Amendment No. 1.  

10.6 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. (formerly known as Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc.) and each of the following persons as of February 9, 2016: Evan H. Zucker,
Dwight L. Merriman III, Thomas G. McGonagle, Joshua J. Widoff, Marshall M. Burton, Charles B. Duke, Stanley A. Moore and John S. Hagestad. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1.  

31.1* 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2* 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1** 
    
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101 
    
 The following materials from Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed on November 10, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting
Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statement of Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

* 
 Filed herewith.    

** 
 Furnished herewith.    
      29  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d250880dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Dwight
L. Merriman III, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. (the  registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and
have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Intentionally omitted;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

November 10, 2016 

/s/ DWIGHT L. MERRIMAN III  

Dwight L. Merriman III   

Chief Executive Officer  
   (Principal Executive Officer)     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d250880dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Thomas
G. McGonagle, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. (the  registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and
have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Intentionally omitted;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

November 10, 2016 

/s/ THOMAS G. MCGONAGLE  

Thomas G. McGonagle  
  Chief Financial Officer  
   (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d250880dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
  Certification of Principal Executive Officer   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Dwight L. Merriman III, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

November 10, 2016 

/s/ DWIGHT L. MERRIMAN III  

Dwight L. Merriman III   

Chief Executive Officer  
   (Principal Executive Officer)     
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Industrial Logistics Realty Trust Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas G. McGonagle, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to my knowledge:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

November 10, 2016 

/s/ THOMAS G. MCGONAGLE  

Thomas G. McGonagle  
  Chief Financial Officer  
   (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)     

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ck0001625941-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ck0001625941-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ck0001625941-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ck0001625941-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ck0001625941-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ck0001625941-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

