<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_853496_0001193125-16-766029_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1411050</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101878</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>90205</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>360274</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>419087</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>308292</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-766029.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110170150
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-766029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INLAND LAND APPRECIATION FUND II LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000853496
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				363664407
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19220
		FILM NUMBER:		161988925

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 BUTTERFIELD RD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60521
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6302188000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 BUTTERFIELD ROAD
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-766029.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d273008d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q       

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM             TO    
     COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 0-19220      
  Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P.   
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      

Delaware 
   
 36-3664407  
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  
       2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook,
IL 60523    (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)  
 630-218-8000    (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)            
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
 Yes         No      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes            No      
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer      
    
 Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer  
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes        
No              
   
      -1-  

INLAND LAND APPRECIATION FUND II, L.P.  
 (a limited partnership)    Balance
Sheets    September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
 (unaudited)      
 
      See accompanying notes to
financial statements.    -2-  

INLAND LAND APPRECIATION FUND II, L.P.  
 (a limited partnership)  
 Statements of Operations    For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to
financial statements.    -3-  

INLAND LAND APPRECIATION FUND II, L.P.  
 (a limited partnership)  
 Statements of Cash Flows    For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    (unaudited)      
 
      See accompanying notes to
financial statements.    -4-  

INLAND LAND APPRECIATION FUND II, L.P.  
 (a limited partnership)    Notes to
Financial Statements    September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)    Readers of this quarterly report
should refer to the Partnership s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which are included in the Partnership s 2015 annual report, as certain footnote disclosures which would substantially duplicate
those contained in such audited financial statements have been omitted from this report.    (1) Organization and Basis of Accounting  
 The Registrant, Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P. (the  Partnership ), is a limited partnership formed on June 28, 1989, pursuant to the
Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, to invest in undeveloped land on an all-cash basis and realize appreciation of such land upon resale. Between October 25, 1989 and October 24, 1991, the Partnership sold 50,476.17 Limited Partnership
Units ( Units ) at $1,000 per Unit resulting in gross offering proceeds of $50,476,170, not including the General Partner s capital contribution of $500. The Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership (the  Partnership
Agreement ) provides for Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation to be the General Partner. Through September 30, 2016, the Partnership had repurchased a total of 408.65 Units for $383,822 from various Limited Partners through a unit
repurchase program.    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   In the opinion of management, the financial
statements contain all the adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position and results of operations for the periods presented herein. Results of interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the
year.    The Partnership considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents and are carried at
cost, which approximates market value. The Partnership maintains its cash and cash equivalents at a financial institution. The account balances at the financial institution exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC )
insurance coverage of $250,000 on accounts and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Partnership believes that the risk is not significant, and the Partnership
does not anticipate the financial institution s non-performance.    The Partnership recognizes income from the sale of land parcels in accordance with
the full accrual method of accounting.    The Partnership s escrow agent holds earnest money deposits from a prospective purchaser when an agreement
for sale is executed. Generally, these funds are not the Partnership s until the closing has occurred or the buyer under the sale agreement has committed a default which would entitle the Partnership to the earnest money.  
 The Partnership used the area method of allocation, whereby a per acre price was used as the standard allocation method for land purchases and sales. The
total cost of the parcel was divided by the total number of acres to arrive at a per acre price. The one remaining parcel has been written down to its estimated fair market value. Repairs and maintenance expenses are charged to operations as
incurred.    Recently Issued Accounting Guidance    In February
2016 the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-02 Leases, which requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet a right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the
underlying assets for the term, and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows
arising from leases. The standard requires the use of a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. The new guidance is effective for annual periods
 
      -5-  

INLAND LAND APPRECIATION FUND II, L.P.  
 (a limited partnership)    Notes to
Financial Statements    September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)      

beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods therein. Early application is permitted. The impact of the adoption of this new accounting standard on the Partnership s
financials statements is currently being evaluated.    In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-08, which includes amendments that change the requirements
for reporting discontinued operations and require additional disclosures about discontinued operations. Under the new guidance, only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations - that is, a major effect on the organization s
operations and financial results should be presented as discontinued operations. Examples include a disposal of a major geographic area, a major line of business, or a major equity method investment. Additionally, the ASU requires expanded
disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets, liabilities, income, and expenses of discontinued operations. The guidance is effective for transactions that occur in
annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014, and in interim periods within those years. The Partnership has adopted the new guidance and sales of parcels are no longer recorded as discontinued operations.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 that introduces a new five-step revenue recognition model in which an entity should recognize revenue to depict the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU also requires disclosures sufficient to enable users to
understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers, including qualitative and quantitative disclosures about contracts with customers, significant judgments and changes in
judgments, and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. This standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. The Partnership is currently
evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on its financial statements.    (2) Investment Property Held for Sale  
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the carrying value of the investment property held for sale, Parcel 8, was reduced to its fair value based on the
actual sale which occurred in April 2016 and resulted in a provision for loss on investment property held for sale of $320,937. On September 23, 2016, the Partnership entered into a Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement with a third party
purchaser to sell approximately 318 acres of the farm portion of Parcel 20 for a sales price of $2,200,000. This portion of Parcel 20 was classified as investment property held for sale at September 30, 2016. Provided the buyer performs pursuant to
the terms of the contract, the sale will result in estimated net sales proceeds after closing costs of $2,061,813. The Partnership presently intends to retain a portion of the net sales proceeds for Partnership operations and to distribute the
balance to Partners. The closing is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the investment property held for sale was reduced to its fair value of $2,061,813 resulting in a provision for loss
on investment property held for sale of $265,000. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the provision for loss on investment property held for sale totaled $585,937 in regards to Parcel 8 and the farm portion of Parcel 20. See Note 4 for a
discussion regarding the valuation of the remaining portion of Parcel 20.    (3) Transactions with Affiliates  
 The General Partner and its affiliates are entitled to reimbursement for salaries and expenses of employees of the General Partner and its affiliates relating
to the administration of the Partnership. Such costs of $67,836 and $42,702 have been incurred and are included in professional services to affiliates and general and administrative expenses to affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. There are $8,158 and $7,260 in unpaid professional services to affiliates and general and administrative expenses to affiliates as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 An affiliate of the General Partner performed land improvements, rezoning, annexation and other activities to prepare the Partnership s investment
properties for sale and was reimbursed (as set forth under terms of the Partnership Agreement)  
      -6-  

INLAND LAND APPRECIATION FUND II, L.P.  
 (a limited partnership)    Notes to
Financial Statements    September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)      

for salaries and direct costs. Such costs of $1,289 and $2,656 have been incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Such costs are included in investment
properties, of which $0 and $380 was unpaid as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Also, an affiliate of the General Partner supervises the maintenance of the parcels. Such costs of $3,020 and $1,144 are included in land
operating expenses to affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which $1,680 and $0 was unpaid as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership held all cash and cash equivalents with Inland Bank and Trust, an affiliate of the General Partner.  
 (4) Investment Properties    As of September 30, 2016, the
Partnership owned one parcel of land consisting of approximately 362 acres. On April 15, 2016, the Partnership sold the remaining acreage of Parcel 8, resulting in net sales proceeds of $1,614,552. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
there were no land sales.     

(a) 
 The Partnership has taken the steps necessary to reduce costs and maintain sufficient reserves of cash and cash equivalents to cover all costs for an extended period of time. During April 2016, a farm lease was signed
for the tillable portion of Parcel 20. It is expected that the rental income from this lease will cover the real estate taxes and insurance expense for 2016. There were farm leases in place during 2015 which generated sufficient income to cover the
costs of insurance expense and real estate taxes. Our general partner has agreed to make a supplemental capital contribution to the Partnership if and to the extent that real estate taxes and insurance payable with respect to our land during a given
year exceed the revenue earned by us from leasing our land during such year. Any supplemental capital contribution will be repaid only after limited partners have received, over the life of our Partnership, a return of their original capital plus
the 15% cumulative return. Our remaining land is not encumbered by debt and is located in an area that we believe is in the path of future development. As such, the Partnership has the ability to hold on to the remaining parcel until such time as a
reasonable and acceptable offer is received; however, management has formally changed its intent from holding the remaining parcel for an indefinite period of time to attempting to sell the parcel in the next year, if possible.    
 In addition, on a quarterly basis, the Partnership reviews impairment indicators and if necessary, conducts an impairment analysis to ensure
that the carrying value of the investment property does not exceed its estimated fair value. If this were to occur, the Partnership would be required to record an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair
value.    In determining the value of an investment property and whether the property is impaired, management considers several indicators
which require difficult, complex and/or subjective judgments, such as projected sales prices, capital expenditures, assessment of current economic conditions, and management s intent to hold on to a property until such time as reasonable and
acceptable offers are received. The aforementioned indicators are considered by management in determining the value of any particular property. The value of any particular property is sensitive to the actual results of any of these uncertain
indicators, either individually or taken as a whole. Should the actual results differ from management s judgment, the valuation could be negatively or positively affected.  
 The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on
management s continuous process of analyzing each property. During the first quarter of 2016, management formally changed its intent from holding the remaining parcels for an indefinite period of time to attempting to sell the parcels in the
next year, if possible. Management deemed the change in intent as a trigger for impairment. In addition, as a result of the sale of Parcel 8 on April 15, 2016, the Partnership has only one remaining land parcel. Based on offers and the
knowledge of the real estate market gathered for the auction of Parcel 20,  
      -7-  

INLAND LAND APPRECIATION FUND II, L.P.  
 (a limited partnership)    Notes to
Financial Statements    September 30, 2016  
 (unaudited)      

management determined the value of the parcel was impaired. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership recorded an impairment of $2,680,000 and $0, respectively on
Parcel 20, which reduced the remaining book value to the estimated fair value. Subsequent costs incurred above the estimated fair value for the parcel that may be deemed to be impaired will be expensed and included in land operating expenses.  

(b) 
 Reconciliation of investment properties owned:        
   Level 3 inputs were used in the determination of fair value for purposes of calculating the impairment loss associated with
investment property owned.    (5) Rental Income    The
Partnership has determined that all leases relating to the farm parcels are operating leases. Accordingly, rental income is reported when earned.   As of
September 30, 2016, there was one farm lease in place which expires on December 31, 2016 for approximately 258 of the approximately 362 acres owned. The farm rent is paid in two installments. The first installment has been collected and the second
installment is pending receipt at September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2015, the Partnership had farm leases of generally one year in duration for approximately 426 acres of the approximately 544 acres then owned. These leases expired on
December 31, 2015.    (6) Subsequent Events    The Partnership
evaluates subsequent events occurring between the most recent balance sheet date and the date that the financial statements are available to be issued in order to determine whether the subsequent events are to be recorded in and/or disclosed in the
Partnership s financial statements and footnotes. The financial statements are considered to be available to be issued at the time that they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There are no subsequent events to report
that would have a material impact on the Partnership s financial statements.  
      -8-  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 Certain statements in this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere in this
quarterly report on Form 10-Q constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These factors include, among
other things, adverse changes in real estate, financing and general economic or local conditions; the ability to obtain annexation and zoning approvals required to develop our properties; the approval of local governing bodies to develop our
properties; successful lobbying of local  no growth  or limited development homeowner groups; eminent domain proceedings; changes in the environmental conditions or changes in the environmental positions of governmental bodies; and
potential conflicts of interest between us and our affiliates, including our general partner.    We electronically file our annual report on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The public may read and copy any of the reports that are filed with the SEC at the SEC s Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (800)-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site at (www.sec.gov) that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically.    Critical Accounting Policies  
 The SEC previously issued Financial Reporting Release (FRR) or FRR No. 60  Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting
Policies.  A critical accounting policy is one that would materially affect our operations or financial condition, and requires management to make estimates or judgments in certain circumstances. We believe that our most critical accounting
policies relate to how we value, classify and allocate costs of our investment properties and revenue recognition. These judgments often result from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The purpose of
the FRR is to provide investors with an understanding of how management forms these policies. Critical accounting policies discussed in this section are not to be confused with accounting principles and methods disclosed in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. GAAP requires information in financial statements about accounting principles, methods used and disclosures pertaining to significant estimates. The following
disclosure discusses judgments known to management pertaining to trends, events or uncertainties known which were taken into consideration upon the application of those policies and the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported
upon taking into consideration different conditions and assumptions.     Valuation of Investment Properties  On a quarterly basis, we review
impairment indicators and if necessary, conduct an impairment analysis to ensure that the carrying value of the investment property does not exceed its estimated fair value. If an investment property is considered impaired, we would be required to
record an impairment loss equal to the excess of carrying value over the estimated fair value.    In determining the value of an investment property and
whether the property is impaired, management considers several indicators which require difficult, complex and/or subjective judgments, such as projected sales prices, capital expenditures, assessment of current economic conditions and
management s intent to hold the remaining parcels until such time as reasonable and acceptable offers are received. These indicators are considered by management in determining the value of any particular property. The value of any particular
property is sensitive to the actual results of any of these uncertain indicators, either individually or taken as a whole. Should the actual results differ from management s judgment, the valuation could be negatively or positively affected.
   The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on management s
continuous process of analyzing each property. During the first quarter of 2016, management formally changed its intent from holding the remaining parcels for an indefinite period of time to attempting to sell the parcels in the next year, if
possible. Management deemed the change in intent as a trigger for impairment. In addition, as a result of the sale of Parcel 8 on April 15, 2016, the Partnership has only one remaining land parcel. Based on offers and the knowledge of the real
estate market gathered for the auction of Parcel 20, management determined the value of the parcel was impaired. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership recorded an impairment of $2,680,000 and $0, respectively on
Parcel 20, which reduced the remaining book value to the estimated fair  
      -9-  

value. Subsequent costs incurred above the estimated fair value for the parcel that may be deemed to be impaired will be expensed and included in land operating expenses.  
 All other assets and liabilities are valued at cost, which approximates fair value.  
 The Partnership follows Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, which establishes a fair value hierarchy that
requires the Partnership to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instruments categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes the following three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:  
 Level 1   Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
 Level 2   Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices in active markets for
similar assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of
assets or liabilities.    Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to
the fair value of the assets and liabilities.     Cost Allocation    We used the area method of cost allocation, whereby a per acre price was used
as the standard allocation method for land purchases and sales. The total cost of the parcel was divided by the total number of acres to arrive at a per acre price. The one remaining parcel has been written down to its estimated fair market value.
    Revenue Recognition  We recognize income from the sale of land parcels in accordance with the full accrual method of accounting. Rental
revenue is recognized as earned.     Assets Held for Sale  - In determining whether to classify an asset as held for sale, we consider whether:
(i) management has committed to a plan to sell the asset; (ii) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition; (iii) we have initiated a program to locate a buyer; (iv) we believe that the sale of the asset is probable; (v) the
due diligence period per the sales agreement has expired and a closing date has been set; (vi) we are actively marketing the asset for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current value; and (vii) actions required for us to complete
the plan indicate that it is unlikely that any significant changes will be made to the plan.    If all of the above criteria are met, we classify the asset
as held for sale. The assets and liabilities associated with those assets that are held for sale are classified separately on the balance sheets for the most recent reporting period. During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the carrying value of the
investment property held for sale, Parcel 8, was reduced to its fair value based on the actual sale which occurred in April 2016 and resulted in a provision for loss on investment property held for sale of $320,937. As of September 30, 2016, we have
classified $2,061,813 for the farm portion of Parcel 20, as investment property held for sale. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the investment property held for sale, the farm portion of Parcel 20, was reduced to
its fair value based on a projected net sales proceeds for the sale scheduled to close in the fourth quarter of 2016 and resulted in an additional provision for loss on investment property held for sale of $265,000, resulting in $585,937 provision
for loss on investment property held for sale for the nine months ending September 30, 2016. For the year ended December 31, 2015, there was no investment property classified as assets held for sale.  
 From time to time, we may determine that a  held for sale property  no longer meets the criteria to continue to be classified as held for sale. If
this occurs, we record the property at the lower of the carrying amount before the property was classified as held for sale or the fair value at the decision date not to sell.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources    Between October 25, 1989 and
October 24, 1991, we sold 50,476.17 limited partnership units to the public at $1,000 per unit resulting in $50,476,170 in gross offering proceeds, not including the general partner s capital contribution of $500.  
      -10-  

We used $41,314,301 of gross offering proceeds to purchase, on an all-cash basis, twenty-seven parcels of
undeveloped land and two buildings. These investments include the payment of the purchase price, acquisition fees and acquisition costs of such properties. Three of the parcels were purchased during 1990, sixteen during 1991, four during 1992, and
four during 1993. On September 16, 2002, we completed a tax-deferred exchange of Parcels 9 and 12 for 50 acres in Kendall County (Parcel 28). Through September 30, 2016, we had multiple sales, exchange transactions, and conveyances through which we
disposed of the buildings and approximately 4,168 acres of the approximately 4,530 acres originally owned. As of September 30, 2016, cumulative distributions have totaled $98,030,845 to the limited partners, which is equivalent to 195% of the
original capital raised which was $50,476,170, and $13,713,195 to the general partner. Of the $98,030,845 distributed to the limited partners, $97,309,845 was net sales proceeds and $721,000 was from operations. As of September 30, 2016, we have
used $47,504,983 of working capital for rezoning and other activities. Such amounts have been capitalized and are included in investment properties.    Our
capital needs and resources will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the extent to which we conduct rezoning and other activities relating to utility access, the installation of roads, subdivision and/or annexation of land to a
municipality, changes in real estate taxes affecting our land, and the amount of revenue received from leasing. As of September 30, 2016, there was one farm lease in place which expires on December 31, 2016 for approximately 258 of the approximately
362 acres owned. Our general partner has agreed to make a supplemental capital contribution to the Partnership, if and to the extent that real estate taxes and insurance payable with respect to our land during a given year exceed the revenue earned
by us from leasing our land during such year.    On April 15, 2016, we sold the remaining acreage of Parcel 8, resulting in net sales proceeds of
$1,614,552. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, there were no land sales.   At September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of
$2,012,069. The remaining cash balance is available to be used for our costs and liabilities and other activities with respect to our remaining land parcel. On June 17, 2016 the Partnership made a distribution to the limited partners of
$1,600,000 less the $46,811 Illinois non-resident withholding repayment for a total distribution of $1,553,189.    The Partnership listed portions of Parcel
20 for sale utilizing a real estate sealed bid auction platform in an effort to procure a buyer or buyers interested in purchasing property zoned for multifamily, retail and/or agricultural farm land. The Partnership opted to utilize the sealed
bid auction format which gives the Partnership the ability to accept or reject offers from prospective buyers. The auction call for offers did not yield any offers.  
 On September 23, 2016, the Partnership entered into a Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement with a third party purchaser to sell approximately 318 acres of
the farm portion of Parcel 20 for a sales price of $2,200,000. This portion of Parcel 20 was classified as investment property held for sale at September 30, 2016. Provided the buyer performs pursuant to the terms of the contract, the sale will
result in estimated net sales proceeds after closing costs of $2,061,813. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the investment property held for sale was reduced to its fair value of $2,061,813 resulting in a provision for loss on
investment property held for sale of $265,000. The Partnership presently intends to retain a portion of the net sales proceeds for Partnership operations and to distribute the balance to Partners. The closing is expected to occur in the fourth
quarter of 2016.    We continue to closely monitor the real estate market trends, especially within the area where our remaining parcel is located. We have
seen modest improvements in the residential real estate market including the completion of stalled residential communities with national homebuilders. There have been farm parcel sales in surrounding communities from both speculators looking to hold
land until the market fully rebounds as well as farmers looking to increase their farming businesses. We believe we have taken the steps necessary to reduce costs and maintain sufficient reserves of cash and cash equivalents to cover all our costs
for an extended period of time as we continue to market the remaining parcel for sale. Our remaining parcel is not encumbered by debt and is located in an area that we believe is in the path of future development. During the first quarter of
2016, management formally changed its intent from holding the remaining parcels for an indefinite period of time to attempting to sell the parcels in the next year, if possible.  
 Transactions with Related Parties    The General Partner and its
affiliates are entitled to reimbursement for salaries and expenses of employees of the General Partner and its affiliates relating to the administration of the Partnership. Such costs of $67,836 and $42,702 have been incurred and are included in
professional services to affiliates and general and administrative expenses to affiliates for the  
      -11-  

nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. There are $8,158 and $7,260 in unpaid professional services to affiliates and general and administrative expenses to affiliates
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.    An affiliate of the General Partner performed land improvements, rezoning, annexation and
other activities to prepare the Partnership s investment properties for sale and was reimbursed (as set forth under terms of the Partnership Agreement) for salaries and direct costs. Such costs of $1,289 and $2,656 have been incurred for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Such costs are included in investment properties, of which $0 and $380 was unpaid as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Also, an affiliate of the General Partner
supervises the maintenance of the parcels. Such costs of $3,020 and $1,144 are included in land operating expenses to affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of which $1,680 and $0 was unpaid as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.    As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership held all cash and cash equivalents with Inland Bank and Trust, an
affiliate of the General Partner.    Results of Operations    As
of September 30, 2016, we own, in part, one parcel, consisting of approximately 362 acres. As of September 30, 2016, there is one farm lease in place. It is expected that the rental income from this lease will cover the real estate taxes and
insurance expense for 2016. Rental income was $55,570 and $109,619 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The farm rent is paid in two installments. The first installment has been collected and the second
installment is currently pending receipt. Rental income for 2016 decreased due to the sale of Parcel 8.    Professional services to affiliates and
non-affiliates were $132,879 and $133,930 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Professional services to affiliates and non-affiliates include accounting and legal services. The decrease is due primarily to a decrease
in legal fees due to the lack of litigation costs in 2016, which is offset by an increase in accounting and tax fees.    General and administrative expenses
to affiliates and non-affiliates were $40,630 and $38,628 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. General and administrative expenses include data processing costs, postage, printing expenses, farm management fees
and investor services. The increase is due to the processing of the distribution in 2016, offset by not engaging a farm management service in 2016.    Land
operating expenses to affiliates and non-affiliates were $57,922 and $34,094 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These costs typically include real estate tax expense and insurance; however, the increase in 2016 is
due to the cost of a survey for Parcel 20, offset by lower real estate taxes due to the sale of Parcel 8.    Interest income was $4,381 and $4,169 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest income is primarily a result of cash available to invest on a short term basis during the year as a result of sales proceeds received.  
 Other income was $3,650 and $48,650 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in 2016 is due to a refund received in
2015 from the Village of Montgomery for various fees paid during the development of Parcel 3/27 which was sold in prior years. 
      -12-  

Investment Properties  
 We acquired fee ownership of the following real property investments. The following table summarizes the detail activity of all the parcels owned by the
Partnership from the purchase date through the nine months ended September 30, 2016.    Investment properties activity:  

-13-  

Investment properties activity (continued):  

-14-  

Investment properties activity (continued):  

-15-  

Investment properties activity (continued):  

-16-  

Subsequent Events    The Partnership evaluates subsequent events
occurring between the most recent balance sheet date and the date that the financial statements are available to be issued in order to determine whether the subsequent events are to be recorded in and/or disclosed in the Partnership s financial
statements and footnotes. The financial statements are considered to be available to be issued at the time that they are filed with the SEC. There are no subsequent events to report that would have a material impact on the Partnership s
financial statements.    Other Items    In accordance with
Article XVI Section 16.1 of the Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P. Partnership Agreement and Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(j), we have not reached the maximum threshold of limited partnership units that may be transferred/assigned
directly between parties during 2016. Therefore, we may authorize additional sales of partnership units directly between parties during 2016. For the benefit of interested limited partners, we have a relationship with a  qualified matching
service  as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(g). In accordance with this Treasury Regulation and the IRS private letter ruling obtained by the  qualified matching service , we understand that limited partnership
units may be transferred/assigned up to a separate maximum threshold each taxable year (in addition to the maximum threshold that may be transferred/assigned directly between parties discussed above). However, there can be no assurance that the IRS
private letter ruling will apply to transfers of our units, or that any particular transfer will not violate the transfer restrictions contained in our partnership agreement or the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(g). If you have
any interest in participating in a transfer/assignment of partnership units through this  qualified matching service,  please contact American Partnership Board directly at 800-736-9797. You are strongly encouraged to consult your personal
legal, financial and tax advisors in connection with any such transfer/assignment.    The Illinois Department of Revenue regulates Illinois income tax
withholding requirements for nonresident partners. We are also required to pay a withholding tax to the Internal Revenue Service with respect to a partner s allocable share of our taxable net income, if the partner is a foreign person. We will
first pay the withholding tax from the distributions to any nonresident and/or foreign partners, and to the extent that the tax exceeds the amount of distributions withheld, or if there have been no distributions to withhold, the excess will be
accounted for as a distribution to such nonresident and/or foreign partners. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no withholdings required.  
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Contractual Obligations, Liabilities and Contracts and Commitments  
 None    Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk    Not Applicable    Item 4. Controls
and Procedures    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to us is made known to the members of senior management
and the Audit Committee.  
      -17-  

Based on management s evaluation as of September 30, 2016, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in our
reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.  
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in
 Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in  Internal Control Integrated Framework (1992),  our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016. This quarterly report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting.    There were no changes to our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.    PART II   Other
Information    Items 1 through 5 are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required.  
 Item 6. Exhibits    Exhibits:  

10.1     
    
 Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement (re: Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P. Parcel 20), by and between Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P. and JG Properties dated September 23, 2016.  

31.1 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer  

31.2 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Principal Financial Officer  

32.1 
    
 Section 1350 Certification by Principal Executive Officer  

32.2 
    
 Section 1350 Certification by Principal Financial Officer  

101 
    
 The following financial information from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of
Operations, (iii) the Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) related notes.    
 
      -18-  

SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.       

INLAND LAND APPRECIATION FUND II, L.P.  

By:  
   
 Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation  
 
 Its:  
   
 General Partner  

By:  
   
 /S/ GUADALUPE GRIFFIN  

By:  
   
 Guadalupe Griffin  
 
 Its:  
   
 Senior Vice President and Principal Executive Officer of the Partnership  
 
 Date:  
   
 November 10, 2016  

By:  
   
 /S/ DONNA URBAIN  

By:  
   
 Donna Urbain  
 
 Its:  
   
 Principal Financial Officer of the Partnership  
 
 Date:  
   
 November 10, 2016  

-19-  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d273008dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
   REAL ESTATE PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT ( Agreement )    
  Phillips Farm Vacant Land      Montgomery,
Illinois       

1.  
    PARTIES: INLAND-PHILLIPS, L.L.C. , an Illinois limited liability company, as to Parcels 2, 3 and 4, and  INLAND
KENDALL, L.L.C. , an Illinois limited liability company, Parcel 1 ( Seller ) agrees to sell and convey to:           JG Properties or Designee  ,
a(n)                                         
       ( Purchaser ) and Purchaser agrees to buy from Seller the Property (as defined in Section 2 below) for the consideration and upon and subject to the terms, provisions, and conditions hereinafter set forth.

2.    
      PROPERTY:  The real estate per surveyed acre estimated at 317.86 acres, property identification
numbers attached  Exhibit A  as located within the Counties of Kane and Kendall, State of Illinois legally described on the Title Commitment to be provided; together with all improvements, and property attached thereto and made a part thereof
owned by the Seller located in, on, attached to, or used in connection with the Property; and all privileges and appurtenances pertaining thereto including any right, title and interest, if any, of Seller in and to adjacent streets, alleys, or
rights-of-way, Seller s interest in and to any, licenses, and permits with respect to the Property, improvements, fixtures, and property attached thereto and made a part thereof owned by the Seller located in, on, attached to, or used in
connection with the real estate; all privileges and appurtenances pertaining thereto including any right, title and interest, if any, of Seller in and to adjacent streets, alleys, or rights-of-way; Seller s interest in and to any, licenses, and
permits with respect to the Property; all of the above herein collectively called  Property .         

3.  
    PURCHASE PRICE          
 
 Payable in U.S. dollars by Purchaser as follows:      

B. 
    EARNEST MONEY  :  Within three (3) business days after mutual execution of this Agreement Purchaser shall
deposit with Broker a sum equal to Fifty thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($50,000.00) ( Earnest Money ) payable in the form of a cashier s check made payable to the order of Inland Real Estate Advisors, Inc. (sometimes hereinafter called
 Broker ), the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged.         

C. 
    BALANCE OF PURCHASE PRICE : The balance of the Purchase Price plus or minus prorations and closing adjustments, if
any, is due at the closing of this transaction ( Closing ) and must be paid by wire transfer to the bank account of the Title Company as designated by its closing escrow officer.     

D. 
    INSPECTION PERIOD:  Purchaser and its duly authorized representatives shall have until fourteen (14) days from the
Effective Date (the   Inspection Period  ) at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice to Seller, to conduct noninvasive inspections and studies, to make a physical inspection of the Property, to examine documents of record
encumbering the Property and conduct a phase one environmental audit and an architectural and engineering evaluation of the Property, all at Purchaser s sole expense. Seller shall provide the due diligence materials to Purchaser within five (5)
days of the execution of this Contract. No invasive inspection may be conducted without the Seller s express written consent,  not to be unreasonably withheld . Seller shall provide access to the Property at reasonable times, upon at least
24 hours oral or written notice from Purchaser. Purchaser shall save, indemnify,     

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 1   

defend and hold harmless Seller from the acts and/or omissions of Purchaser and its representatives, agents and contractors arising from such inspections, audit and evaluation except to the
extent caused by mere discovery by buyer of pre-existing conditions at the Property or by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Seller. The provisions of this Section G shall survive the termination of this Contract or Closing. If Purchaser
in its sole discretion elects not to proceed with its purchase of the Property for any reason or no reason at all, Purchaser shall, on or before the end of the Inspection Period, serve Seller with written notice of its election to terminate this
Contract (which notice is hereinafter referred to as   Termination Notice  ) and Closing Agent shall return the Earnest Money to Purchasers and thereafter this Contract shall terminate and be null and void and of no further force and
effect, and neither Purchasers nor Seller shall have any further rights, duties, liabilities or obligations to the other by reason hereof expect for those matters that specifically survive such termination. If Purchaser fails to send the Termination
Notice on or before the end of the Inspection Period, this Contract shall remain in full force and effect and Purchaser shall have no further right to obtain a refund of the Earnest Money pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph.

4.  
    TITLE INSURANCE: Seller will deliver to Purchaser a Preliminary Title Insurance Commitment
( Commitment ) issued by Chicago Title Insurance Company, the ( Title Company ), dated within 20 days of the Effective Date and identified as commitment number 1401-008979801 and subsequent to Closing, will deliver an
Owner s Policy of title Insurance ( Owner s Policy ) issued by the Title Company in the full amount of the Purchase Price, dated as of Closing, insuring Purchaser s fee simple title to the Property. Purchaser has reviewed
and accepted the Commitment, has obtained, reviewed and approved copies of all documents of record and the current Land Lease, hereinafter defined, and has reviewed and accepted the Survey, defined below and by execution of this Agreement hereby
waives any and all objections to any defects, encumbrances, liens, encroachments, easements and all other matters disclosed by either the Commitment or the Survey, with the exception of any mortgage liens and security interests of any mortgage
holder ( Financing Liens ) for which appropriate releases, payoffs, and/or termination statements will be delivered at Closings. All matters disclosed by the Commitment and the Survey, other than the Financing Liens, are herein referred to
as the  Permitted Exceptions . If the Title company is not able to issue or commit to issue the Owner s Policy at the closing because of a defect in, or encumbrance on, title to the Property which is not included in the Permitted
Exceptions, and Purchaser objects to such title defect or encumbrance, seller shall be entitled to delay the Closing for 10 Business Days, hereinafter defined, for purposes of attempting to clear such defect or encumbrance from title or procuring
title insurance over such defect or encumbrance; provided however, Seller shall be under no obligation to cure, release or insure over any such defects or encumbrances. In the event Seller does not cure or procure title insurance over same within
the time provided, this Agreement will thereupon terminate and all Earnest Money shall be returned to Purchaser, unless Purchaser waives any such defect or encumbrance and elects to proceed to Closing without adjustment or setoff.

5.    
      SURVEY:    Seller will provide an ALTA Survey of the Property prepared by  Spaceco  ,
Inc.  dated   December 22, 2015     identified as  Project No. 9012  ( Survey ). By execution of this Agreement, Purchaser hereby approves the Survey in its entirety and agrees to accept title to the Property
subject to all matters disclosed on the Survey as provided in Paragraph 4 hereof. Provided that the issuance thereof does not delay Closing or create any obligations or cost on the part of Seller, Purchaser, at its cost, may have the Survey
updated, certified to Purchaser and to Purchaser s lender or upgraded to current ALTA/NSPS survey standards or inclusive of additional Optional Table A items. Seller shall be under no obligation to cure, release or insure over any defects or
encumbrances raised by such updated survey or additional Table A items.         

6.  
    CLOSING:  The Closing of the sale shall be accomplished by means of a  New York  style closing and
take place at the offices of the Title Company, Nancy Castro, BP/Escrow Manager,     

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 2   

#10 S. LaSalle Street, Suite 3100, Chicago, Illinois 60603 thirty (30) days after the Effective Date ( Closing Date ), unless Seller and Purchaser change such date in writing. A
bifurcated closing shall be allowed with the Buyer closing in the Aurora CTT office, but all funds shall flow through the Chicago Office of the Title Company.     

A. 
   At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Purchaser, at Seller s sole cost and expense, the following:

(1) 
   Duly executed and acknowledged Special Warranty Deed, conveying title in fee simple to all of the Property, free and
clear of any and all liens, encumbrances, conditions, easements, assessments, reservations and restrictions, except for Permitted Exceptions.         

(2) 
   The Survey;         

(3) 
   Internal Revenue Code Affidavit pursuant to Section 1445 stating that Seller is not a foreign entity within the meaning
of the Internal Revenue Code (FIRPTA);         

(4) 
   A Seller s  GAP  undertaking;     

(5) 
   A Preliminary Title Commitment at Closing and, subsequent to Closing, an Owner s Policy of Title Insurance (the
 Title Policy ) issued by the Title Company in the full amount of the Purchase Price, dated as of Closing, insuring Purchaser s fee simple title to the Property subject only to the Permitted Title Exceptions listed on  Exhibit
     C     ,  the standard printed exceptions and additional exceptions contained in the usual form of Owner s Title Policy (added title insurance fees for endorsements for zoning, location and any others
requested by the Purchaser of Purchaser s lender will be paid by Purchaser), Seller shall provide a PIN endorsement, contiguous endorsement and extended coverage (to be paid by Seller) ;     

(6) 
   State, county and local real estate transfer declarations, to the extent applicable (the  Transfer
Declarations          

(7) 
   A signed closing statement setting forth the Total Purchase Price and all debits and credits to Purchaser and Seller in
connection with this sale;         

(8) 
   All other documents customarily required to close this type of transaction as required by the Title Company;

(9) 
   Evidence of termination of the existing farm lease at the Property, such termination to take effect after the harvest of
the 2016 soybean crop.         

B. 
   At the Closing, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller, at Purchaser s sole cost and expense, the following:

(1) 
   The balance of the Purchase Price including prorations and adjustments, if any;     

(2) 
   If Purchaser is a corporation or a limited liability company, deliver to Seller:     

(a) 
   Certified resolutions of the board of directors, members or managers (as applicable) of Purchaser authorizing all the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement;         

(b) 
   An incumbency certificate with respect to those officers, members or managers (as applicable) of Purchaser executing any
documents or instruments in connection with the transactions contemplated herein;     

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 3   

(c) 
   Certificate of Good Standing for the entity acquiring title from the Secretary of State or other appropriate
governmental office of the State of Illinois;         

(d) 
   A copy of the bylaws or operating agreement (as applicable) certified as accurate and complete by the secretary, members
or manager (applicable) of Purchaser;         

(e) 
   If the entity acquiring title is a partnership, deliver to Seller a certified copy of the partnership agreement and all
appropriate resolutions, partnership consents and evidence of authority of said entity; and         

(3) 
   A signed counterpart of the closing statement;     

(4) 
   Signed counterparts of the Transfer Declarations;     

(5) 
   Execute such other and further documents necessary to close this transaction as required by the Title Company; and

(6) 
   A Purchaser s GAP undertaking, if required by the Title Company.     

7.  
    POSSESSION:  Possession of the Property shall be delivered to Purchaser at Closing.     

8.  
    SALES EXPENSES TO BE PAID IN CASH AT OR PRIOR TO CLOSING :     

A.   
    SELLER S EXPENSES:  All costs of releasing and recording any release of mortgage required by the terms of
this Agreement; one-half (  1   2 ) of any escrow fee (except any money lender s escrow fee, which shall be paid by Purchaser); state and county transfer
taxes; real estate brokerage fees pursuant to the written agreement between Inland Real Estate Advisors, Inc. and Seller; all costs of the Owner s Title Policy; Seller s attorneys  fees and other expenses stipulated to be paid by
Seller under the provisions of this Agreement.         

B. 
    PURCHASER     S EXPENSES:  All recording costs of the Purchaser s Mortgage, the Deed, and the
collateral documents; the full amount of any money lender s escrow fee; expense of ALTA Mortgage Title Policy; one-half (  1   2 ) of any escrow fee; all
municipal transfer taxes; the cost of any special endorsements (including extended coverage) or additional insurance required by the Purchaser or Purchaser s lender; Purchaser s real estate brokerage fee if not provided for in this
Agreement; and Purchaser s attorney s fee and expenses stipulated to be paid by Purchaser under other provisions of this Agreement.         

9.  
    PRORATIONS AND ADJUSTMENTS:  The following shall be prorated and adjusted between Seller and Purchaser as of the
time of Closing, except as otherwise expressly provided herein:         

A. 
   Real estate tax proration shall be based upon one hundred five percent (105%) the most recent ascertainable tax bill,
prorated as of 11:59 p.m. on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date;         

B. 
   Such other items that are customarily prorated in transactions of this nature shall be ratably prorated as of 11:59 p.m.
on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date.         

C. 
   All prorations shall be final.     

D. 
   All 2016 farm income shall be retained by Seller.     

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 4   

A. 
   Unless otherwise provided for herein, if Purchaser fails to comply with the terms and conditions hereof, Seller may
terminate this Agreement, in which event the Earnest Money, plus accrued interest, if any, shall be due and payable to Seller as its sole liquidated damages. Purchaser shall be liable for payment of the Earnest Money if not previously
paid. The parties agree that actual damages in the event of default are difficult to ascertain and further agree that the amount set forth as liquidated damages is a reasonable estimate of the damages to Seller in the event of Purchaser s
default. Such sum is intended to be liquidated damages, and not a penalty.       Purchaser and Seller hereby
agree that in the event Seller notifies Broker that Purchaser has breached this Agreement by reason of Purchaser s failure to timely deposit the Earnest Money or to timely close the transaction or for any other reason as set forth in this
Agreement and that Seller has thereby elected to declare Purchaser s Earnest Money forfeited, then Seller shall notify Purchaser in writing as to the same with a copy of such notice to Broker and Broker shall immediately disburse the Earnest
Money and any accrued interest less Broker s actual expenses described above to Seller.   Purchaser hereby agrees to indemnify, save harmless and defend Broker from and against any claims, demand, costs or damages (including
reasonable attorney s fees) arising from or out of or with respect to Broker s complying with such demand by Seller      

B. 
   If Seller defaults, Purchaser shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and receive a refund of the Earnest Money
which shall be Purchaser s sole and exclusive remedy. The parties agree that actual damages in the event of default are difficult to ascertain and further agree that the amount of the Earnest Money then on deposit with Broker is a reasonable
estimate of the damages to Purchaser in the event of Seller s default. Such sum is intended to be liquidated damages, and not a penalty. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that under no circumstances shall Seller be liable for Purchaser s
damages that are consequential, actual, punitive, speculative or otherwise.         

11.  
    EARNEST MONEY ESCROW:  Inland Real Estate Advisors, Inc. will act as Escrow Agent and will hold in a
non-interest bearing account on behalf of the parties any and all monies, including Earnest Money, received by it directly or through its agents, employees or its Attorneys until the Property is transferred to Purchaser or this Agreement is
terminated in accordance with its terms.         

12.  
    PERSONAL PROPERTY.  Seller shall remove from the Property prior to Closing all debris and Seller s personal
property not conveyed by bill of sale to Buyer, if any.         

13.  
    REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF SELLER:      

A. 
   Seller hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser, which representations and warranties shall be deemed made by Seller
to Purchaser also as of the Closing Date that:         

(1) 
   There are no parties rightfully in possession of any portion of the Property;     

(2) 
   Seller is duly authorized and empowered to sell the Property;     

(3) 
   All obligations of Seller arising from the ownership and operation of the Property which accrue prior to the Closing
Date, have been paid as they became due or will be paid at or prior to Closing. Except for obligations for which provisions are herein made for proration or other adjustments at Closing, there will be no obligations of Seller with respect to
the Property outstanding as of the Closing Date;         

(4) 
   Seller shall not enter into any new leases or service agreements unless that same is terminable without penalty by the
then owner of the Property upon not more than 30 days  notice or unless mutually agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser.     

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 5   

(5) 
   As of the Closing Date there will be no recorded or unrecorded land leases affecting the Property.
      Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, all of the representations, warranties and
certifications (the  Representations ) which are made by Seller and set forth herein or in any of the documents or instruments required to be delivered by Seller hereunder, shall be subject to the following conditions and
limitations: (i) there shall no liability on the part of Seller for breaches of Representations of which Purchaser had actual knowledge at Closing; and (ii) Purchaser shall not have the right to bring any lawsuit or other legal
action against Seller, nor pursue any other remedies against Seller, as a result of the breach of the Representation of which Purchaser had actual knowledge at the Closing, but Purchaser s sole right shall be to terminate this Agreement in
which event, the Earnest Money and all interest accrued thereon shall be returned to Purchaser.      

B. 
   From the effective date of this Agreement until the Closing Date or earlier termination of this Agreement, Seller
covenants to:         

(1) 
   to advise Purchaser promptly of any litigation, arbitration or administrative hearing before any governmental body or
agency of which Seller is notified, concerning or affecting the Property which is instituted after the date hereof; and         

(2) 
   to not take, or omit to take any action that would have the effect of violating any of the material representations,
warranties, covenants, and agreements of Seller contained in this Agreement;         

(3) 
   that this Agreement when executed and delivered by Purchaser and Seller will constitute the valid and binding agreement
of Seller enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms;         

(4) 
   that to Seller s current, actual knowledge, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the
consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby will violate or be in conflict with; (i) any applicable provisions of law; (ii) any order of any court or government agency having jurisdiction over the Seller; or (iii) any agreement or instrument
to which Seller is a party or which Seller is bound;         

(5) 
   that there are no actions, suits, claims or other proceedings pending or, to the best of Seller s knowledge,
contemplated or threatened against Seller that could affect Seller s ability to perform its obligations under this Contract.     
  14.  REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF PURCHASER:   
 A. Purchaser represents, warrants and covenants to Seller now and as of the Closing as follows:  

(1) 
   As further set forth below, Purchaser is purchasing the Property in its  AS IS, WHERE IS  and  WITH ALL
FAULTS  condition with no warranties by Seller as to merchantability, suitability or fitness for any particular use, it being understood and agreed that Purchaser is relying solely on its own inspections, engineering studies and reports,
economic and feasibility studies and examinations of the Property and Purchaser s own determination of the condition of the Property;         

(2) 
   Purchaser has all requisite power and authority to consummate the transaction contemplated by this Agreement and has by
proper proceedings duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby;     

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 6   

(3) 
   This Agreement when executed and delivered by Purchaser and Seller will constitute the valid and binding agreement of
Purchaser enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms;         

(4) 
   To Purchaser s current, actual knowledge, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor consummation of
the transaction contemplated hereby will violate or be in conflict with; (i) any applicable provisions of law; (ii) any order of any court or government agency having jurisdiction over the Purchaser; or (iii) any agreement or instrument to which
Purchaser is a party or which Purchaser is bound;         

(5) 
   There are no actions, suits, claims or other proceedings pending or, to the best of Purchaser s knowledge,
contemplated or threatened against Purchaser that could affect Purchaser s ability to perform its obligations under this contract;         

(6) 
   That if Purchaser or any agent or representative of Purchaser has entered upon or prior to Closing shall enter upon the
Property for inspection thereof, that he, she or it has done so or shall do so at their sole risk and shall indemnify, defend and hold Seller harmless from all risk of injury and loss and shall make any claim therefore solely against their personal
liability carrier and that no such claim shall be made against Seller, any and all such claims against Seller being barred and any and all subrogation rights of such liability carrier against Seller hereby being hereby waived;     

(7) 
   That Purchaser shall not conduct, contract for or authorize any agent or representative of Purchaser to conduct any
invasive testing or other procedures on or in the Property; and         

(8) 
   That Purchaser is a sophisticated and experienced purchaser of properties such as the Property and has been duly
represented by counsel in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and that Purchaser has sufficient funds available to consummate the Closing of the transaction described in this Agreement.     

15.  
    CONDEMNATION:  If, prior to the Closing Date, condemnation proceedings are commenced against any material portion
of the Property (except for road widening), Purchaser may, at its option, terminate this Agreement by written notice to Seller within ten (10) business days after Purchaser is advised of the commencement of such condemnation proceedings and the
Earnest Money shall be refunded to Purchaser, or if Purchaser fails to give said notice of termination, Purchaser shall have the right to proceed to consummate the purchase of the Property, in which event Purchaser may appear and defend any such
condemnation proceedings, and any award in condemnation shall become the Property of Purchaser and the Purchase Price shall not be reduced.         

16.  
      AS-IS DELIVERY:  Seller has not made and does not and is unwilling to make any representations or
warranties as to the physical or any other condition of the Property or to any matter affecting or related to the Seller or the Property whatsoever, express or implied, including but not limited to matters relating to zoning and environmental
compliance, and Purchaser agrees to purchase the Property on and     AS-IS, WHERE IS     and   WITH ALL FAULTS   basis as of the date of Closing.  IN PARTICULAR, SELLER HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY
WARRANTY, GUARANTY, OR REPRESENTATION, ORAL OR WRITTEN, PAST, PRESENT, OR FUTURE, OF, AS TO, OR CONCERNING (I) THE NATURE AND CONDITION OF THE PROPERTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WATER, SOIL AND GEOLOGY, AND THE SUITABILITY THEREOF, FOR ANY
AND ALL ACTIVITIES AND USES WHICH PURCHASER MAY ELECT TO CONDUCT THEREON, (II) THE NATURE AND EXTENT OF ANY RIGHT-OF-WAY, ENCUMBRANCE, RESERVATION, CONDITION OR OTHERWISE, (III) 

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 7   

THE COMPLIANCE OF THE PROPERTY OR THE OPERATION THEREOF WITH ANY LAWS, RULES, ORDINANCES, OR REGULATIONS OF ANY GOVERNMENT OR OTHER BODY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ZONING REGULATIONS AND
ORDINANCES, (IV) ANY AND ALL ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS WHICH MAY EXIST ON, UNDER OR ADJACENT TO THE PROPERTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE EXISTENCE OR NONEXISTENCE OF  HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES,   HAZARDOUS MATERIALS, 
 TOXIC SUBSTANCES,  OR  SOLID WASTE  AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE COMPREHENSIVE ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSE COMPENSATION AND LIABILITY ACT OF 1980M AS AMENDED BY SUPERFUND AMENDMENTS AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 1986, THE RESOURCE
CONSERVATION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 1976, AND THE HAZARDOUS MATERIALS TRANSPORTATION ACT, AND ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL STATUTE, ORDINANCE, CODE, RULE, REGULATION, ORDER OR DECREE REGULATING, RELATING TO OR IMPOSING LIABILITY OR STANDARDS OF
CONDUCT CONCERNING ANY HAZARDOUS, TOXIC OR DANGEROUS WASTE, SUBSTANCE, CHEMICAL OR MATERIAL NOW OR HEREAFTER IN EFFECT, AND IN THE REGULATIONS PROMULGATED PURSUANT TO SUCH LAWS, ALL AS AMENDED, AND (V) THE FINANCIAL EARNING CAPACITY, EXPENSE HISTORY
OR THE OPERATION OF THE PROPERTY. THE CONVEYANCE OF THE PROPERTY IS MADE ON AN  AS-IS/WHERE-IS/WITH ALL FAULTS  BASIS AND IN ITS PRESENT CONDITION. PURCHASER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES, IN CONSIDERATION OF THE AGREEMENTS OF SELLER HEREIN, THAT
SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW, INCLUDING, BUT IN NO WAY LIMITED OT, ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, HABITABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE PROPERTY.
PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES, WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS TO SELLER THAT NO REPRESENTATIONS HAVE BEEN MADE BY SELLER, ITS AGENTS, BROKERS, OR EMPLOYEES IN ORDER TO INDUCE PURCHASER TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OTHER
THAN AS MAY BE EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES, WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS TO SELLER THAT NEITHER SELLER NOR ANY OF SELLER S AGENTS, BROKERS OR EMPLOYEES HAVE MADE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS OR STATEMENTS TO PURCHASER CONCERNING THE PROPERTY S INVESTMENT POTENTIAL OR RESALE AT ANY FUTURE DATE, AT A PROFIT OR OTHERWISE, NOR HAS SELLER OR ANY OF SELLER S AGENTS, BROKERS, OR EMPLOYEES RENDERED ANY ADVICE OR
EXPRESSED ANY OPINION TO PURCHASER REGARDING ANY INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNERSHIP OF THE PROPERTY.          

SELLER DOES NOT AGREE, REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE PROPERTY WILL BE DELIVERED IN ANY PARTICULAR PHYSICAL CONDITION,
AND SPECIFICALLY DOES NOT AGREE THAT THE PROPERTY WILL BE DELIVERED AT CLOSING IN THE SAME CONDITION AS ON THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, NOR DOES SELLER AGREE TO REMOVE REFUSE FROM THE PROPERTY OR TO MAKE ANY REPAIRS OR IMPROVEMENTS TO THE PROPERTY.

PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PURCHASER HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONDUCT A DILIGENT INVESTIGATION OF THE PROPERTY WITH
REGARD TO ITS CONDITION, PERMITTED USE AND SUITABILITY FOR PURCHASER S INTENDED USE THEREOF, AS WELL AS TO ALL OTHER FACTORS DEEMED MATERIAL TO PURCHASER. PURCHASER IS NOT RELYING UPON ANY REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND OR NATURE MADE BY SELLER,
OR ANY OF SELLER S AGENTS, BROKERS OR EMPLOYEES WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPERTY, AND THAT, IN FACT, NO SUCH REPRESENTATIONS WERE MADE, EXCEPT AS MAY BE OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HERE.      

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 8   

PURCHASER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES ANY AND ALL REPORTS SUPPLIED OR MADE AVAILABLE BY SELLER, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, OR
IN THE FORM OF MAPS, SURVEYS, PLATS, SOIL REPORTS, ENGINEERING STUDIES, ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES, OR OTHER INSPECTION REPORTS PERTAINING TO THE PROPERTY ( REPORTS ) WERE OBTAINED FROM A VARIETY OF SOURCES AND THAT SELLER HAS NOT MADE ANY
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OR VERIFICATION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND AMES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THAT SUCH REPORTS WERE DELIVERED TO PURCHASER ON AN  AS-IS/WHERE-IS/WITH ALL
FAULTS  BASIS SOLELY AS A COURTESY TO PURCHASER AND THAT SELLER HAS NEITHER VERIFIED THE ACCURACY OF ANY STATEMENTS OR OTHER INFORMATION THEREIN CONTAINED, NOR ANY METHOD USED TO COMPILE THE REPORTS OR DETERMINED THE QUALIFICATIONS OF THE
PERSON(S) PREPARING THE REPORTS AND SELLER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW, AS TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE REPORTS.      

ANY FACTUAL INFORMATION SUCH AS PROPERTY DIMENSIONS, SQUARE FOOTAGE, OR SKETCHES SHOWN TO PURCHASER OR SET FORTH
HEREIN ARE OR MAY BE APPROXIMATE AND PURCHASER REPRESENTS TO SELLER THAT IT HAS INSPECTED AND VERIFIED SUCH FACTUAL INFORMATION PRIOR TO THE EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE SELLER, THE BROKER OR OTHER AGENTS OF SELLER ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR ANY
INACCURACIES, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS THEREIN CONTAINED.          

17.  
    BROKER S COMMISSION:  Seller shall cause to be paid a broker s commission to Inland Real Estate
Advisors, Inc. ( Broker ), CBRE, Inc. and Rooster AG Realty, Inc. upon and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the separate listing agreement between Seller and Broker. Seller and Purchaser agree that all
Brokers  commissions shall be paid simultaneously with, and as a condition precedent to, any disbursements made at Closing. This paragraph and disbursement instructions may not be amended or revoked without the prior written consent of
Broker. Each party hereto agrees to indemnify the other party and all those parties claiming through them from and against any claims by any other broker other than Inland Real Estate Advisors, Inc. with whom the indemnifying party may have
dealt.         

18.  
    AGENCY DISCLOSURE.  The listing broker, Inland Real Estate Advisors, Inc. and its sales agents ( Listing
Company ) represent Seller. The Listing Company owes duties of trust, loyalty and confidence to Seller only. While the Listing Company has a duty to treat Purchaser honestly, the Listing Company is Seller s auctioneer and is
acting on behalf of Seller and not Purchaser. Any cooperating broker will be recognized as a Purchaser s agent.  BY SIGNING BELOW, PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES PRIOR TIMELY NOTICE BY LISTING COMPANY THAT   LISTING COMPANY IS
SELLER S AUCTIONEER.          

19.  
    CONSULT YOUR ATTORNEY: THIS IS INTENDED TO BE A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT. READ IT CAREFULLY. NO
REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY SELLER, BROKER, THEIR AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES AS TO THE LEGAL SUFFICIENCY, LEGAL EFFECT, OR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTION RELATING THERETO. THESE ARE QUESTIONS FOR YOUR
ATTORNEY. CONSULT YOUR ATTORNEY BEFORE SIGNING. NEITHER THE SELLER NOR THE BROKER CAN GIVE YOU ANY LEGAL ADVICE.          

20.  
    INTENTIONALLY DELETED      

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 9   

22.  
    COOPERATION IN A TAX DEFERRED EXCHANGE:  Purchaser and Seller herein reserve the right to consummate this
transaction as part of a deferred exchange of like kind property as provided by Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, but in all events Seller shall receive cash at Closing. Both Purchaser and Seller agree to cooperate with each other in this
regard at or prior to Closing and execute necessary documents as appropriate provided that the non-exchanging party shall have no liability in connection with the execution of such exchange documents. Should there be any additional costs
associated with this deferred exchange they will be borne solely by the party effectuating the exchange. Seller reserves the right to have all documents relative to the exchange reviewed and approved by its attorney at Purchaser s sole
cost and expense which cost and expense shall be reasonable and customary. Purchaser hereby indemnifies and holds Seller harmless in connection with any matter concerning or arising out of such exchange or deferred exchange which
indemnification shall survive the Closing.         

23.  
    NO RECORDING:  Neither this Agreement nor any type of memorandum thereof shall be recorded with the office of the
Recorder of Deeds or with any other governmental agency, and any purported recordation or filing hereof by Purchaser shall be deemed invalid and shall constitute a default on the part of Purchaser.     

24.  
    ENTIRE AGREEMENT:  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties as to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior understandings and agreements. There are no representations, agreements arrangements or understandings oral or written between the parties, including the Broker, relating to the subject matter contained in this
Agreement that is not fully expressed or referred to herein.         

25.  
    SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS:  The provisions of this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of Purchaser and
Purchaser s heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns and shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Seller and Seller s heirs, legal representatives, its successors and assigns. Purchaser may not assign this
Agreement without prior written consent of Seller.         

26.  
    JOINT PURCHASERS:  The term  Purchaser  shall be read as  Purchasers  if more than one person
is the Purchaser of the Property, in which case their obligations shall be joint and several.         

27.  
    FURTHER ASSURANCES:  Either party shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the other party such instruments and
take such other actions, in addition to the instruments and actions specifically provided for herein at any time and from time to time after execution of this Agreement whether before or after the Closing, as such other party may reasonably request
in order to effectuate the provisions of this Agreement or the transaction contemplated herein or to confirm or perfect any right to be created or transferred hereunder or pursuant to this transaction, provided that neither party shall be required
to incur any material expense in connection therewith.         

28.  
    SEVERABILITY:  If any clause or provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any court of
competent jurisdiction as against any person or under any circumstances, the remainder of this Agreement and the applicability of any such clause or provision to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby. All other clauses or
provisions of this Agreement, not found invalid or unenforceable shall be and remain valid and enforceable.         

29.  
    TIME:  Time is of the essence of this Agreement.     

30.  
    STRICT COMPLIANCE / WAIVER:  Any failure by either party to insist upon strict performance by the other party of
any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any of the provisions hereof, irrespective of the number of violations or breaches that may occur, and     

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 10   

each party, notwithstanding any such failure, shall have the right thereafter to insist upon strict performance by the other of any and all of the provisions of this Agreement.

31.  
    GOVERNING LAW:  The provisions of this Agreement and all questions with respect to the construction and
enforcement thereof and the rights and liabilities of the parties hereto shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois.     

32.  
    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL: EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE PARTIES SHALL, AND THEY HEREBY DO, EXPRESSLY WAIVE TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP CREATED HEREBY. WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER FOR WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE WAIVED, THE PARTIES AGREE NOT TO ASSERT ANY SUCH CLAIM AS A
COUNTERCLAIM IN, NOR MOVE TO CONSOLIDATE SUCH CLAIM WITH, ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL IS WAIVED.          

33.  
    ATTORNEYS FEES:  A party to this Agreement who is the prevailing party in any legal proceeding against any other
party brought under or with respect to this Agreement or the transaction contemplated hereby shall be additionally entitled to recover court costs and reasonable attorneys  fees from the non-prevailing party.     

34.  
    GENDER:  A reference in this Agreement to any one gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, includes the other two,
and the singular includes the plural, and vice versa, unless the context requires otherwise.         

35.  
    CERTAIN REFERENCES:  The term  herein ,  hereof  or  hereunder  or similar terms
used in this Agreement refer to this entire Agreement and not to the particular provision in which the term is used. Unless otherwise stated, all references herein to paragraphs, subparagraphs or other provisions are references to paragraphs,
subparagraphs or other provisions of this Agreement.         

36.  
    CAPTIONS:  The captions in this Agreement are for convenience and reference only and in no way define, limit or
describe the scope of this Agreement or the intent of any provision hereof.         

37.  
    NO ORAL CHANGES:  This Agreement cannot be changed or any provision waived orally. ANY CHANGES OR ADDITIONAL
PROVISIONS OR WAIVERS MUST BE SET FORTH IN A RIDER ATTACHED HERETO OR IN A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT SIGNED BY THE PARTIES.         

38.  
    EXHIBITS:  All Exhibits described herein and attached hereto are incorporated herein by this reference for all
purposes.         

39.    
      DATE OF PERFORMANCE:  If any date for performance hereunder falls on a Saturday, Sunday or other day which
is a holiday under Federal law or under the state law where the Property is located, the date for such performance shall be the next succeeding business day.     

40.  
    COUNTERPARTS:  This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts all of which when taken together shall
constitute one Agreement.         

41.  
    COUNTERPART FACSIMILE EXECUTION:  For purposes of executing this Agreement, a document signed and transmitted by
facsimile machine shall be treated as an original document. The signature of any party thereon shall be considered as an original signature, and the document transmitted shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as an original
signature on an original document. At the request of either party, any facsimile document shall be re-executed by both parties in original form. No party hereto may raise the use of a facsimile machine or the fact that any signature was
transmitted through the use of a facsimile machine as     

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 11   

a defense to the enforcement of this Agreement or any amendment executed in compliance with this paragraph. This paragraph does not supersede the requirements of Section 21, Notices, of this
Agreement.         

42.  
    IRREVOCABLE OFFER:  This document constitutes an irrevocable offer to purchase by Purchaser for three (3) days
after delivery to Seller of a copy of this Agreement executed by Purchaser. Seller may accept this offer at any time prior to the expiration of such three (3) day period. In the event the offer to purchase is not accepted by Seller within such three
(3) day period, the offer may be withdrawn by Purchaser upon notice to Seller and Purchaser shall receive the return of its Earnest Money deposit in its entirety. Such offer to purchase shall not be deemed accepted by Seller unless and until a copy
of this Agreement has been executed by Seller or Seller s duly authorized agent. Failure of Seller to notify Purchase on or before expiration of such three (3) day period that Seller accepts or rejects this offer shall not constitute acceptance
or rejection by Seller of this offer, but that this offer shall thereafter become revocable.         

43.  
    LIMITATION ON LIABILITY:  Notwithstanding any provision contained in this contract or any of the documents to be
executed by Seller at Closing (collectively, the    Sale Document   ) the representations, warranties, indemnities, undertakings, covenants and agreements of Seller (collective,    Seller s
Undertakings   ) under the Sales documents shall not constitute personal obligations of the officers, directors, employees, agents, trustee, partners (direct or indirect), members (direct or indirect), representatives, stockholders, or
other principals or representatives of Seller, and no personal liability or personal responsibility of any sort with respect to any of Seller s Undertakings or any alleged breach thereof is assumed by, or shall at any time be asserted or
enforceable against any of the officers, directors, employees, agents, trustees, partners, members, representatives, stockholders or other principals or representatives of Seller.     
 Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement or any of the documents to be executed by Purchaser at Closing (collectively,
the    Purchase Documents   ) the representations, warranties, indemnities, undertakings, covenants and agreements of Purchaser (collectively,    Purchaser s Undertakings   ) under the Purchase Documents
shall not constitute personal obligations of the officers, directors, employees, agents, trustee, partners (direct or indirect), members (direct or indirect), representatives, stockholders, or other principals or representatives of Purchaser, and no
personal liability or personal responsibility of any sort with respect to any of Purchaser s Undertakings or any alleged breach thereof is assumed by, or shall at any time be asserted or enforceable against any of the officers, directors,
employees, agents, trustees, partners, members, representatives, stockholders or other principals or representatives of Purchaser.    [Signature page
follows]  

Phillips Farm PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 12   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, have executed
this Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement on the dates listed below, to be effective as of the date signed by the Seller.      

PURCHASER   :      JG Properties, Inc. ,
a(n)                                         

/s/ Scott A.
  Jessman                                        

(Sign Name)   
    
        (Sign
Name)    
 
              Scott A.
Jessman                                        

(Print Name)   
    
        (Print
Name)    

PURCHASER S ADDRESS:  
    
  PURCHASER S PHONE:   
 
              2260 Tanglewood
Drive                                        

Phone:                        

Aurora, IL
60506                                        

Fax: 

SOCIAL SECURITY OR TAXPAYER I.D. NUMBER OF
PURCHASER:                                        

DATE PURCHASER SIGNS THIS
AGREEMENT:                                        

PURCHASER     S
ATTORNEY :                                        

ATTORNEY S ADDRESS:  
    
  ATTORNEY S PHONE:   

Phone:                        

Fax:                         
                             
    SELLER  :  Inland-Phillips, L.L.C., an Illinois limited liability company   

By:        Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership, its sole member   

By:        Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, its
general partner   

By:     /s/ Guadalupe
Griffin                                        

Name:          Guadalupe
Griffin                                        

Its:      Sr. Vice
President                                        

Inland Kendall, L.L.C., an Illinois limited liability company   

By:        Inland-Phillips, L.L.C., an Illinois limited liability company, its
sole member   

By:        Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P., a Delaware limited
partnership, its sole member   

By:        Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, its
general partner   

By:             /s/ Guadalupe
Griffin                                        

Name:            Guadalupe
Griffin                                        

Its:              Sr. Vice
President                                        

Real Estate PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 13   

[Continued below]  

Real Estate PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 14   

BROKER:   
 Inland Real Estate Advisors, Inc.  
 2901 Butterfield Road  
 Oak Brook, IL 60523  
 (630) 990-8400 Phone (630) 990-5350 Fax  

Real Estate PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 15   

Exhibit A    
  PROPERTY IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS (PINs)   
 03-03-100-031    03-03-200-008  
 03-03-100-023    03-03-200-009  
 03-02-100-030    15-34-451-004  
 15-35-351-006    15-35-351-005  
 03-02-100-009    03-02-100-029  

Real Estate PSA  Montgomery, IL  
    
 16   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d273008dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION      Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002     I, Guadalupe Griffin, certify that:  

(1) 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P.;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

By: 
   
 Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation General Partner  

By: 
   
 /s/ Guadalupe Griffin  

Name: 
   
 Guadalupe Griffin  

Title: 
   
 Senior Vice President of the General Partner and Principal Executive Officer of the Partnership  

Date: 
   
 November 10, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d273008dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION      Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002     I, Donna Urbain, certify that:  

(1) 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P.;        

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

By: 
   
 Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation General Partner  

By: 
   
 /s/ Donna Urbain  

Name: 
   
 Donna Urbain  

Title: 
   
 Principal Financial Officer of the Partnership  

Date: 
   
 November 10, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d273008dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1  
 Certification    Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title
18 of the United States Code, the undersigned hereby certifies that:    (1) I have reviewed the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Inland Land Appreciation
Fund II, L.P. (the  Report ) to which this statement is an Exhibit;    (2) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (3) The information contained in the Report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P.      

By: 
   
 Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation  

General Partner  

By: 
   
  /s/Guadalupe Griffin                                 

Name: 
   
 Guadalupe Griffin  
 
 Title: 
   
 Senior Vice President of the General Partner and Principal Executive Officer of the Partnership  

Date: 
   
 November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d273008dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2  
 Certification    Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title
18 of the United States Code, the undersigned hereby certifies that:    (1) I have reviewed the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Inland Land Appreciation
Fund II, L.P. (the  Report ) to which this statement is an Exhibit;    (2) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (3) The information contained in the Report fairly represents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of Inland Land Appreciation Fund II, L.P.      

By: 
   
 Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation  

General Partner  

By: 
   
   /s/ Donna Urbain   

Name: 
   
 Donna Urbain  

Title: 
   
 Principal Financial Officer of the Partnership  

Date: 
   
 November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 ck0000853496-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ck0000853496-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ck0000853496-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ck0000853496-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ck0000853496-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ck0000853496-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

