<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161123_10-K_edgar_data_1449447_0001607062-16-001077_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2231217</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125629</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>154079</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>706503</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>616805</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>542736</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607062-16-001077.hdr.sgml : 20161123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161122182602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607062-16-001077
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENTEST BIOMEDICAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001449447
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				263431263
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-154989
		FILM NUMBER:		162014435

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 SPRING STREET, ST 304
		CITY:			LA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91941
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(619) 330-2328

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4700 SPRING STREET, ST 304
		CITY:			LA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91941

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JB Clothing Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607062-16-001077.txt : 20161123

10-K
 1
 entb083116form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

United
States Securities and Exchange Commission   

   Washington,
D.C.  20549   

Form
10-K   

ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934:    

  For
the fiscal year ending August 31, 2016  

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934:   For the transition period from ___________
to ___________.  

Commission
file number: 333-154989  

ENTEST
BIOMEDICAL, INC.    

  (Name
of small business issuer in its charter)  

Nevada    
         
        26-3431263     
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer Identification No.)   

4700
Spring Street, Suite 304, La Mesa, California, 91942    

  (Address
of Principal executive offices)  

Issuer s
telephone number: (  619) 702-1404    

  _______________  

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the  Exchange Act  None  

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      

  Yes
  No    

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or smaller reporting
company.  

Large
    accelerated filer    
      Accelerated
    filer     
 
      Non
    accelerated filer    
      Smaller
    reporting Company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    

  Yes
  No     

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     

  Yes    No    

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter: $ 119,780  

As
of August 31, 2016 Entest BioMedical, Inc. had 40,170,472 common shares outstanding, 28, 009 Series B Preferred shares outstanding
, 667 Series AA preferred shares outstanding and 533 Series AAA preferred shares outstanding .  

i     

In
this annual report, the terms  Entest BioMedical, Inc..  ,  Entest ,   Company ,
 we , or  our , unless the context otherwise requires, mean Entest BioMedical, Inc., a Nevada corporation,
and its subsidiaries.  

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This
annual report on Form 10-K and other reports that we file with the SEC contain statements that are considered forward-looking
statements.  Forward-looking statements give the Company s current expectations, plans, objectives, assumptions
or forecasts of future events. All statements other than statements of current or historical fact contained in this annual report,
including statements regarding the Company s future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs and
plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as  anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   potential, 
 projects,   ongoing,   expects,   management believes,   we believe, 
 we intend,  and similar expressions. These statements are based on the Company s current plans and are subject
to risks and uncertainties, and as such the Company s actual future activities and results of operations may be materially
different from those set forth in the forward looking statements. Any or all of the forward-looking statements in this annual
report may turn out to be inaccurate and as such, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  The
Company has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and
financial trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs.
The forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions
due to a number of factors, including:  

dependence on key personnel;   

competitive factors;   

degree of success of research and development programs   

the operation of our business; and   

general economic conditions   

These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and except to the extent required by federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on
which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of
each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable
to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained
in this annual report.  

ii     

PART
I   

Item
1. Business   

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 24, 2008 as JB Clothing Corporation.  Until July 10, 2009, our principal
business objective was the offering of active/leisure fashion design clothing.  

On
July 10, 2009 we abandoned our efforts in the field of active/leisure fashion design clothing when we acquired 100% of the share
capital of Entest BioMedical, Inc., a California corporation, ( Entest CA ) from Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc.
( BMSN ) for consideration consisting of 10,000,000 shares of the common stock of the Company and the cancellation
of 10,000,000 shares of the Company owned and held by Mr. Rick Plote.  

As
a result of this transaction, the former stockholder of Entest CA held approximately 70% of the voting capital stock of the Company
immediately after the transaction.  For financial accounting purposes, this acquisition was a reverse acquisition of the
Company by Entest CA under the purchase method of accounting, and was treated as a recapitalization with Entest CA as the acquirer.
As of November 1, 2011 the former stockholder of Entest CA held approximately 48% of the outstanding common shares of the Company.  

Upon
acquisition of Entest CA, we abandoned our efforts in the field of active/leisure fashion design clothing.  Our business
is currently the business of Entest CA, and we currently intend to develop and commercialize therapies, medical devices and medical
testing procedures. On July 12, 2009 we adopted the name of Entest CA when we changed our name to Entest BioMedical, Inc.  

On
June 18, 2015 Entest established Zander Therapeutics, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary.  

On
June 23, 2015 Regen Biopharma, Inc. (  Regen ) entered into an Regen Agreement ( Regen Agreement ) with
Zander Therapeutics, Inc. (  Zander ) whereby Regen granted to Zander an exclusive worldwide right and license for
the development and commercialization of certain intellectual property controlled by Regen (  License IP ) for non-human
veterinary therapeutic use for a term of fifteen years. Zander is a wholly owned subsidiary of Entest Biomedical, Inc.  

Pursuant
to the Regen Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen one-time, non-refundable, upfront payment of one hundred thousand US dollars
($100,000) as a license initiation fee which must be paid within 90 days of June 23, 2015 and an annual non-refundable payment
of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000) on July 15 th , 2016 and each subsequent anniversary of the effective date
of the Regen Agreement.  

The
abovementioned payments may be made, at Zander s discretion, in cash or newly issued common stock of Zander or in common
stock of Entest BioMedical Inc. valued as of the lowest closing price on the principal exchange upon which said common stock trades
publicly within the 14 trading days prior to issuance.  

Pursuant
to the Regen Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen royalties equal to four percent (4%) of the Net Sales , as such term is defined
in the Regen Agreement, of any Licensed Products, as such term is defined in the Regen Agreement, in a Quarter.  

Pursuant
to the Regen Agreement, Zander will pay Regen ten percent (10%) of all consideration (in the case of in-kind consideration, at
fair market value as monetary consideration) received by Zander from sublicensees ( excluding royalties from sublicensees based
on Net Sales of any Licensed Products for which Regen receives payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Regen Agreement).  

Zander
is obligated pay to Regen minimum annual royalties of ten thousand US dollars ($10,000) payable per year on each anniversary of
the Effective Date of this Regen Agreement, commencing on the second anniversary of June 23, 2015. This minimum annual royalty
is only payable to the extent that royalty payments made during the preceding 12-month period do not exceed ten thousand US dollars
($10,000).  

The
Regen Agreement may be terminated by Regen:  

If
Zander has not sold any Licensed Product by ten years of the effective date of the Regen Agreement or Zander has not sold any
Licensed Product for any twelve (12) month period after Zander s first commercial sale of a Licensed Product.  

The
Regen Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if by five years from the date of execution of
the Regen Agreement a patent has not been granted by the United States patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that
License IP.  

The
Regen Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if a patent that has been granted by the United
States patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that License IP is terminated.  

The
Regen Agreement may be terminated by either party in the event of a material breach by the other party.  

On
September 28, 2015 Zander caused to be issued to Regen 8,000,000 of the common shares of Entest Biomedical, Inc in satisfaction
of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000) to be paid to Regen by Zander as a license initiation fee.  

On
September 8, 2016 Zander paid $17,000 to Regen as a partial payment of the July 15th, 2016 liability  

David
R. Koos serves as sole officer and director of both Zander and Entest. and also serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Regen.  

The
Company s current strategy is to develop and commercialize therapies, medical devices and medical testing procedures for
the veterinary market.  It is believed by the Company that any required regulatory approvals can be obtained much more rapidly
with regard to products and services developed for the veterinary market and that the achievement of successful clinical trials
and commercialization of such products and services may allow the company to enter into collaborations with larger pharmaceutical
companies for the purpose of developing and commercializing these products and services for human usage.  

The
process by which a new drug is approved for use in humans within the United States generally begins prior to submission of the
IND (Investigational New Drug Application) with the FDA.  

Prior
to submission of the IND, the sponsor of the drug compound under development must test the drugs on laboratory animals (preclinical
testing) in order that toxicity may be determined and efficacy may be demonstrated. The results of such preclinical testing is
crucial in determining whether or not the sponsor may proceed onto clinical trials on human beings and preclinical testing is
required to be performed on multiple species.  

Drug
studies in humans can begin only after an IND is reviewed by the FDA and a local institutional review board (IRB). The board is
a panel of scientists and non-scientists in hospitals and research institutions that oversees clinical research.  

IRBs
approve the clinical trial protocols, which describe the type of people who may participate in the clinical trial, the schedule
of tests and procedures, the medications and dosages to be studied, the length of the study, the study's objectives, and other
details. IRBs make sure the study is acceptable, that participants have given consent and are fully informed of their risks, and
that researchers take appropriate steps to protect patients from harm.  

After
trial protocols have been approved the sponsor moves on to Phase I clinical trials (to determine safety and toxicity in a small
number of volunteers) and, if Phase 1 studies don't reveal unacceptable toxicity, Phase II and Phase III clinical trials to determine
effectiveness.  

  The
process by which a new drug is approved for veterinary  use within the United States generally begins with the sponsor researching
 and developing  the new compound and conducting  initial ( pilot ) studies on it for a specific use
in a specific animal species (called the  target animal  species) If the results of the pilot studies are promising
 and there is a potential market for the drug, the drug sponsor contacts The US Food and Drug Administration s Center
for Veterinary Medicine (CVM) to officially begin the drug approval process by opening an Investigational New Animal Drug ( INAD )
file.  Information is submitted regarding Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls; Effectiveness; Target Animal Safety; Human
Food Safety(if applicable); Environmental Impact (if applicable) and Labeling in support of the NADA (New Animal Drug Application)
which is submitted by the sponsor for approval by the FDA.  

With
the exception of a biologic product which can be classified as a medical device,  Biologics developed for human use generally
are undergo the same path to FDA approval as  for drugs. Biologics classified as medical devices may, in most instance, be
subject to premarket approval by the FDA. Medical devices intended for veterinary use are not subject to premarket approval by
the FDA.  

Veterinary
Biologics are regulated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)  which is authorized, under the 1913 Virus-Serum-Toxin
Act as amended by the 1985 Food Security Act, to ensure that all veterinary biologics produced in, or imported into, the United
States are not worthless, contaminated, dangerous, or harmful. The Veterinary Biologics Program of the USDA's Animal and Plant
Health Inspection Service (APHIS) oversees the veterinary biologics industry in the United States.  

Domestic
manufacturers of veterinary biologics, for domestic use or for export, are required to possess a valid U.S. Veterinary Biologics
Establishment License and an individual U.S. Veterinary Biologics Product License for each product produced for sale.  Prior
to being granted a U.S. Veterinary Biologic Establishment License, the applicant must submit detailed information regarding the
facilities and the qualifications of key personnel and must submit to an inspection of the facilities by the Center for Veterinary
Biologics, a division of the USDA . To qualify for an establishment license, an applicant also must qualify for at least one product
license.  

Prior
to being granted a U.S. Veterinary Biologics Product License, the applicant must submit detailed information including test reports
and research data sufficient to establish purity, safety, potency and efficacy of the product, an Outline of Production, and information
regarding labeling and  facilities that are to be used in preparation.  

It
is the Company s opinion that factors such as the lack of need for multispecies pre clinical testing, smaller subject size
in efficacy testing (subjects generally  in the hundreds for veterinary equivalent of Phase III clinical trials as opposed
to generally  in the thousands for Phase III clinical trials for drug compounds for use in humans), lack of the requirement
for premarket approval  for medical devices intended for veterinary use should generally lead to a shorter timeframe for
approval by the appropriate regulators of drugs, biologics, and medical devices intended for veterinary use as opposed to drugs,
biologics, and medical devices intended for human use.  

The
Company is currently focusing its efforts and allocating its resources towards:  

(a)      The
                                         development and commercialization of ImenVax , a therapeutic cancer vaccine for
                                         use in canines  

(b)      The
                                         the development and commercialization of certain intellectual property for non-human
                                         veterinary therapeutic use licensed to Zander pursuant to the Regen Agreement.  

The
Company has not undertaken any discussions with any pharmaceutical companies regarding the commercialization of any products under
development. None of the Company s products have been approved by any regulatory body for marketing within the United States
or anywhere else. No assurance can be given that all or any of the Company s currently planned products will ever be commercialized.  

Principal
Products and Services   

The
Company is currently focusing its research and development efforts toward the successful development and commercialization of
the ImenVax family of canine cancer vaccines as well as the development and commercialization of certain intellectual property
for non-human veterinary therapeutic use licensed to Zander pursuant to the Regen Agreement  

ImenVax 
I  

ImenVax 
I, currently under development by the Company, is a therapeutic for canine cancer which involves isolating tumor cells from the
patient and then placing the cells into a cell implant device that is inserted subcutaneously into the patient.  The resulting
expression of tumor antigens from the device is intended to generate an anti-tumor immune response. The implant chamber device
provokes immune responses to the tumor cells isolated from the patient s own tumor through a process known as indirect presentation.
Tumor cells implanted in the device are exposed to conditions that are distinct from the tumor s environment from which
they were isolated. This altered environment allows for anti-tumor responses that are not ordinarily observed in the natural tumor
progression.  

The
cells are :  

1)
Isolated from the tumor and freed from the natural tumor microenvironment  

  2)
Subjected to an initial ischemic condition of hypoxia that induces increased antigen expression  

  3)
Allowed to repopulate within the device in a context that facilitates extended release of tumor antigens.  

The
device utilized is comprised of a 0.4 micron inner membrane to retain the implanted cells and an  

  outer
5 micron membrane that allows blood vessels to form on the surface to enhance biocompatibility. The outer membrane is held in
place by a polyester mesh. The membranes are sonically sealed using a polyester mesh insert.  

The
device contains a surface architecture that promotes vascularization in-vivo. There is an initial ischemic phase that may additionally
influence the tumor cell growth characteristics and genetic regulation of the tumor cells.  

It
is hypothesized that shortly after implantation, the expression of immunosuppressive molecules is down regulated while the release
of antigens is maintained, thus allowing immune responses to occur that would normally be suppressed.  

The
Antigens that are released from the implanted device are taken up by antigen presenting cells (APC).  

  It
is believed that the APCs will be trained to recognize the cancer cells and alert the body s immune response, activating
antibodies and T cells to destroy the tumor cells.  

The
Company is currently conducting a ten dog safety study to Evaluate ImenVax  I for the Treatment of Canine Oral Melanoma
and determine adverse effects, if any. As of May 17, 2012 three dogs suffering from oral melanoma have been administered the therapy
with no dog suffering any material adverse reaction.  

Inclusion
in the Safety Study is limited to ten dogs with histologically confirmed canine oral melanoma with a Studied Karnofsky performance
status of one or less. The subject are required to be over  eight kg with measurable tumor lesions by caliper or imaging,
either primary or metastatic,  that may or may not have had prior non-immunological-based therapy. No concurrent NSAID therapy
is allowed and previous use of immune-based therapies is not permitted. Subjects are required to have a two month life expectancy,
and, not have any disease or condition (other than the cancer)  that would preclude living for 3 to 6 months.  

Toxicity
is evaluated prior to, and after, treatment and monthly for a period of 3 months. To date, 3 dogs have been enrolled in the safety
study with none exhibiting any adverse effects. The Company estimates that an additional $100,000 will be required to be expended
to complete the safety study.  

ImenVax
   II  

Also
in early stage development by the Company is a version of ImenVax    called ImenVax    II which utilizes
cell lines for sustained release of immunologically relevant cytokines for maximum anti-tumor immune responses. It is believed
by the Company that this controlled release of cytokines will act as an adjuvant to be combined with patient s tumor cells
(antigens) within an implantable membrane encapsulation device.  

ImenVax
   II is designed to function in a manner similar to ImenVax  I. However, In order to further potentiate the
tumor antigen specific immune responses, the Company intends to include adjuvant cytokine(s) along with tumor cells into the implantation
device.   The adjuvants can be added through cytokine expressing cell line. The implantation device to be utilized for
administering ImenVax    II is expected to be substantially similar to that utilized in administering ImenVax 
I.  

ImenVax
   III  

ImenVax
III is intended to function by harnessing the ability of placental extracts to combat canine cancers. ImenVax III is intended
to treat existing tumors through stimulation of immune responses to:  

a)
kill tumor cells directly;  

  b)
indirectly kill tumor cells by cutting off the tumor blood supply; and  

  c)
block the ability of the tumor to suppress the immune system.  

Xenogeneic
(from different species) antigen induced immunity has been shown to break self tolerance and capable of engendering immune responses
against the endogenous counterpart self - antigen. The use of xenogeneic placental derived agents such as VEGF (vascular endothelial
growth factor) has demonstrated regression of soft tissue sarcomas in dogs (Kamstock D, Elmslie R, Thamm D, Dow S. 2007. Evaluation
of a xenogeneic VEGF vaccine in dogs with soft tissue sarcoma. 56(8): 1299 - 309).    

ImenVax
   III is intended to be an off the shelf formulation, manufactured under GMP, which shall harness the power of trophoblasts
(cells forming the outer layer of a blastocyst, which provide nutrients to the embryo and develop into a large part of the placenta)
derived  from human placental tissue to combat canine cancers . No tissue processing is required for the administration of
the ImenVax    III therapy as opposed to I and II as no cellular material from the patient is utilized.  

ENT-576

ENT-576
   is a proprietary therapy being developed by the Company for the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
(COPD) such therapy comprising of:  

a)
extracting a therapeutic number of cells from a tissue containing in part a stem cell population;  

  b)
processing said population of cells derived from said tissue so as to concentrate said stem cell population;  

  c)
systemic re-administration of said cell population into the same patient; and  

  d)
exposing the patient lung to a sufficient intensity and frequency of laser irradiation necessary to augment therapeutic activity
of said cells in said patient suffering from COPD. The Company has also considered utilizing an FDA approved biochemical drug
to produce the desired augmentation of therapeutic activity.  

A
therapeutic intervention in COPD would require addressing the issues of inflammation and regeneration. Although approaches such
as administration of bone marrow stem cells or fat derived cellular components have both regenerative and anti-inflammatory activity
in animal models, the Company feels that the need to enhance their potency for clinical applications can be addressed through
the usage of low level lasers which studies have demonstrated may induce growth factor production, inhibit  inflammation
and  stimulate angiogenesis.  

There
can be no assurance that approvals required will be obtained for any of the Company s current therapies under development,
or that if such approvals are obtained that the Company will be able to effectively market its therapies. There can be no assurance
given that actual costs and timeframes related to commercialization for any proposed product will not deviate materially from
the Company s estimation. Currently, none of the Company s products under development may be administered or marketed
in the United States or outside of the United states except pursuant to an exemption from relevant regulation. The Company does
not anticipate conducting further research and development related to ENT-576  until completion of the Safety Study due
to limited resources available to the Company.  

On
October 19, 2011 the Company entered into an agreement with RenovoCyte  LLC and Medistem Inc. ( Agreement )  whereby
the Company shall provide research services to RenovoCyte  LLC in connection with a ten dog pilot study to determine the
safety and effectiveness of the utilization of stem cell therapy for the treatment of arthritis in animals ( Pilot Study ).
The term of the Agreement is from October 19, 2011 until the earlier of the completion of the Pilot Study or October 19, 2015
unless terminated by RenovoCyte LLC due to an event of force majeure exceeding a period of 4 months. As consideration for providing
services pursuant to the Agreement, the Company shall enjoy joint publishing rights with regards to the results of the Pilot Study.
 Canine mesenchymal multipotent stem cell injections to be utilized during the course of the Pilot Study shall be provided
to the Company by RenovoCyte LLC at no cost to the Company.  

As
of November 15, 2016 there have been 8 canine patients treated through the Pilot Study.  

Intellectual
Property Licensed to Zander Therapeutics by Regen Biopharma, Inc.  

On
June 23, 2015 Regen Biopharma, Inc. (  Regen ) entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with Zander Therapeutics,
Inc. (  Zander ) whereby Regen granted to Zander an exclusive worldwide right and license for the development and
commercialization of certain intellectual property controlled by Regen (  License IP ) for non-human veterinary therapeutic
use for a term of fifteen years. Zander is a wholly owned subsidiary of Entest Biomedical, Inc.  

The
License IP consists of the following inventions for which patent applications with the United states Patent and Trademark Office
have been filed:  

On
October 17, 2016 David Koos, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Harry Lander the President of Regen assigned
to Zander the entire right, title, and interest in and to inventions described in U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 62/406,374
Small Molecule Modulators of NR2F6 Activity For Animals, filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on October 10,
2016 and derived from the License IP.  

On
October 1, 2016 Thomas Ichim. A consultant to the Company, and David R . Koos , the sole officer of the Company, assigned to Zander
the entire right, title, and interest in and to inventions described in United States Patent Application No. 15225484  CANINE
AUTOLOGOUS IMMUNOTHERAPY USING DENDRITIC CELL INDUCED CANCER KILLING IMMUNOCYTES . The inventions described therein relates
to the generation of potent cytotoxic cells through the utilization of antigen presenting cells as stimulators.  

Distribution
methods of the products or services:  

The
Company intends to distribute its products and services through several channels including:  

(a)      utilization
                                         of an internal sales force to market directly to veterinary professionals  

(c)      utilization
                                         of contract sales organizations  

Competitive
business conditions and Entest's competitive position in the industry and methods of competition   

We
have yet to achieve revenues or profits. The animal health pharmaceutical and biologics industries in which we intend to compete
are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological advancement. Many of our competitors have greater resources than
we do. We intend to compete by licensing existing intellectual property which we deem promising and developing those properties
to commercialization.  

Sources
and availability of raw materials and the names of principal suppliers   

The
supplies and materials required to conduct our operations are available through a wide variety of sources and may be obtained
through a wide variety of sources.  

Patents,
trademarks, licenses, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements or labor contracts, including duration   

Entest
has not been granted any patents. Other than pursuant to that agreement entered into by and between Zander and Regen previously
disclosed in this document, Entest is not currently party to any royalty agreements.  Entest is not party to any binding
labor contracts.  

Need
for any government approval of principal products or services, effect of existing or probable governmental regulations on the
business   

ImenVax 
I and ImenVax  II are Veterinary Biologics. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is authorized under the 1913 Virus-Serum-Toxin
Act to ensure that all veterinary biologics produced in, or imported into, the United States are not worthless, contaminated,
dangerous, or harmful. The Veterinary Biologics Program of the USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ( APHIS )
oversees the veterinary biologics industry in the United States.  

Domestic
manufacturers of veterinary biologics, for domestic use or for export, are required to possess a valid U.S. Veterinary Biologics
Establishment License and an individual U.S. Veterinary Biologics Product License for each product produced for sale.  

Prior
to being granted a U.S. Veterinary Biologics Product License, the applicant must submit detailed information including test reports
and research data sufficient to establish purity, safety, potency and efficacy of the product, an Outline of Production, and information
regarding labeling and  facilities that are to be used in preparation.  

Prior
to being granted a U.S. Veterinary Biologic Establishment License, the applicant must submit detailed information regarding the
facilities and the qualifications of key personnel and must submit to an inspection of the facilities by the Center for Veterinary
Biologics, a division of the USDA. To qualify for an establishment license, an applicant also must qualify for at least one product
license.  

ENT-576 
can be considered a  combination product  whose primary mode of action is through animal stem cells (a veterinary
biologic) It is intended that the Company will obtain a U.S. Veterinary Biologics Establishment License and a U.S. Veterinary
Biologics Product License from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.  

ImenVax 
III can be considered a combination product whose primary mode of action is generated through trophoblasts derived from human
placental tissue. Entest will be required to obtain approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in order to market
ImenVax  III. Entest will apply for an Investigational New Animal Drug exemption (INAD) in order that the product may be
shipped for testing and trials and will submit a New Animal Drug Application for ImenVax  III.  

Products
and Therapies that may be developed pursuant to the License IP may be Veterinary Biologics or may be Veterinary Drugs. The Company
will be required to obtain approval from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in order to market any Veterinary Drugs. An
Investigational New Animal Drug exemption (INAD) must be applied for in order that any veterinary drug under development may be
shipped for testing and trials and a New Animal Drug Application must be filed with and approved by the FDA before any veterinary
drug may be marketed.  

   Amount
spent during the last fiscal year on research and development activities   

During
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 we expended $192,500 on research and development activities.  

Costs
and effects of compliance with environmental laws (federal, state and local);   

Entest
has not incurred any unusual or significant costs to remain in compliance with any environmental laws and does not expect
to incur any unusual or significant costs to remain in compliance with any environmental laws in the foreseeable future.  

Number
of total employees and number of full-time employees   

As
of November 15, 2016, Entest has 1 employee of which 1 is full time.  

Item
2. Properties   

On
November 1, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement to lease approximately 2,320 square feet of office space beginning December
1, 2011 for a period of five years.  

Rent
to be charged to the Company pursuant to the lease is as follows:  

$2,996
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2011 and ending November 30, 2012  

  $3,116
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2012 and ending November 30, 2013  

  $3,241
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2013 and ending November 30, 2014  

  $3,371
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2014 and ending November 30, 2015  

  $3,506
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2015 and ending November 30, 2016  

This
property is utilized as office space. The Company believes that the foregoing property is adequate to meet its current needs.
While it is anticipated that the Company will require access to laboratory facilities in the future, the Company believes that
access to such facilities are available from a variety of sources.  

Item
3. Legal Proceedings   

None  

Item
4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders   

No
matter was submitted during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report to a vote of security holders, through
the solicitation of proxies or otherwise.  

PART
II   

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

The
Company s common stock is a  penny stock,  as defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act. The penny stock
rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market.
The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of
the broker-dealer and its sales person in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that the broker-dealer, not otherwise exempt
from such rules, must make a special written determination that the penny stock is suitable for the purchaser and receive the
purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure rules have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. So long as the common stock of the Company
is subject to the penny stock rules, it may be more difficult to sell common stock of the Company.  

The
Company s authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value $0.0001, and 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock with a par value $0.0001 per share (of which 100,000 are designated as Series AA Preferred Stock, 4,400,000
are designated as Series B Preferred Stock and 300,000 are designated as Series AAA Preferred Stock) and 200,000 shares authorized
of Non Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 . On July 27, 2015 the company effected a 1 for 150 reverse stock split
of all issued series of stock with the exception of the Corporation s authorized Non Voting Convertible Preferred Stock.
One share of Common Stock was issued after the exchange for one hundred and fifty shares of Common Stock issued. One share of
each series of preferred Stock (with the exception of the Corporation s authorized Non Voting Convertible Preferred Stock)
was issued after the exchange for one hundred and fifty shares of each series of Preferred Stock issued.  As of November
15, 2016 Entest BioMedical, Inc. had 40,170,472 common shares outstanding, 28, 009 Series B Preferred shares outstanding , 667
Series AA preferred shares outstanding and 533 Series AAA preferred shares outstanding.  

(a)      Our
                                         common stock is traded on the OTC Pink Tier of OTC Markets under the symbol  ENTB .
                                          Below is the range of high and low bid information for our common equity for each
                                         quarter within the last two fiscal years. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices,
                                         without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.  

* Adjusted
retroactively for 1-150 reverse split July 27, 2015  

Holders   

As
of August 31, 2016 there were approximately 341 holders of our Common Stock.  

Dividends   

No
cash dividends were paid during the fiscal year ending August 31, 2016. We do not expect to declare cash dividends in the immediate
future.  

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities   

On
September 28, 2015 the Company issued 8,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock ( Shares ) to Regen Biopharma,
Inc. in satisfaction of that license initiation fee due and payable to Regen Biopharma, Inc. pursuant to the terms and conditions
of that agreement whereby Regen Biopharma, Inc. granted to Zander Therapeutics Inc. an exclusive worldwide right and license for
the development and commercialization of certain intellectual property controlled by Regen Biopharma, Inc. for non-human veterinary
therapeutic use for a term of fifteen years.  

The
Shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No underwriters were retained to serve
as placement agents for the sale. The Shares were sold directly through our management. No commission or other consideration was
paid in connection with the sale of the Shares. There was no advertisement or general solicitation made in connection with this
Offer and Sale of Shares. A legend was placed on the certificate that evidences the Shares stating that the Shares have not
been registered under the Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and sale of the Shares.  

Item
6. Selected Financial Data   

As
we are a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1), we are not required to provide the information
required by this Item.  

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

As
of August 31, 2015, we had Cash in the amount of $2159 and as of August 31, 2016 we had Cash in the amount of $859.  

The
decrease in Cash of approximately 60% is primarily attributable to $42,062 of net cash borrowings by the Company offset by expenses
incurred by the Company in the operation of its business and payment of its obligations:  

As
of August 31, 2015 we had Accrued Rent Receivable of $10,000 and as of August 31, 2016 we had Accrued Rent Receivable of $15,000.  

The
increase in Accrued Rent Receivable of 50% is attributable to rental income earned by but unpaid to the company by Regen biopharma,
Inc. for the months of June 2016, July 2016 and August 2016  

As
of August 31, 2015 we had Accounts Payable of $106,425 and as of August 31, 2016 we had Accounts Payable of $112,162.  

  The
increase in Accounts Payable of approximately 5% is attributable to payments of outstanding obligations of the Company incurred
in the course of business.  

As
of August 31, 2015 we had Notes Payable of $413,539 and as of August 31, 2016 we had Notes Payable of $455,601  

  The
increase in Notes Payable of approximately 10% is primarily attributable to :  

Offset
by:  

As
of August 31, 2015 we had Accrued Expenses of $279,574 and as of August 31, 2016 we had Accrued Expenses of $426,965  

  The
increase in Accrued Expenses of approximately 52% is primarily attributable to:  

(a)      $100,000
                                         of expenses incurred as a result of that agreement entered into by and between Regen
                                         Biopharma, Inc. (  Regen ) and Zander Therapeutics, Inc. (  Zander )
                                         whereby Regen granted to Zander an exclusive worldwide right and license for the development
                                         and commercialization of certain intellectual property controlled by Regen for non-human
                                         veterinary therapeutic use for a term of fifteen years.  

Offset
by:  

the
issuance by the Company of 8,000,000 common shares in satisfaction of $100,000 of expenses incurred pursuant to that agreement
by and between Zander Therapeutics, Inc. and Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( a company under common control with Zander Therapeutics,
Inc and the Company) entered into on June 23, 2015.  

Material
Changes in Results of Operations   

Revenues
from continuing operations were $0 for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015 and $0 for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016
.. Net losses from continuing operations were$485,274 for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015 and $506,690 for the fiscal year
ended August 31, 2016.  

The
increase in Net Losses from continuing operations of approximately 4% is primarily attributable to higher research and development
related expenses and higher consulting expenses offset by lower general and administrative expenses , lower interest expenses,
higher rental income during the year ended August 31, 2016 when compared to the year ended August 31, 2015 as well as the recognition
of $65,880 of expenses attributable to the issuances of equity securities below fair value during the year ended August 31, 2015
..  

As
of August 31, 2016 we had $859 cash on hand and current liabilities of $1,002,728 such liabilities consisting of Accounts Payable,
Notes Payable, Amounts due to Others and Accrued Expenses.  

We
feel we will not be able to satisfy our cash requirements over the next twelve months and shall be required to seek additional
financing.  

We
currently plan to raise additional funds primarily by offering securities for cash.  

There
is no guarantee that we will be able to raise any capital through any type of offerings. We cannot assure that we will be successful
in obtaining additional financing necessary to implement our business plan. We have not received any commitment or expression
of interest from any financing source that has given us any assurance that we will obtain the amount of additional financing in
the future that we currently anticipate. For these and other reasons, we are not able to assure that we will obtain any additional
financing or, if we are successful, that we can obtain any such financing on terms that may be reasonable in light of our current
circumstances.  

As
of November 15, 2016 we are not party to any binding agreements which would commit Entest to any material capital expenditures.  

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

As
we are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1), we are not required to provide the information required
by this Item.  

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of   

   Entest
BioMedical, Inc.    

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entest BioMedical, Inc. as of August 31, 2016 and the related statements of operations,
stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended August 31, 2016. Entest BioMedical, Inc. s management
is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entest
BioMedical, Inc. as of August 31, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has no revenues, has negative working capital at August 31, 2016, has incurred
recurring losses and recurring negative cash flow from operating activities, and has an accumulated deficit which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters are also described in
Note 4. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

/s/
AMC Auditing    

AMC
Auditing  

  Las
Vegas, Nevada  

  November
22, 2016  

SEALE
AND BEERS, CPAs   

    PCAOB
REGISTERED AUDITORS    

  www.sealebeers.com  

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  

  Entest
Biomedical Inc.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Entest Biomedical, Inc. as of August 31, 2014 and 2015, and the related
statements of operations, stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
August 31, 2015. Entest Biomedical, Inc s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entest
Biomedical, Inc. as of August 31, 2014 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, stockholders  equity (deficit),
and the results of its operations and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2015. in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has no revenues, has negative working capital at August 31, 2015, has incurred
recurring losses and recurring negative cash flow from operating activities, and has an accumulated deficit which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters are also described in
Note 4. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Seale
  Beers, CPAs    

Seale
and Beers, CPAs  

  Las
Vegas, Nevada  

  November
23, 2015  

Entest
BioMedical, Inc.   

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements   

   As
of August 31, 2016   

NOTE
1.  ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS   

Entest
Biomedical, Inc ( The  Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 24, 2008 as JB Clothing Corporation.
 Until July 10, 2009, the Company s principal business objective was the offering of active/leisure fashion design
clothing.  

On
July 10, 2009 the Company abandoned its efforts in the field of active/leisure fashion design clothing when it acquired 100% of
the share capital of Entest BioMedical, Inc., a California corporation, ( Entest CA ).  

On
June 18, 2015 the Company formed Zander Therapeutics, Inc. ( Zander ) , a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company.  

The
Company s current business consists of the development and commercialization of immunotherapeutic therapies for the veterinary
market as well as the acquisition and operation of veterinary hospitals.  

NOTE
2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

A.
BASIS OF ACCOUNTING  

The
financial statements have been prepared using the basis of accounting generally accepted in the United States of America. Under
this basis of accounting, revenues are recorded as earned and expenses are recorded at the time liabilities are incurred. The
Company has adopted an August 31 fiscal year-end.   The Company recognizes revenue from services and product sales when the
following four revenue recognition criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services
have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.  

B.
PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION  

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Entest CA and Zander;. the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries.
Significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated.  

C.
USE OF ESTIMATES  

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.  

D.
CASH EQUIVALENTS  

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.  

E.
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

As
of August 31, 2016 Property and Equipment consists of $0 of Computer equipment. An impairment charge of $1,919 has been recognized
by the Company on one personal computer during the quarter ended August 31, 2015 as the Company has determined that the equipment
has no value due to obsolescence.  

F.
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

Fair
value is the price that would be received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal
or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.  A fair value
hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available. The following summarizes the three levels
of inputs required by the standard that the Company uses to measure fair value:  

Level
1:  Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities  

Level
2:  Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in
markets that are not active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the related assets or liabilities.  

Level
3:  Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.  

The
Company s financial instruments as of August 31, 2016 consisted of $ 455,601 of Notes Payable and $8,000 due to TheraCyte,
Inc.. The fair value of all of the Company s financial instruments as of August 31, 2016 were valued according to the Level
3 input. The carrying amount of the financial instruments is equal to the fair value as determined by the Company.  

The
Company has determined that there are no Level 1 or Level 2 inputs for determining the fair value of the Company s financial
instruments. Fair value was determined by the Company utilizing its own assumptions and estimation. There were no transfers between
levels for the period presented.  

G.
INCOME TAXES  

The
Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method prescribed by ASC 740,    Income Taxes.   
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting
and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available
evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on
deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or loss in the period that includes the enactment date.  

The
Company applied the provisions of ASC 740-10-50,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes , which provides clarification
related to the process associated with accounting for uncertain tax positions recognized in our financial statements. Audit periods
remain open for review until the statute of limitations has passed. The completion of review or the expiration of the statute
of limitations for a given audit period could result in an adjustment to the Company s liability for income taxes. Any such
adjustment could be material to the Company s results of operations for any given quarterly or annual period based, in part,
upon the results of operations for the given period. As of August 31, 2016 the Company had no uncertain tax positions, and will
continue to evaluate for uncertain positions in the future.  

The
Company generated a deferred tax credit through net operating loss carry forward.  However, a valuation allowance of 100%
has been established.  

Interest
and penalties on tax deficiencies recognized in accordance with ACS accounting standards are classified as income taxes in accordance
with ASC Topic 740-10-50-19.  

H.
 BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE  

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 260,  Earnings Per Share ,
which specifies the computation, presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly
held common stock. ASC 260 requires the presentation of basic earnings (loss) per share and diluted earnings (loss) per share.
The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC 260 effective from inception. Basic net loss per share amounts is computed by dividing
the net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. All convertible debt has an anti-dilutive effect on
the EPS, therefore Diluted earnings per share are the same as basic earnings per share.  

NOTE
3.  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

In
June 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10, which eliminated certain financial
reporting requirements of companies previously identified as  Development Stage Entities  (Topic 915). The amendments
in this ASU simplify accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities.
The amendments also reduce data maintenance and, for those entities subject to audit, audit costs by eliminating the requirement
for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder
equity. Early application of each of the amendments is permitted for any annual reporting period or interim period for which the
entity's financial statements have not yet been issued (public business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities).
Upon adoption, entities will no longer present or disclose any information required by Topic 915. The Company has adopted this
standard.  

The
following accounting standards updates were recently issued and have not yet been adopted by the Company. These standards are
currently under review to determine their impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations,
or cash flows.  

In
May 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The revenue recognition
standard affects all entities that have contracts with customers, except for certain items. The new revenue recognition standard
eliminates the transaction-and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current GAAP and replaces it with a principle-based
approach for determining revenue recognition. Public entities are required to adopt the revenue recognition standard for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim and annual reporting periods thereafter. Early adoption is not permitted
for public entities. The Company has reviewed the applicable ASU and has not, at the current time, quantified the effects of this
pronouncement, however it believes that there will be no material effect on the consolidated financial statements.  

  In
June 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-12 Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting
for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service
Period. A performance target in a share-based payment that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service
period should be accounted for as a performance condition under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 718, Compensation  
Stock Compensation. As a result, the target is not reflected in the estimation of the award's grant date fair value. Compensation
cost would be recognized over the required service period, if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved.
The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2015 and interim periods within those annual periods.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company has reviewed the applicable ASU and has not, at the current time, quantified the effects
of this pronouncement, however it believes that there will be no material effect on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-15 Preparation of Financial Statements   Going Concern
(Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. Under generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP), continuation of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial
statements unless and until the entity's liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption
is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting. If and when an entity's liquidation becomes imminent, financial
statements should be prepared under the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with Subtopic 205-30, Presentation of Financial
Statements Liquidation Basis of Accounting. Even when an entity's liquidation is not imminent, there may be conditions or
events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. In those situations, financial
statements should continue to be prepared under the going concern basis of accounting, but the amendments in this Update should
be followed to determine whether to disclose information about the relevant conditions and events. The amendments in this Update
are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early
application is permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU, however, at the current period,
management does not believe that it has met the conditions which would subject these financial statements for additional disclosure.  

NOTE
4.  GOING CONCERN   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company generated
net losses of $7,405,099 during the period from August 22, 2008 (inception) through August 31, 2016. This condition raises substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The Company's continuation as a going concern is dependent on
its ability to meet its obligations, to obtain additional financing as may be required and ultimately to attain profitability.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Management
plans to raise additional funds primarily by offering securities for cash. Management has yet to decide what type of offering
the Company will use or how much capital the Company will raise. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise
any capital through any type of offerings.  

NOTE
5.  NOTES PAYABLE     

As
of August 31, 2016  

Notes
Payable:   

Bio
Technology Partners Business Trust has provided a line of credit to the Company in the amount of $200,000 or so much thereof as
may be disbursed to, or for the benefit of the Company by Lender in Lender's sole and absolute discretion.   The unpaid principal
of this line of credit bears simple interest at the rate of ten percent per annum. Interest is calculated based on the principal
balance as may be adjusted from time to time to reflect additional advances or payments made hereunder. Principal balance and
accrued interest shall become due and payable in whole or in part at the demand of the Lender. The Sherman Family Trust (10% Interest)
has provided a line of credit to the Company in the amount of $700,000 or so much thereof as may be disbursed to, or for the benefit
of the Company by Lender in Lender's sole and absolute discretion. The unpaid principal of this line of credit bears simple interest
at the rate of ten percent per annum. Interest is calculated based on the principal balance as may be adjusted from time to time
to reflect additional advances or payments made hereunder. Principal balance and accrued interest shall become due and payable
in whole or in part at the demand of the Lender. $160,500 due to The Sherman Family Trust (0% Interest) is due and payable in
whole or in part at the option of the Holder and bears no interest. Amounts due to Regen Biopharma Inc. are due and payable at
the demand of the holder and bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum. Amounts due to Dunhill Ross Partners, Inc. are due
and payable at the demand of the holder and bear simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$37,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable September 3, 2016 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum  

$15,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable December 8, 2016 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum  

$10,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable February 24 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum  

$10,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable as follows and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum:  

$5,000
principal due and payable 4/10/2016 or earlier  

$5,000
principal due and payable 3/23/2017  

$2,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable April 15 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$3,600
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable May 13 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

$2,000
lent to the Company by Bostonia Partners is due and payable July 8, 2017 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum.  

As
of August 31, 2016 the Company remains indebted to David R. Koos , the Company s sole officer and director, in the principal
amount of $100 due and payable in whole or in part at the demand of David Koos and bearing simple interest at a rate of 15% per
annum.  

NOTE
6.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

As
of August 31, 2016 the Company remains indebted to David R. Koos , the Company s sole officer and director, in the principal
amount of $100 due and payable in whole or in part at the demand of David Koos and bearing simple interest at a rate of 15% per
annum.  

As
of August 31, 2016 the Company remains indebted to Regen Biopharma, Inc. in the principal amount of $12,051  due and payable
in whole or in part at the demand of Regen Biopharma, Inc and bearing simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum. David Koos,
the Company s Chairman and CEO, is also the Chairman and CEO of Regen of Regen Biopharma, Inc.  

On
October 1, 2014 Regen Biopharma Inc. entered into an agreement to sublease approximately 2,320 square feet of office space from
the Company. Entest Biomedical Inc. is under common control with Regen Biopharma, Inc. as the Chairman and CEO of the Company
also serves as the Chairman and CEO of Regen Biopharma, Inc. The sublease is on a month to month basis and rent payable to the
Company by Regen Biopharma Inc is equal to the rent payable to the lessor by the Company and is to be paid in at such time specified
in accordance with the original lease agreement between the Company and the lessor. On January 20, 2015 the sublease was
amended retroactive to January 1, 2015 as follows:  

The
rent payable to Entest BioMedical, Inc. by the subtenant is equal to Five Thousand Dollars per month ($5,000) and is to be paid
in at such time specified in accordance with the original lease agreement between the Entest BioMedical, Inc. ( Entest )
and the lessor. All charges for utilities connected with premises which are to be paid under the master lease shall be paid by
Regen Biopharma, Inc. for the term of this sublease to the extent that such charges exceed the difference between the rent payable
to the lessor by Entest under the master lease and the rent payable to Entest by Regen Biopharma, Inc.  

On
June 23, 2015 Regen Biopharma, Inc. (  Regen ) entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with Zander whereby
Regen granted to Zander an exclusive worldwide right and license for the development and commercialization of certain intellectual
property controlled by Regen (  License IP ) for non-human veterinary therapeutic use for a term of fifteen years.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen one-time, non-refundable, upfront payment of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000)
as a license initiation fee which must be paid within 90 days of June 23, 2015 and an annual non-refundable payment of one hundred
thousand US dollars ($100,000) on July 15 th , 2016 and each subsequent anniversary of the effective date of the Agreement.  

The
abovementioned payments may be made, at Zander s discretion, in cash or newly issued common stock of Zander or in common
stock of Entest BioMedical Inc. valued as of the lowest closing price on the principal exchange upon which said common stock trades
publicly within the 14 trading days prior to issuance.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen royalties equal to four percent (4%) of the Net Sales , as such term is defined in
the Agreement, of any Licensed Products, as such term is defined in the Agreement, in a Quarter.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander will pay Regen ten percent (10%) of all consideration (in the case of in-kind consideration, at fair
market value as monetary consideration) received by Zander from sublicensees ( excluding royalties from sublicensees based on
Net Sales of any Licensed Products for which Regen receives payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement).  

Zander
is obligated pay to Regen minimum annual royalties of ten thousand US dollars ($10,000) payable per year on each anniversary of
the Effective Date of this Agreement, commencing on the second anniversary of June 23, 2015. This minimum annual royalty is only
payable to the extent that royalty payments made during the preceding 12-month period do not exceed ten thousand US dollars ($10,000).  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Regen:  

If
Zander has not sold any Licensed Product by ten years of the effective date of the Agreement or Zander has not sold any Licensed
Product for any twelve (12) month period after Zander s first commercial sale of a Licensed Product.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if by five years from the date of execution of the
Agreement a patent has not been granted by the United States patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that License
IP.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if a patent that has been granted by the United States
patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that License IP is terminated.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by either party in the event of a material breach by the other party.  

On
September 28, 2015 the Company issued 8,000,000 of its common shares to Regen in satisfaction of the license initiation fee.  

NOTE
7.  INCOME TAXES   

As
of  August 31, 2016  the Company has a Deferred Tax Asset of $ 2,522,374 completely attributable to net operating
loss carry forwards of approximately $7,418,746 (which expire 20 years from the date the loss was incurred) consisting of:  

(a)      $13,647
                                         of Net Operating Loss carry forwards acquired in the reverse acquisition of Entest BioMedical,
                                         Inc., a California corporation, and  

(b)      $7,405,099
                                         of Net Operating Loss carry forwards attributable to Entest BioMedical, Inc.  

Realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences
and carry forwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is  more
likely-than-not  that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In addition, the reverse acquisition in which Entest BioMedical,
Inc. was involved in 2009 has resulted in a change of control.  Internal Revenue Code Sec 382 limits the amount of income
that may be offset by net operating loss (NOL) carryovers after an ownership change. As a result, the Company has recorded a valuation
allowance reducing all deferred tax assets to $ -0-.  

Income
tax is calculated at the 34% Federal Corporate Rate.  

NOTE
8.  ACQUISITION OF ENTEST CA   

On
July 10, 2009 the Company acquired 100% of Entest CA, a California corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, from
BMSN for consideration consisting of (a) the issuance to BMSN of 10,000,000 newly issued common shares of Entest and (b) the return
by Mr. Rick Plote of 10,000,000 shares of Entest s common stock previously issued to him by Entest for cancellation.  

NOTE
9.  ACQUISITION OF THE ASSETS OF PET POINTERS, INC.   

On
January 4, 2011 Entest CA acquired from Pet Pointers, Inc., a California corporation doing business as McDonald Animal Hospital
( Seller ), and Dr. Gregory McDonald DVM ( McDonald ) all the goodwill from McDonald and assets of Seller
except cash and accounts receivables used in connection with the operation of a veterinary medical clinic located at 225 S. Milpas
Street, Santa Barbara, CA 93103 (the  Business ).  

Consideration
for the acquisition consisted of:  

I.
$70,000 in cash  

II.
$210,000 of the Company s common shares valued at the closing price per share as of January 4, 2011  

III.
Payment of no more than $78,000 to a creditor of the Seller to be paid in monthly installments of $1,500 per month  

IV.
Payment of no more than $25,000 to additional creditors of the Seller to be paid in monthly installments of $825 per month  

V.
Payment of $50,000 to McDonald on the first business day of the fourth month following the closing of the acquisition ( Closing ).  

NOTE
10. DISPOSITION OF THE ASSETS OF PET POINTERS, INC.   

On
November 28, 2012 the  Company executed an agreement ( Agreement ) with Gregory McDonald ( McDonald ),
Pet Pointers, Inc. ( Pet Pointer ) whereby Mc Donald and Pet Pointer would acquire from the Company all assets (with
the exception of cash and accounts receivable) utilized by the Company in the operation of the McDonald Animal Hospital, a full
service veterinary clinic owned and operated by the Company and located in Santa Barbara, California ( McDonald Asset Sale ).  

  On
October 10, 2012 a Complaint ( Complaint ) was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California against the
Company and David Koos by McDonald, a former employee of the Company, alleging breach of contract and breach of the covenant of
good faith and dealing in connection with the assumption of lease obligations by the Company in connection with the acquisition
of the assets of Pet Pointers, Inc breach of contract and breach of the covenant of good faith and dealing in connection with
an employment agreement enters into with McDonald inc connection with the Acquisition, breach of contract in connection with the
Acquisition purchase agreement, breach of the covenant of good faith and dealing in connection with the Acquisition purchase agreement,
implied indemnity in connection to amounts owed by McDonald to Anthony and Judi Marinelli, the Internal Revenue Service, and the
California Franchise Tax Board, intentional misrepresentation, negligent misrepresentation , failure to pay wages and violations
of Sections 2802, 203, and 2806 of the California Labor Code. The Complaint sought judgment for nominal damages, actual damages,
compensatory damages, lost wages, compensation, expenses wage benefits and penalties pursuant to California Labor Code Sections
203 et al, 2802 and 2806, indemnification, accrued interest, punitive damages, costs of suit and attorney s fees.  

  As
consideration to the Company for the assets acquired, McDonald and Pet Pointers provided to the Company a General release whereby
McDonald and Pet Pointer waive, release and discharge the Company and their respective assignees, officers, directors, shareholders,
boards, owners, employees, attorneys, agents, trustors, trustees, beneficiaries, heirs, successors, and representatives from all
known and unknown claims, demands, causes of action, attorney's fees, costs, or expenses including:   

(1)
All claims relating to the Complaint.  

  (2)
Those owed by McDonald to Anthony and Judi Marinelli which the Company became obligated to pay on McDonald s behalf pursuant
to the asset purchase agreement entered into between the Company and Gregory McDonald and Pet Pointers, Inc on January 4, 2011.  

  (3)
Those amounts owed by McDonald to the Internal Revenue Service which the Company became obligated to pay on McDonald s behalf
pursuant to the asset purchase agreement entered into between the Company and Gregory McDonald and Pet Pointers, Inc on January
4, 2011.  

  (4)
Those amounts owed by McDonald to the California Franchise Tax Board which the Company became obligated to pay on McDonald s
behalf pursuant to the asset purchase agreement entered into between the Company and Gregory McDonald and Pet Pointers, Inc on
January 4, 2011.  

  Assets
disposed of pursuant to the Agreement include approximately $4,840 of Property Plant and Equipment net of accumulated depreciation
as well as all inventory held at the McDonald Animal Hospital.  

Assets
disposed of pursuant to the Agreement also include   

(i)
Essentially all intellectual property, including computer software, utilized in connection with the operation of the McDonald
Animal Hospital  

  (ii)
All telephone numbers, fax numbers, service marks, trademarks, trade names, fictitious business names, websites, business email
addresses, vendor lists, promotional materials, vendor records and any and all business records including, but not limited to,
such items stored in computer memories, microfiche, paper record or by any other means relevant to the operation of the McDonald
Animal Hospital.  

  (iii)
All customer lists, customer contacts, and any and all customer records that are related to the McDonald Animal Hospital.  

  As
a result of the agreement, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax charge for the impairment of goodwill recorded in connection
with the acquisition of the McDonald Animal Hospital of approximately $405,000 for the quarter ended November 30, 2012.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Company is obligated to make payment of $13,000 within five days of the Closing of the Agreement as such
term is defined in the Agreement.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, the Company agrees to waive, release and discharge McDonald and Pet Pointer from all known and unknown claims,
demands, causes of action, attorney's fees, costs, or expenses.  

NOTE
11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

On
November 1, 2011, the Company entered into an agreement to lease approximately 2,320 square feet of office space beginning December
1, 2011 for a period of five years.  

Rent
to be charged to the Company pursuant to the lease is as follows:  

$2,996
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2011 and ending November 30, 2012  

  $3,116
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2012 and ending November 30, 2013  

  $3,241
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2013 and ending November 30, 2014  

  $3,371
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2014 and ending November 30, 2015  

  $3,506
per month for the period beginning December 1, 2015 and ending November 30, 2016  

This
property is utilized as office space. The Company believes that the foregoing property is adequate to meet its current needs.
While it is anticipated that the Company will require access to laboratory facilities in the future, the Company believes that
access to such facilities are available from a variety of sources.   

NOTE
12. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY   

The
stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of August 31 , 2016:  

Common
Stock:  

$0.0001
par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized and 40,170,472 shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2016.  

Preferred
Stock:  

$0.0001
par value 5,000,000 shares authorized of which:  

Upon
any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary (collectively, a  Liquidation ),
before any distribution or payment shall be made to any of the holders of Common Stock or any other series of preferred stock,
the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company, whether such assets are
capital, surplus or earnings, an amount equal to $0.10 per share of Series B Preferred Stock (the  Liquidation Amount )
plus all declared and unpaid dividends thereon, for each share of Series B Preferred Stock held by them.  

If,
upon any Liquidation, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to pay the Liquidation Amount, together with declared and
unpaid dividends thereon, in full to all holders of Series B Preferred Stock, then the entire net assets of the Company shall
be distributed among the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would
otherwise be respectively entitled and such distributions may be made in cash or in property taken at its fair value (as determined
in good faith by the Board), or both, at the election of the Board..  

Non
Voting Convertible Preferred Stock having a $1.00 par value:  

200,000
shares authorized of which 0 shares are issued and outstanding as of  August 31, 2016 .  

Non
Voting Convertible Preferred Stock shall convert at the option of the holder into shares of the corporation s common stock
at a conversion price equal to seventy percent (70%) of the lowest Closing Price for the five (5) trading days immediately preceding
written receipt by the corporation of the holder s intent to convert.  

CLOSING
PRICE  shall mean the closing bid price for the corporation s common stock on the Principal Market on a Trading Day
as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P.  

PRINCIPAL
MARKET  shall mean the principal trading exchange or market for the corporation s common stock.  

TRADING
DAY  shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.  

On
July 2, 2015 the Company filed a Certificate of Change with the Nevada Secretary of State authorizing changes to the Company s
Articles of Incorporation.  

The
changes are as follows:  

(i)
Authorized common shares have been reduced from 6,000,000,000 to 500,000,000 authorized shares.  

(ii)
A 1 for 150 reverse stock split of all issued series of stock with the exception of the Corporation s authorized Non Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock. One share of Common Stock will be issued after the exchange for one hundred and fifty shares of Common
Stock issued. One share of each series of preferred Stock (with the exception of the Corporation s authorized Non Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock) will be issued after the exchange for one hundred and fifty shares of each series of Preferred Stock
issued  

The
changes became effective July 27, 2015.  

NOTE
13. STOCK TRANSACTIONS   

During
the year ended August 31, 2016:  

On
September 28, 2015 the Company issued 8,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock in satisfaction of a license initiation
fee due pursuant to that agreement by and between Zander and Regen Biopharma, Inc. ( Note 6).  

NOTE
14. CHANGES AFFECTING COMPARIBILITY   

  Within
the Company s Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended August 31, 2015 and August 31, 2016 the line item
entitled  Increase (Decrease) in Additional paid in Capital  which represents Restricted Stock Award compensation
expense recognized for the periods on Restricted Stock Awards issued to employees and consultants on April 5 2012 is presented
as an adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities. The Company s previously released Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended August 31, 2015 presented the same line item as a financing activity. Management has
determined that such presentation does not best reflect the nature of the expense incurred and has adjusted the prior period accordingly.  

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

During the Registrant's most two most recent fiscal years there were
no disagreements with Seale and Beers, Certified Public Accountants LLC ( S B ) , the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm until September 21, 2016, whether or not resolved, on any matter of accounting principles
or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved to S B s satisfaction,
would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report on the Registrant's
financial statements.   

During
the Registrant's most two most recent fiscal years there were no disagreements with AMC Auditing ( AMC ) , the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm from September 21, 2016 to the present, whether or not resolved, on any matter of
accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved
to AMC s satisfaction, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with
its report on the Registrant's financial statements.  

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures   

a)
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.  

The
principal executive officer and principal financial officer have evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
as of August 31, 2016. Based on this evaluation, they have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective
to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s
rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. David Koos is the Company s CEO and acting CFO. He functions as the Company s principal
executive officer and principal financial officer.  

b)
Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting.  

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Rule 13a-15(f) defines internal control over financial
reporting as follows:  

The
term internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer's
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the issuer's board
of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:  

Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the issuer;  

Provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and  

Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s management
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only a reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure
controls and procedures are met.  

The
Company s management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2010 based
on the framework in  Internal Control over Financial Reporting   Guidance for Smaller Public Companies (2006) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  Based on its assessment, management believes that,
as of August 31, 2010, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective.  

Management's
report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management's report in this annual report. This exemption for
smaller reporting companies provided under the temporary rules referenced above has been made permanent under Section 989G of
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.  

(c)
There have been no changes during the quarter ended August 31, 2016 in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.  

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   

On
June 19, 2009 the Board of Directors of  the Company elected David R. Koos, 52,  a director of the Company and appointed
Dr. Koos President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer of the Company.
Dr. Koos resigned as Chief Financial Officer on March 31, 2010 and assumed the position of Acting Chief Financial Officer and
Principal Accounting Officer on August 8, 2011 upon the resignation of Tammy L. Reynolds who served as Chief Financial Officer
from the period from March 31, 2010 to August 8, 2011.  

Dr.
Koos has served as Chairman, CEO, President, Secretary, and Acting CFO of the BMSN since June 19, 2006, and as Chairman CEO, President,
Secretary, and Acting CFO of Entest CA since August 22, 2008  

  education:  

DBA
- Finance (December 2003)  

  Atlantic
International University  

Ph.D.
- Sociology (September 2003)  

  Atlantic
International University  

MA
- Sociology (June 1983)  

  University
of California - Riverside, California  

Five
Year Employment History:   

*
As of November 15, 2016 Bio-Matrix Scientific Group Inc. owned 66,667 common shares of the Company  

  As
of November 15, 2016 Regen Biopharma owns 8,000,000 common shares of the Company  

**
Amerivet Securities Inc. has not been active during the period as the Chief Executive Officer was on deployment in Iraq through
the U.S. Army Reserves.  

Code
of Ethics   

On
November 11, 2009 we adopted a Code of Ethics pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

Director
Independence   

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert   

The
sole member of the Company s board of Directors may not be considered independent as he is also its sole officer. The
Company is not a  listed company  under Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules and is therefore
not required to have an audit committee comprised of independent directors. The Company does not currently have an audit committee,
however, for certain purposes of the rules and regulations of the SEC and in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the
Company s  Board of Directors is deemed to be its  audit committee and as such functions as an audit
committee and performs some of the same functions as an audit committee including: (1) selection and oversight of our independent
accountant; (2) establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal
controls and auditing matters; and (3) engaging outside advisors. The Board of Directors has determined that its member is  able
to read and understand fundamental financial statements and has substantial business experience that results in that member's
financial sophistication. Accordingly, the Board of Directors believes that its member has  the sufficient knowledge
and experience necessary to fulfill the duties and obligations that an audit committee would have.  

Nominating
and Compensation Committees   

  The
Company does not have standing nominating or compensation committees, or committees performing similar functions. The board
of directors believes that it is not necessary to have a compensation committee at this time because the functions of such committee
are adequately performed by the board of directors. The board of directors also is of the view that it is appropriate for the
Company not to have a standing nominating committee because the board of directors has performed and will perform adequately the
functions of a nominating committee. The Company is not a  listed company  under SEC rules and is therefore
not required to have a compensation committee or a nominating committee.  

Shareholder
Communications   

There
has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors.
There are no specific, minimum qualifications that the board of directors believes must be met by a candidate recommended by the
board of directors. Currently, the entire board of directors decides on nominees, on the recommendation of any member of the board
of directors followed by the board s review of the candidates  resumes and interview of candidates. Based on the information
gathered, the board of directors then makes a decision on whether to recommend the candidates as nominees for director. The Company
does not pay any fee to any third party or parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying or evaluating potential nominee.  

Because management
and the Board of Directors  of the Company are the same people, the Board of Directors has determined not to adopt
a formal methodology for communications from shareholders on the belief that any communication would be brought to the Board of
Directors  attention by virtue of the co-extensive capacities of the Board of Directors.  

Executive
Compensation   

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE   

*  Includes $120,000 in salary earned by David Koos which was accrued but unpaid for the fiscal year ended August 31,
2015   

  **
Includes 120,000  in salary earned by David Koos which was accrued but unpaid for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016  

  ****
On July 31, 2105 the Company issued to David Koos 14,800,000 Common Shares with a fair value of $193,880 in satisfaction of $14,800
of salary accrued but unpaid  

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

The
following table sets forth information known to the Company with respect to the beneficial ownership of each class of the Company s
capital stock as of November 15, 2016 for (1) each person known by the Company to beneficially own more than 5% of each class
of the Company s voting securities, (2) each executive officer, (3) each of the Company s directors and
(4) all of the Company s executive officers and directors as a group. As of November 18, 2015 the Company had 40,170,472  common
shares outstanding, 28,009 Series B Preferred Shares outstanding , 667 Series AA Preferred Shares outstanding, and 533 Series
AAA Preferred Shares outstanding  

Based
on 40,170,472 shares issued and outstanding as of  November 15, 2016     

*Includes
66,667 common shares owned by Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. (David Koos is CEO, President and Chairman of Bio-Matrix Scientific
Group, Inc.). Includes 8,000,000 common shares owned by Regen Biopharma, Inc. (David Koos is CEO and Chairman of Regen Biopharma,
Inc.)  

Based
on 28,009 shares issued and outstanding as of  November 15, 2016     

*Includes
8,334 Series B Preferred  shares owned by Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc. (David Koos is CEO, President and Chairman of
Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, Inc.).  

Based
on 667 shares issued and outstanding as of  November 15, 2016     

Title
    of Class       
      Name
    and Address of Beneficial Owner       
      Amount
    and Nature      of Beneficial
    Owner        
      Percent
    of Class   
 
      Series
    AA Preferred Shares       
      David R.
    Koos     C/o Entest Bio Medical
    Inc., Inc    4700 SPRING STREET, SUITE 203, LA MESA, CALIFORNIA,
    91942        
           667            
           100    %   

Series
    AA Preferred Shares       
      All Officers and Directors
        As a Group        
           667            
           100    %   

Based
on 533 shares issued and outstanding as of  November 15, 2016     

Title
    of Class       
      Name
    and Address of Beneficial Owner       
      Amount
    and Nature      of Beneficial
    Owner        
      Percent
    of Class   
 
      Series
    AAA Preferred Shares       
      David
    R. Koos     C/o Entest Bio Medical
    Inc., Inc    4700 SPRING STREET, SUITE 203, LA MESA, CALIFORNIA,
    91942        
           533            
           100    %   

Series
    AAA Preferred Shares       
      All
    Officers and Directors     As
    a Group        
           533            
           100    %   

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

During
the year ended August 31, 2016 , David Koos loaned the Company $100 . These loans are due and payable at the demand of David Koos
and bear simple interest at a rate of 15% per annum. During the years ended August 31, 2016 the Company repaid Davis Koos $29,488
of principal indebtedness owed to Koos by the Company.  

As
of August 31, 2016 the Company remains indebted to David R. Koos in the principal amount of $100  due and payable at the
demand of David  Koos and bearing simple interest at a rate of 15% per annum.  

As
of August 31, 2016 the Company is indebted to Regen Biopharma Inc., a company under common control with Entest, in the amount
of $12,051. This amount is due and payable in whole or in part at the demand of Regen Biopharma, Inc and bears simple interest
at a rate of 10% per annum.  

On
October 1, 2014 Regen Biopharma Inc. entered into an agreement to sublease approximately 2,320 square feet of office space from
the Company. Entest Biomedical Inc. is under common control with Regen Biopharma, Inc. as the Chairman and CEO of the Company
also serves as the Chairman and CEO of Regen Biopharma, Inc. The sublease is on a month to month basis and rent payable to the
Company by Regen Biopharma Inc is equal to the rent payable to the lessor by the Company and is to be paid in at such time specified
in accordance with the original lease agreement between the Company and the lessor. On January 20, 2015 the sublease was
amended retroactive to January 1, 2015 as follows:  

The
rent payable to Entest BioMedical, Inc. by the subtenant is equal to Five Thousand Dollars per month ($5,000) and is to be paid
in at such time specified in accordance with the original lease agreement between the Entest BioMedical, Inc. ( Entest )
and the lessor. All charges for utilities connected with premises which are to be paid under the master lease shall be paid by
Regen Biopharma, Inc. for the term of this sublease to the extent that such charges exceed the difference between the rent payable
to the lessor by Entest under the master lease and the rent payable to Entest by Regen Biopharma, Inc. As of August 31, 2016,
Regen Biopharma Inc owes the Company the amount of $15,000 of accrued rent.  

On
June 23, 2015 Regen Biopharma, Inc. (  Regen ) entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with Zander whereby
Regen granted to Zander an exclusive worldwide right and license for the development and commercialization of certain intellectual
property controlled by Regen (  License IP ) for non-human veterinary therapeutic use for a term of fifteen years.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen one-time, non-refundable, upfront payment of one hundred thousand US dollars ($100,000)
as a license initiation fee which must be paid within 90 days of June 23, 2015 and an annual non-refundable payment of one hundred
thousand US dollars ($100,000) on on July 15 th , 2016 and each subsequent anniversary of the effective date of the Agreement.  

The
abovementioned payments may be made, at Zander s discretion, in cash or newly issued common stock of Zander or in common
stock of Entest BioMedical Inc. valued as of the lowest closing price on the principal exchange upon which said common stock trades
publicly within the 14 trading days prior to issuance.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander shall pay to Regen royalties equal to four percent (4%) of the Net Sales , as such term is defined in
the Agreement, of any Licensed Products, as such term is defined in the Agreement, in a Quarter.  

Pursuant
to the Agreement, Zander will pay Regen ten percent (10%) of all consideration (in the case of in-kind consideration, at fair
market value as monetary consideration) received by Zander from sublicensees ( excluding royalties from sublicensees based on
Net Sales of any Licensed Products for which Regen receives payment pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement).  

Zander
is obligated pay to Regen minimum annual royalties of ten thousand US dollars ($10,000) payable per year on each anniversary of
the Effective Date of this Agreement, commencing on the second anniversary of June 23, 2015. This minimum annual royalty is only
payable to the extent that royalty payments made during the preceding 12-month period do not exceed ten thousand US dollars ($10,000).  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Regen:  

If
Zander has not sold any Licensed Product by ten years of the effective date of the Agreement or Zander has not sold any Licensed
Product for any twelve (12) month period after Zander s first commercial sale of a Licensed Product.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if by five years from the date of execution of the
Agreement a patent has not been granted by the United States patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that License
IP.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by Zander with regard to any of the License IP if a patent that has been granted by the United States
patent and Trademark Office to Regen with regard to that License IP is terminated.  

The
Agreement may be terminated by either party in the event of a material breach by the other party.  

On
September 28, 2015 the Company issued 8,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock to Regen Biopharma, Inc. in satisfaction
of that license initiation fee due and payable to Regen Biopharma, Inc. pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  

On
September 8, 2016 the Company paid $17,000 as partial payment of a $100,000 obligation incurred pursuant to the Agreement.   

   Director
Independence   

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert   

The
Company s  sole director may not be considered independent as  he is also an  officer. The
Company is not a  listed company  under Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules and is therefore
not required to have an audit committee comprised of independent directors. The Company does not currently have an audit committee,
however, for certain purposes of the rules and regulations of the SEC and in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the
Company s  Board of Directors is deemed to be its  audit committee and as such functions as an audit
committee and performs some of the same functions as an audit committee including: (1) selection and oversight of our independent
accountant; (2) establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal
controls and auditing matters; and (3) engaging outside advisors. The Board of Directors has determined that its sole member is
able to read and understand fundamental financial statements and has substantial business experience that results in the member's
financial sophistication. Accordingly, the Board of Directors believes that its member has the sufficient knowledge and experience
necessary to fulfill the duties and obligations that an audit committee would have.  

Nominating
and Compensation Committees   

The
Company does not have standing nominating or compensation committees, or committees performing similar functions. The Board
of Directors believes that it is not necessary to have a compensation committee at this time because the functions of such committee
are adequately performed by the board of directors. The Board of Directors also is of the view that it is appropriate for the
Company not to have a standing nominating committee because the Board of Directors has performed and will perform adequately the
functions of a nominating committee. The Company is not a  listed company  under SEC rules and is therefore
not required to have a compensation committee or a nominating committee.  

Shareholder
Communications   

There
has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors.
There are no specific, minimum qualifications that the board of directors believes must be met by a candidate recommended by the
board of directors. Currently, the entire board of directors decides on nominees, on the recommendation of any member of the board
of directors followed by the board s review of the candidates  resumes and interview of candidates. Based on the information
gathered, the board of directors then makes a decision on whether to recommend the candidates as nominees for director. The Company
does not pay any fee to any third party or parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying or evaluating potential nominee.  

The
Board of Directors has determined not to adopt a formal methodology for communications from shareholders on the belief that any
communication would be brought to the board of directors  attention by virtue of communication with management  

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services   

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us by Seale and Beers , CPAs during the period beginning September 1,
2015 and ending August 31, 2016:  

Audit
Fees:  Aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements.  

Audit
Related Fees:    Aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for assurance and related services that
were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under  Audit
Fees  above. During the year ended August 31, 2016 these fees were primarily derived from review of financial statements
in the Company's Form 10Q Reports.  

All
services listed were pre-approved by the Board of Directors, functioning as the Audit Committee in accordance with Section 2(a)
3 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

The
Board has considered whether the services described above are compatible with maintaining the independent accountant's independence
and has determined that such services have not adversely affected the independence of Seale and Beers , CPAs.  

Item
15. Exhibit Index   

EXHIBIT
INDEX  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Entest
    BioMedical, Inc.    

By:  
       /s/David
    R. Koos      

Name:
    David R. Koos   

Title:
                                    President, Chairman, Chief  
          Executive
        Officer    

Date:
    November 22, 2016.   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on November 25, 2014.  

By:  
       /s/ David
    R. Koos     

Name:
    David R. Koos   

Title:
    President, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer   

Date:
    November 22, 2016.   

<EX-10.45>
 2
 ex10_45.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.45

Exhibit
10.45  

AGREEMENT
BY AND BETWEEN REGEN BIOPHARMA, INC. AND ZANDER THERAPEUTICS, INC.   

   Dated
June 15, 2016   

WHEREAS,
REGEN BIOPHARMA, INC. ( REGEN ) AND ZANDER THERAPEUTICS, INC. ( ZANDER ) ARE PARTIES TO THAT AGREEMENT
DATED JUNE 23, 2015 WITH ZANDER WHEREBY REGEN GRANTED TO ZANDER AN EXCLUSIVE WORLDWIDE RIGHT AND LICENSE FOR THE DEVELOPMENT AND
COMMERCIALIZATION OF CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CONTROLLED BY REGEN ( LICENSE AGREEMENT ).  

  WHEREAS
THE LICENSE AGREEMENT OBLIGATES ZANDER TO PAY TO REGEN A NON-REFUNDABLE PAYMENT OF ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND US DOLLARS ($100,000)
ON THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.  

  WHEREAS
REGEN AND ZANDER WISH TO AMEND THE DUE DATE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED NON-REFUNDABLE PAYMENT OF ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND US DOLLARS ($100,000)
ON THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT ( FIRST ANNIVERSARY PAYMENT ) .  

  THEREFORE,
IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS:  

  THE
FIRST ANNIVERSARY PAYMENT SHALL BE DUE AND PAYABLE ON JULY 15, 2016.  

  EACH
PARTY HEREBY IS DULY ORGANIZED, VALIDLY EXISTING AND IN GOOD STANDING UNDER THE LAWS OF THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY
HAS THE FULL RIGHT AND POWER TO ENTER INTO AND PERFORM ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH HAS DULY AUTHORIZED, EXECUTED
AND DELIVERED THIS AGREEMENT WHICH IS BINDING UPON, AND ENFORCEABLE AGAINST, EACH PARTY IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS TERMS. TO THE BEST
KNOWLEDGE OF EACH PARTY THERE IS NO ACTION AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, NO ARBITRATION PROCEEDING AND NO ACTION, PROCEEDING, COMPLAINT
OR INVESTIGATION BEFORE OR BY ANY FEDERAL, FOREIGN, STATE OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT OR REGULATORY COMMISSION, AGENCY OR OTHER ADMINISTRATIVE
OR REGULATORY BODY OR AUTHORITY PENDING OR THREATENED AGAINST OR AFFECTING EITHER PARTY ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, BUSINESS OR AFFAIRS
THAT WILL AFFECT THE SET OVER OF THE ASSIGNED PATENT AND THE EQUITABLE CONSIDERATION, AS STATED HEREIN.  

  ALL
QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED
AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF
LAW THEREOF. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN CALIFORNIA
FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISCUSSED
HEREIN AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY
SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT, THAT SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER OR INCONVENIENT VENUE FOR SUCH
PROCEEDING. IF EITHER PARTY SHALL COMMENCE AN ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE ANY PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN THE PREVAILING
PARTY IN SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE REIMBURSED BY THE OTHER PARTY FOR ITS ATTORNEYS  FEES AND OTHER COSTS AND EXPENSES
INCURRED WITH THE INVESTIGATION, PREPARATION AND PROSECUTION OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING.  

  ALL
QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED
AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF
LAW THEREOF. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN CALIFORNIA
FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISCUSSED
HEREIN AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY
SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT, THAT SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER OR INCONVENIENT VENUE FOR SUCH
PROCEEDING. IF EITHER PARTY SHALL COMMENCE AN ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE ANY PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN THE PREVAILING
PARTY IN SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE REIMBURSED BY THE OTHER PARTY FOR ITS ATTORNEYS  FEES AND OTHER COSTS AND EXPENSES
INCURRED WITH THE INVESTIGATION, PREPARATION AND PROSECUTION OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING.  

REGEN
    BIOPHARMA INC.   
      ZANDER
    THERAPEUTICS INC.   

By:
     /s/David R. Koos   
      By:  /s/David
    R. Koos    

David
    R. Koos  
      David
    R. Koos    
 
      Chairman
      CEO   
      Chairman
      CEO   

</EX-10.45>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

PCAOB
Registered Auditors   www.sealebeers.com   

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM    

We
consent to the use, in the statement on Form 10K of Entest BioMedical, Inc. of our report dated November 23, 2015 on our audit
of the financial statements of Entest BioMedical, Inc. as of August 31, 2015 and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity and cash flows for the years ended August 31, 2015 and the reference to us under the caption  Experts .  

/s/
Seale and Beers, CPAs    

Seale
and Beers, CPAs  

  Las
Vegas, Nevada  

  November
22, 2016  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, David R. Koos, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016 of Entest BioMedical, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant s, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

 (b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles: 

 (c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 (d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
function): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

  (b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 22, 2016  
       
      By:  
        /s/ David R. Koos        

David R. Koos   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, David R. Koos, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016 of Entest BioMedical, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant s, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 (b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles: 

 (c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

 (d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
function): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

 (b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
    November 22, 2016  
       
      By:  
        /s/ David R. Koos        

David R. Koos   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 332.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual
Report of Entest BioMedical, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David R. Koos, Chief Executive Officer certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

  (2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated:
    November 22, 2016  
       
      By:  
        /s/ David R. Koos        

David R. Koos   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual
Report of Entest BioMedical, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, David R. Koos, Chief Financial Officer certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

 (2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
    November 22, 2016  
       
      By:  
        /s/ David R. Koos        

David R. Koos   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 entb-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 entb-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 entb-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 entb-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 entb-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 entb-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

