<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1575515_0001564590-16-027193_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5686225</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92847</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>223716</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1320254</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1931616</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1266401</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027193.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103091115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027193
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161002
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001575515
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-GROCERY STORES [5411]
		IRS NUMBER:				320331600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0103

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36029
		FILM NUMBER:		161970354

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5455 E. HIGH ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 111
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-814-8016

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5455 E. HIGH ST.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 111
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130426

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027193.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 sfm-10q_20161002.htm
 FORM 10-Q

sfm-10q_20161002.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended October 2, 2016 
 Commission File Number: 001-36029 

Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware   
 
  32-0331600   

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

5455 East High Street, Suite 111 
  Phoenix, Arizona 85054  
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
  (480) 814-8016  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No       
 As of November 2, 2016, there were outstanding 142,329,212 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value per share. 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 2, 2016 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Financial Statements.    
 
 1  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 2, 2016 and January 3, 2016 (unaudited)    
 
 1  

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 (unaudited)    
 
 2  

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 and the year ended January 3, 2016 (unaudited)    
 
 3  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 (unaudited)    
 
 4  

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 5  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    
 
 17  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    
 
 28  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.    
 
 29  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.    
 
 30  

Item 1A. Risk Factors.    
 
 30  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    
 
 30  

Item 6. Exhibits.    
 
 31  

Signatures    
 
 32  

Forward-Looking Statements  
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (referred to as the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (referred to as the  Exchange Act ), including, but not limited to, statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions, strategies, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected expenses, and plans and objectives of management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   might,   plan,   project,   will,   would,   should,   could,   can,   predict,   potential,   continue,   objective,  or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and involve known risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievement to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors  included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2016, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the  Company,   Sprouts,   Sprouts Farmers Market,   we,   us  and  our  refer to Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 

P    ART I - FINANC  IAL INFORMATION  
     Item 1.  Financial Statements 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.   

1 
 
  SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 2 
 
  SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 3 
 
  SPROUTS FAR  MERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (IN THOUSANDS) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 4 
 
  SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
 1. Basis of Presentation 
 Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., a Delaware corporation, through its subsidiaries, operates as a healthy grocery store that offers fresh, natural and organic food through a complete shopping experience that includes fresh produce, bulk foods, vitamins and supplements, packaged groceries, meat and seafood, deli, baked goods, dairy products, frozen foods, natural body care and household items catering to consumers  growing interest in health and wellness. The  Company  is used to refer collectively to Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and unless the context otherwise requires, its subsidiaries. 
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial statements and are in the form prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission in instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. In the opinion of management, the accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair statement of the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods indicated.  All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for any other interim period or for a full fiscal year. The information included in these consolidated financial statements and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included herein and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2016 ( fiscal year 2015 ) included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 25, 2016. 
 The year-end balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. 
 The Company reports its results of operations on a 52- or 53-week fiscal calendar ending on the Sunday closest to December 31. The fiscal year ending January 1, 2017 ( fiscal year 2016 ) is a 52-week year, and fiscal year 2015 was a 53-week year. The Company reports its results of operations on a 13-week quarter, except for 53-week fiscal years. 
 The Company has one reportable and one operating segment. 
 The Company s business is subject to modest seasonality.  Average weekly sales fluctuate throughout the year and are typically highest in the first half of the fiscal year. Produce, which contributed 25% of the Company s net sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016, is generally more available in the first six months of the fiscal year due to the timing of peak growing seasons. 
 All dollar amounts are in thousands, unless otherwise noted. 
   
 5 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

2. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  ASU No. 2014-09 provides guidance for revenue recognition.  The standard s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under current guidance.  These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, and estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price attributable to each separate performance obligation.  Subsequent to the initial standards, the FASB has also issued several ASUs to clarify specific revenue recognition topics. This guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance. 
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  ASU No. 2015-03 requires an entity to present debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. This guidance is effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2016. The new guidance has been applied retrospectively to each prior period presented, and the adoption did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05,  Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement.  ASU No. 2015-05 provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for a cloud computing arrangement as a service contract. This guidance is effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2016. The Company adopted this amendment prospectively and the adoption did not have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.  ASU No. 2015-11 changes the  measurement  principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business; less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. This guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (ASC 842).  ASU No. 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability for all leases with terms greater than twelve months. Recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. The new guidance also requires certain additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures. This guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-04,  Liabilities-Extinguishments of Liabilities (Subtopic 405-20): Recognition of breakage for certain prepaid stored-value products.  ASU No. 2016-04 provides a narrow scope exception to the guidance in Subtopic 405-20 to require that stored-value breakage be accounted for consistently with the breakage guidance in Topic 606. The amendments in this update contain specific guidance for derecognition of prepaid stored-value product liabilities, thereby eliminating the current and potential future diversity. This guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718).  This update involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based transactions, including the  
 6 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
  income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or li  abilities, how to account for forfeitures, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update are effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the poten  tial impact of this guidance.     
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . This update provides clarifications on the cash flow classification for eight specific cash flow issues:  debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (COLIs) (including bank-owned life insurance policies (BOLIs)); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance.  
 No other new accounting pronouncements issued or effective during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 had, or are expected to have, a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
   
 3. Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company records its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the framework for measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP. This framework establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value: 
 Level 1: Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
 Level 2: Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. 
 Level 3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 
 Fair value measurements of nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities are primarily used in the impairment analysis of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets and in the valuation of store closure and exit costs. 
 The determination of fair values of certain tangible and intangible assets for purposes of the Company s goodwill impairment evaluation as described above was based upon a step zero assessment. Closed facility reserves are recorded at net present value to approximate fair value which is classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy. The estimated fair value of the closed facility reserve is calculated based on the present value of the remaining lease payments and other charges using a weighted average cost of capital, reduced by estimated sublease rentals. The weighted average cost of capital was estimated using information from comparable companies and management s judgment related to the risk associated with the operations of the stores. 
 Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued salaries and benefits and other accrued liabilities approximate fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. Based on open market transactions comparable to the Credit Facility (as defined in Note 6,  Long-Term Debt ), the fair value of the long-term debt approximates carrying value as of October 2, 2016 and January 3, 2016. The Company s estimates of the fair value of long-term debt were classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
   
 7 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
  4. Accounts Receivable  
 A summary of accounts receivable is as follows: 

The Company had recorded allowances for certain vendor receivables of $0.1 million at both October 2, 2016 and January 3, 2016. 
   
 5. Accrued Salaries and Benefits 
 A summary of accrued salaries and benefits is as follows: 

6. Long-Term Debt 
 A summary of long-term debt is as follows: 

Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
 April 2015 Refinancing 
 On April 17, 2015, the Company s subsidiary, Sprouts Farmers Markets Holdings, LLC ( Intermediate Holdings ), as borrower, entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) to replace the Company s former credit facility and term loan. The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility with an initial aggregate commitment of $450.0 million (the  Credit Facility ), which may be increased from time to time pursuant to an expansion feature set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 Concurrently with the closing of the Credit Agreement, the Company borrowed $260.0 million to pay off its $257.8 million former term loan (the  April 2015 Refinancing ), and to terminate all commitments under its existing senior secured revolving credit facility, dated April 23, 2013, and to pay transaction costs related to the April 2015 Refinancing. Such repayment resulted in a $5.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt due to the write-off of deferred financing costs and original issue discount. The remaining proceeds of loans made under the Credit Facility were used for general corporate purposes. 
 8 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
  The Company capitalized debt issuance costs of $2.3 million related to the Credit Facility, which are being amortized on a straight-line basis to interest expense over the five  -year term of the Credit Facility.  
 The Credit Agreement also provides for a letter of credit subfacility and a $15.0 million swingline facility. Letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement reduce the borrowing capacity of the Credit Facility. Letters of credit totaling $1.7 million have been issued as of October 2, 2016, primarily to support the Company s insurance programs. 
 Borrowings 
 During the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016, the Company borrowed a total of $45.0 million under the Credit Facility to be used in connection with the Company s $250 million share repurchase program (see Note 11). The Company did not make any additional borrowings during the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. 
 Guarantees 
 Obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company and all of its current and future wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries, and are secured by first-priority security interests in substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiary guarantors, including, without limitation, a pledge by the Company of its equity interest in Intermediate Holdings. 
 Interest and Fees     
 Loans under the Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company s option, either at adjusted LIBOR plus 1.25% per annum, or a base rate plus 0.25% per annum. The interest rate margins are subject to adjustment pursuant to a pricing grid based on the Company s total gross leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company is obligated to pay a commitment fee on the available unused amount of the Credit Facility commitments equal to 0.15% per annum. 
 Outstanding letters of credit under the Credit Facility are subject to a participation fee of 1.25% per annum and an issuance fee of 0.125% per annum. 
 Payments and Borrowings     
 The Credit Facility is scheduled to mature, and the commitments thereunder will terminate on April 17, 2020, subject to extensions as set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Company may repay loans and reduce commitments under the Credit Agreement at any time in agreed-upon minimum principal amounts, without premium or penalty (except LIBOR breakage costs, if applicable). 
 Following the closing of the Credit Facility and the initial borrowing of $260.0 million during 2015, the Company made a total of $100.0 million of principal payments on the Credit Facility. During the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016, the Company borrowed an additional $45.0 million; resulting in total outstanding debt under the Credit Facility of $205.0 million as of October 2, 2016. 
 Covenants     
 The Credit Agreement contains financial, affirmative and negative covenants.  The negative covenants include, among other things, limitations on the Company s ability to: 

incur additional indebtedness;     

grant additional liens;     

enter into sale-leaseback transactions;     

 9 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 

make loans or investments;     

merge, consolidate or enter into acquisitions;     

pay dividends or distributions;     

enter into transactions with affiliates;     

enter into new lines of business;     

modify the terms of debt or other material agreements; and     

change its fiscal year.     

 Each of these covenants is subject to customary and other agreed-upon exceptions. 
 In addition, the Credit Agreement requires that the Company and its subsidiaries maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio not to exceed 3.00 to 1.00 and minimum interest coverage ratio not to be less than 1.75 to 1.00. Each of these covenants is tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter. 
 The Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Credit Agreement as of October 2, 2016. 
   
 7. Closed Facility Reserves 
 The following is a summary of closed facility reserve activity during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 and fiscal year ended January 3, 2016: 

Usage during 2016 relates to lease payments made during the period for closed stores. Additions made during 2015 include remaining lease payments for the corporate support office relocation, and usage during 2015 primarily related to lease payments made during the year for closed stores.         
   
 8. Income Taxes 
 The Company s effective tax rate for the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 was 36.9% and 37.1%, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate is mainly related to an increase in the enhanced deduction for charitable donations of food inventory, partially offset by an increase in the effective state income tax rate. 
 The Company s effective tax rate for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 was 37.7% and 37.8%, respectively. 
 Excess tax benefits associated with stock option exercises and vested restricted stock units are credited to stockholders  equity.  The Company uses the tax law ordering approach of intraperiod allocation to allocate the benefit of windfall tax benefits based on provisions in the tax law that identify the sequence in which those amounts are utilized for tax purposes. The income tax benefits resulting from stock awards that were credited to stockholders  equity were $3.9 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016. The excess tax benefits are not credited to stockholders  equity until the deduction reduces income taxes payable. 
   
 10 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
  9. Related-Party Transactions  
 A member of the Company s board of directors is an investor in a company that is a supplier of coffee to the Company. During the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, purchases from this supplier were $2.1 million and $2.3 million, respectively. During the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, purchases from this company were $7.3 million and $7.1 million, respectively.  At October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, the Company had recorded accounts payable due to this supplier of $0.7 million and $0.7 million, respectively. 
  The Company s Executive Chairman of the Board is the chief executive officer, an equity investor, and lender to a technology supplier to the Company. During the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, purchases from this supplier and its predecessors were $2.2 million and $1.9 million, respectively. During the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, purchases from this supplier and its predecessors were $6.0 million and $5.2 million, respectively. At October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, the Company had recorded accounts payable due to the supplier of $0.5 million and $0.2 million, respectively.  
   
 10. Commitments and Contingencies 
 The Company is exposed to claims and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business and uses various methods to resolve these matters that are believed to best serve the interests of the Company s stakeholders. The Company s primary contingencies are associated with self-insurance obligations. Self-insurance liabilities require significant judgment and actual claim settlements and associated expenses may differ from the Company s current provisions for loss. 
 Securities Action 
 On March 4, 2016, a complaint was filed in the Superior Court for the State of Arizona against the Company and certain of its directors and officers on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of shares of the Company s common stock in the Company s underwritten secondary public offering which closed on March 10, 2015 (the  March 2015 Offering ). The complaint purports to state claims under Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based on an alleged failure by the Company to disclose adequate information about produce price deflation in the March 2015 Offering documents. The complaint seeks damages on behalf of the purported class in an unspecified amount, rescission, and an award of reasonable costs and attorneys  fees. On March 24, 2016, the Company removed the action to federal court in the District of Arizona. On April 18, 2016, the Company filed a motion to remand the case to state court, and that motion is currently under consideration. The Company intends to defend this case vigorously, but it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the outcome of, or any potential liability from, the case. 
   
 11. Stockholders  Equity 
 Share Repurchase  
 On November 4, 2015, the Company s board of directors authorized a $150 million share repurchase program for its common stock, which was completed during the thirteen weeks ended July 3, 2016. On September 6, 2016, the Company s board of directors authorized a new $250 million share repurchase program for its common stock. The following table outlines the share repurchase programs authorized by the Board, and the related repurchase activity and available authorization as of October 2, 2016.  

11 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
  The shares under the Company s repurchase programs may be purchased on a discretionary basis from time to time prior to the applicable expiration date, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, thro  ugh open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, or other means, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The board s authorization of the share repurchase programs does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common s  tock, and the repurchase programs may be commenced, suspended, or discontinued at any time. The Company has used borrowings under its Credit Facility to assist with the repurchase program authorized on September 6, 2016 (see Note 6).  
 Share repurchase activity under the Company s repurchase programs for the periods indicated was as follows: 

Shares purchased under the Company s repurchase programs were subsequently retired. 
   
 12. Net Income Per Share 
 The computation of net income per share is based on the number of weighted average shares outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted net income per share includes the dilutive effect of share equivalents consisting of incremental shares deemed outstanding from the assumed exercise of options, assumed vesting of restricted stock units ( RSUs ), assumed vesting of performance stock awards ( PSAs ), and assumed vesting of restricted stock awards ( RSAs ). 
 A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted net income per share calculations is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

For the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016, the computation of diluted net income per share does not include 2.2 million options, 0.1 million RSUs, and 0.1 million PSAs as those awards would have  
 12 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
  been antidilutive or were unvested performance awards.   For the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015, the computation of diluted net income per share does not include 2.9 million options, 0.1 million RSUs, and 0.1 mill  ion PSAs as those awards would have been antidilutive or were unvested performance awards.         
 For the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016, the computation of diluted net income per share does not include 1.3 million options, 0.1 million RSUs, and 0.1 million PSAs as those awards would have been antidilutive or were unvested performance awards. For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015, the computation of diluted net income per share does not include 0.8 million options and 0.1 million PSAs as those awards would have been antidilutive or were unvested performance awards, 
   
 13. Equity-Based Compensation 
 2013 Incentive Plan 
 The Company s board of directors adopted, and its equity holders approved, the Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan (the  2013 Incentive Plan ). The 2013 Incentive Plan became effective July 31, 2013 in connection with the Company s initial public offering and replaced the Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC Option Plan (the  2011 Option Plan ) (except with respect to outstanding options to acquire shares under the 2011 Option Plan).The 2013 Incentive Plan serves as the umbrella plan for the Company s stock-based and cash-based incentive compensation programs for its directors, officers and other team members. On May 1, 2015, the Company s stockholders approved the material terms of the performance goals under the 2013 Incentive Plan for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 The aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued to team members and directors under the 2013 Incentive Plan may not exceed 10,089,072. Shares subject to awards granted under the 2013 Incentive Plan which are subsequently forfeited, expire unexercised or are otherwise not issued will not be treated as having been issued for purposes of the share limitation. At October 2, 2016, there were 3,588,916 stock awards outstanding and 6,292,391 shares remaining available for issuance under the 2013 Incentive Plan.  
 2011 Option Plan 
 In May 2011, the Company adopted the 2011 Option Plan to provide team members or directors of the Company with options to acquire shares of the Company. The Company had authorized 12,100,000 shares for issuance under the 2011 Option Plan. Options may no longer be issued under the 2011 Option Plan. At October 2, 2016, there were 3,854,113 options outstanding under the 2011 Option Plan. 
 Awards Granted 
 During the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016, the Company granted the following stock-based compensation awards:  

13 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
  Options  
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of options at grant date. Options vest in accordance with the terms set forth in the grant letter and vary depending on if they are time-based or performance-based. 
 Time-based options granted prior to 2016 generally vest ratably over a period of 12 quarters (three years), and time-based options granted in 2016 vest annually over a period of three years.  
 RSUs 
 The fair value of RSUs is based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. RSUs generally vest annually over a period of two or three years from the grant date. 
 PSAs 
 PSAs granted in 2015 are restricted shares that were subject to the Company achieving certain earnings per share performance targets, as well as additional time-vesting conditions. The fair value of PSAs is based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date.  During the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016, the performance conditions with respect to 2015 earnings per share were deemed to have been met, and the PSAs will vest 50 percent at each of the second and third anniversary of the grant date. 
 PSAs granted in 2016 are restricted shares that are subject to the Company achieving certain earnings before interest and taxes ( EBIT ) performance targets on an annual and cumulative basis over a three-year performance period, as well as additional time-vesting conditions. The fair value of these PSAs is based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The EBIT target resets annually for each of the three years during the performance period based on a percentage increase over the previous year s actual EBIT, with each annual performance tranche independent of the previous and next tranche. Cumulative performance is based on the aggregate annual performance targets. Payout of the performance shares will either be 0% or range from 50% to 150% of the target number of shares granted. If the performance conditions are met, PSAs cliff vest on the third anniversary of the grant date.  
 RSAs 
 The fair value of RSAs is based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. RSAs will vest either ratably over a seven quarter period, beginning on December 31, 2016 or cliff vest on June 30, 2018. 
 Equity Award Revisions 
 In connection with the appointments of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President   Chief Operating Officer in August 2015, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors approved a grant of stock options to purchase 1,200,000 and 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $20.98 per share to these officers, respectively (the  August 2015 Options ) pursuant to the 2013 Incentive Plan. The August 2015 Options, taken together with other options granted under the 2013 Incentive Plan to such officers during 2015, exceeded the limit of 500,000 shares which may be granted pursuant to stock options and stock appreciation rights per calendar year to each participant under the 2013 Incentive Plan by 733,439 shares in the case of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and 33,439 shares in the case of the Company s President   Chief Operating Officer (the  Excess Options ).  Accordingly, the Company has determined, and these officers have acknowledged, that the grants of the Excess Options were null and void.   
 In order to satisfy the original intent with respect to these individuals  compensation, on May 23, 2016, the Compensation Committee granted to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President   Chief Operating Officer under the 2013 Incentive Plan options to purchase 386,496 and 33,439 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $24.48 per share, respectively, and 215,251 and  
 14 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
  2,601 RSAs, respectively.   The Company recognized compensation expense of $  1.0   million during   the thirteen weeks ended October 2  , 2016 related to the options and R  SAs granted.     
 Equity-based Compensation Expense 
 Equity-based compensation expense was reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as follows: 

The following equity-based awards were outstanding as of October 2, 2016 and January 3, 2016:  

As of October 2, 2016 total unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding equity-based awards was as follows:  

As of October 2, 2016, the total remaining weighted average recognition period related to outstanding equity-based awards was as follows:  

15 
 
 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
   
  During the thirty-  nine   weeks ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, the Company received $2.  6   million and $6.4 million, respectively, in cash proceeds from the exercise of options.  
   
 14. Subsequent Events 
 Subsequent to October 2, 2016, and through October 31, 2016, the Company repurchased an additional 2.9 million shares of common stock for $60.9 million. The Company borrowed an additional $60.0 million under its Credit Facility that was utilized in these repurchases, resulting in total outstanding debt under the Credit Facility of $265 million as of October 31, 2016. 

16 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 25, 2016 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All dollar amounts included below are in thousands, unless otherwise noted. 
 Business Overview 
 Sprouts Farmers Market operates as a healthy grocery store that offers fresh, natural and organic food that includes fresh produce, bulk foods, vitamins and supplements, packaged groceries, meat and seafood, deli, baked goods, dairy products, frozen foods, body care and natural household items catering to consumers  growing interest in health and wellness. Since our founding in 2002, we have grown rapidly, significantly increasing our sales, store count and profitability. With 250 stores in 13 states as of October 2, 2016, we are one of the largest specialty retailers of fresh, natural and organic food in the United States. 
 At Sprouts, we believe healthy living is a journey and every meal is a choice. The cornerstones of our business are fresh, natural and organic products at compelling prices (which we refer to as  Healthy Living for Less ), an attractive and differentiated shopping experience featuring a broad selection of innovative healthy products, and knowledgeable team members who we believe provide best-in-class customer engagement and product education. 
 Healthy Living for Less . We offer high-quality, fresh, natural and organic products at attractive prices in every department. Consistent with our farmers market heritage, our offering begins with fresh produce, which we source, warehouse and distribute in-house and sell at prices we believe to be significantly below those of other food retailers. In addition, our scale, operating structure and deep industry relationships position us to consistently deliver competitive prices and promote value throughout the store. Based on our experience, we believe we attract a broad customer base, including conventional supermarket customers, and appeal to a much wider demographic than other specialty retailers of natural and organic food. We believe that over time, our compelling prices and product offering convert many  trial  customers into loyal  lifestyle  customers who shop Sprouts with greater frequency and across an increasing number of departments.  
 Attractive, Differentiated Shopping Experience . In a convenient, small-box format (average store size of 28,000 to 30,000 sq. ft.), our stores have a farmers market feel, with a bright, open-air atmosphere to create a comfortable and engaging in-store experience. We strive to be our customers  everyday healthy grocery store. We feature fresh produce and bulk foods at the center of the store surrounded by a complete grocery offering. Consistent with our fresh, natural and organic offering, we choose not to carry most of the traditional, national branded consumer packaged goods generally found at conventional grocery retailers ( e.g. , Doritos, Tide and Lucky Charms). Instead, we offer high-quality, and innovative healthier alternatives that emphasize our focus on fresh, natural and organic products at great values.  
 Customer Engagement and Education . Our commitment to  Healthy Living for Less  is shared by team members throughout the entire organization who are dedicated to our passion for educating and engaging with our customers with the goal of making healthy eating easier and more accessible. We believe our well-trained and engaged team members, as well as the materials we disseminate through our digital and social media platforms, help our customers increasingly understand that they can purchase a wide selection of high-quality, healthy, and great tasting food for themselves and their families at attractive prices by shopping at Sprouts.  
 Outlook 
 We are pursuing a number of strategies designed to continue our growth, including expansion of our store base, continuing positive comparable store sales growth and growing the Sprouts brand. We intend to continue expanding our store base by pursuing new store openings in our existing markets,  
 17 

expanding into adjacent markets and penetrating new markets.   We opened 27 stores and relocated one store during 2015. We expect to continue to expand our store base with 36 store openings planned in fiscal 2016, of which 35 have opened as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Although we plan to expand   our store base primarily through new store openings, we may grow through strategic acquisitions if we identify suitable targets and are able to negotiate acceptable terms and conditions for acquisition. We aim to achieve 14% annual new store growth for at   least the next five years.  
 We also believe we can continue to improve our comparable store sales growth by enhancing our core value proposition and distinctive customer-oriented shopping experience, as well as through expanding and refining our fresh, natural and organic product offerings, our targeted and personalized marketing efforts and our in-store education.  We are committed to growing the Sprouts brand by supporting our stores, product offerings and corporate partnerships, including the expansion of innovative marketing and promotional strategies through print, digital and social media platforms. 
 Our History 
 In 2002, we opened the first Sprouts Farmers Market store in Chandler, Arizona. From our founding in 2002 through January 3, 2016, we continued to open new stores while successfully rebranding 43 Henry s Farmers Market (referred to as  Henry s ) and 39 Sunflower Farmers Market (referred to as  Sunflower ) stores added through acquisitions to the Sprouts banner (referred to as the  Transactions ). These three businesses all trace their lineage back to Henry s Farmers Market and were built with similar store formats and operations including a strong emphasis on value, produce and service in smaller, convenient locations. The consistency of these formats and operations was an important factor that allowed us to rapidly and successfully rebrand and integrate each of these businesses under the Sprouts banner and on a common platform. Since our August 2013 initial public offering, we have continued to expand, adding stores in our existing markets and extending into Kansas, Georgia, Missouri, Alabama and Tennessee. 
 Components of Operating Results 
 We report our results of operations on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to December 31, with each fiscal quarter generally divided into three periods consisting of two four-week periods and one five-week period.  The third quarter of fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were thirteen-week periods ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015, respectively. 
 Net sales 
 We recognize sales revenue at the point of sale, with discounts provided to customers reflected as a reduction in sales revenue. Proceeds from sales of gift cards are recorded as a liability at the time of sale, and recognized as sales when they are redeemed by the customer. In the second quarter of 2015, we determined that we had sufficient data to estimate gift card breakage. We record an allowance for breakage on gift cards based on historical experience. We do not include sales taxes in net sales. 
 We monitor our comparable store sales growth to evaluate and identify trends in our sales performance. Our practice is to include sales from a store in comparable store sales beginning on the first day of the 61st week following the store s opening and to exclude sales from a closed store from comparable store sales beginning on the day of closure. We include sales from an acquired store in comparable store sales on the later of (i) the day of acquisition or (ii) the first day of the 61st week following the store s opening. We also include sales from relocated stores immediately after relocation. These practices may differ from the methods that other retailers use to calculate similar measures. 
 Net sales are affected by store openings and closings and comparable store sales growth. Factors that influence comparable store sales growth and other sales trends include: 

general economic conditions and trends, including levels of disposable income and consumer confidence;     

consumer preferences and buying trends;     

 18 

our ability to identify market trends, and to source and provide product offerings that promote customer traffic and growth in average ticket;     

the number of customer transactions and average ticket;     

the prices of our products, including the effects of inflation and deflation;     

opening new stores in the vicinity of our existing stores;     

advertising, in-store merchandising and other marketing activities; and     

our competition, including competitive store openings in the vicinity of our stores and competitor pricing and merchandising strategies.     

 Cost of sales, buying and occupancy and gross profit 
 Cost of sales includes the cost of inventory sold during the period, including direct costs of purchased merchandise (net of discounts and allowances), distribution and supply chain costs, buying costs and supplies. Merchandise incentives received from vendors are reflected in the carrying value of inventory when earned or as progress is made toward earning the rebate or allowance, and are reflected as a component of cost of sales as the inventory is sold. Inflation and deflation in the prices of food and other products we sell may affect our gross profit. The impact of inflation and deflation is largely dependent on whether or not we pass the effects through to our customers, which will depend upon competitive market conditions. 
 Occupancy costs include store rental, property taxes, utilities, common area maintenance, amortization of favorable and unfavorable leasehold interests and property insurance. Occupancy costs do not include building depreciation, which is classified as a direct store expense. 
 Gross profit is equal to our net sales less our cost of sales, buying and occupancy. Gross margin is gross profit as a percentage of our net sales. 
 Our cost of sales, buying and occupancy and gross profit are correlated to sales volumes. Gross margin is affected by the relative mix of products sold, pricing strategies, inventory shrinkage and fixed costs of sales, buying and occupancy. 
 Direct store expenses 
 Direct store expenses consist of store-level expenses such as salaries and benefits, related equity-based compensation, supplies, depreciation and amortization for buildings, store leasehold improvements, equipment and other store specific costs.  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries and benefits costs, equity-based compensation, advertising and corporate overhead. 
 We charge third-parties to place advertisements in our in-store guide and newspaper circulars. We record consideration received from vendors in connection with cooperative advertising programs as a reduction to advertising costs when the allowance represents reimbursement of a specific and identifiable cost. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Store pre-opening costs 
 Store pre-opening costs include rent expense during construction of new stores and costs related to new store openings, including costs associated with hiring and training personnel and other miscellaneous costs. Store pre-opening costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Store closure and exit costs 
 We recognize a reserve for future operating lease payments and other occupancy costs associated with facilities that are no longer being utilized in our current operations. The reserve is  
 19 

recorded based on the present value of the remaining non-cancelable lease payments and estimates of other occupancy costs after the cease use date less a discounted estimate of subtenant income. If subtenant income is expected to be highe  r than the lease payments, no accrual is recorded. Lease payments and other occupancy costs included in the closed facility reserve are expected to be paid over the remaining terms of the respective leases. Our assumptions about subtenant income are based   on our experience and knowledge of the area in which the closed property is located, guidance received from local brokers and agents and existing economic conditions. Adjustments to the closed facility reserve relate primarily to changes in actual or estim  ated subtenant income and changes in actual lease payments and other occupancy costs from original estimates. Adjustments are made for changes in estimates in the period in which the change becomes known, considering timing of new information regarding mar  ket, subleases or other lease updates. Changes in reserve estimates are classified as store closure and exit costs in the consolidated statements of operations.  
 Provision for income taxes 
 We must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes.  The amount of taxes currently payable or refundable is accrued and deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets are also recognized for realizable loss and tax credit carryforwards.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in income tax rates is recognized in our financial statements in the period that includes the enactment date. 

20 

Results of Operations for Thirteen Weeks Ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015  
 The following tables set forth our unaudited results of operations and other operating data for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of financial results to be achieved in future periods. All dollar amounts are in thousands, unless otherwise noted. 

(1)   
 
 See the explanation of  Comparable store sales growth  above under  Components of Operating Results   Net sales.     

 Comparison of Thirteen Weeks Ended October 2, 2016 to Thirteen Weeks Ended 
 September 27, 2015 
 Net sales 

Net sales for the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 totaled $1.0 billion, increasing 15% over the same period of the prior fiscal year. Sales growth was driven by strong performance in new stores opened and increases in comparable store sales. Comparable stores contributed approximately 87% of total sales for the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 and approximately 86% for the same period of the prior fiscal year.  
 21 

Cost of sales, buying and occupancy and gross prof  it  

Cost of sales, buying and occupancy increased during the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015, primarily due to the increase in sales from new store openings and comparable store sales growth, as discussed above. Gross profit increased $30.1 million primarily as a result of new store sales. The gross margin percentage decrease reflects 60 basis points from increased price investments in certain categories in response to the ongoing deflationary and promotional environment, and slightly higher shrink from lower comp sales, with an additional 20 basis points of deleverage from occupancy.  
 Direct store expenses 

Direct store expenses as a percentage of sales for the quarter increased 120 basis points to 20.9% compared to the same period in 2015. Thirty basis points of this increase related to cycling a lower medical benefit expense from the prior year. The remaining increase was primarily due to deleverage from lower comp sales growth, higher payroll expense from planned increases in wages and training costs implemented at the beginning of the year, and the impact of opening a greater number of new stores in 2016. 
   
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses included $2.0 million in advertising to support new stores, $1.5 million in equity-based compensation expense primarily due to additional grants related to management transitions during 2015, $0.9 million in corporate payroll to support growth, $0.3 million in consulting for strategic initiatives, and other less significant increases in expense. These increases were partially offset by $2.2 million decrease in corporate bonus expense.  
 Store pre-opening costs 
 Store pre-opening costs were $3.4 million for the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 and $1.8 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. Store pre-opening costs in the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 included $2.6 million related to opening 10 stores during that period and $0.8 million associated with three stores expected to open subsequent to quarter end. Store pre-opening costs in the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015 included $1.7 million related to opening eight stores during that period and $0.1 million associated with one store opened subsequent to quarter end. 
 22 

Interest expense  
 Interest expense was $3.7 million for the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016, which is consistent with the $3.7 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015.  
 Income tax provision 
 Income tax provision decreased to $13.9 million for the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 from $18.9 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015, mainly related to a decrease in income before income taxes. Our effective income tax rate was 36.9% in the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016 and 37.1% in the thirteen weeks ended September 27, 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate is mainly related to an increase in the enhanced deduction for charitable donations of food inventory and an increase in tax credits, partially offset by an increase in the effective state income tax rate. 
 Net income 

The decline in net income was driven by a decrease in gross margin as a result of increased price investments in certain categories in response to the ongoing deflationary and competitive environment and increased store payroll and selling, general and administrative expenses. 
   
 Results of Operations for Thirty-nine Weeks Ended October 2, 2016 and September 27, 2015 
 The following tables set forth our unaudited results of operations and other operating data for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of financial results to be achieved in future periods. All dollar amounts are in thousands, unless otherwise noted. 

23 

(1)   
 
 See the explanation of  Comparable store sales growth  above under  Components of Operating Results   Net sales.     

 Comparison of Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended October 2, 2016 to Thirty-nine Weeks Ended 
 September 27, 2015 
 Net sales 

Net sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 totaled $3.1 billion, increasing 15% over the same period of the prior fiscal year. Sales growth was primarily driven by solid performance in new stores opened. Comparable stores contributed approximately 88% of total sales for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 and approximately 86% for the same period of the prior fiscal year.  
 Cost of sales, buying and occupancy and gross profit 

Cost of sales, buying and occupancy increased during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015, primarily due to the increase in sales from new store openings, as discussed above. Gross profit increased $117.0 million as a result of increased sales volume, and $3.9 million related to increased margin.  The gross margin increase is due to higher margins in certain categories primarily due to deflation, partially offset by price investments in certain categories. 
 Direct store expenses 

Direct store expenses increased $99.3 million, primarily due to stores opened since September 27, 2015, as well as increases in direct store expenses associated with stores operated prior to September  
 24 

27, 2015. Direct store expenses, as a perc  entage of net sales, increased 7  0 basis points pri  marily due to higher payroll expense from planned wage increases and increased training costs  .     
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 

The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses included $5.7 million in advertising to support new stores, $5.0 million in equity-based compensation expense due to additional grants related to management transitions during 2015, $3.2 million in corporate payroll to support growth, $1.1 million in consulting for strategic initiatives, and other less significant increases in expense.  
 Store pre-opening costs 
 Store pre-opening costs were $11.6 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 and $7.1 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. Store pre-opening costs in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 included $10.6 million related to opening 33 stores during the thirty-nine weeks and $1.0 million associated with stores expected to open subsequent to quarter end. Store pre-opening costs in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015 included $6.9 million related to opening 26 stores during that period and $0.2 million associated with one store opened subsequent to quarter end. 
 Store closure and exit costs 
 Store closure and exit costs of $1.7 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015 includes $1.7 million for the relocation of our support office and adjustments for prior reserves.  
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense decreased to $11.0 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 from $14.0 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015.  The decrease in interest expense is due to the lower average principal balances on both the current Credit Facility and the Company s former revolving credit Facility combined with the lower interest rate on our Credit Facility following the April 2015 Refinancing. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 In the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt totaling $5.5 million related to the write-off of deferred financing costs and issue discount in the April 2015 Refinancing.  
 Income tax provision 
 Income tax provision increased to $64.8 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 from $61.1 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015, mainly related to an increase in income before income taxes. Our effective income tax rate decreased to 37.7% in the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 from 37.8% in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate is mainly related to an increase in the enhanced deduction for charitable donations of food inventory and an increase in tax credits, partially offset by an increase in the effective state income tax rate. 
 25 

Net income  

Net income growth was driven by sales growth, increased gross margin and loss on extinguishment of debt in prior year, offset by increases in advertising expense to support our growth, payroll and equity-based compensation expense. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash for each of the periods set forth below, as well as our cash and cash equivalents at the end of each period: 

We have generally financed our operations principally through cash generated from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. Our primary uses of cash are for purchases of inventory, operating expenses, capital expenditures primarily for opening new stores, remodels and maintenance, repurchases of our common stock, and debt service. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, and cash anticipated to be generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months, and we may continue to opportunistically borrow under our Credit Facility to use in our share repurchase programs. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including new store openings, remodel and maintenance capital expenditures at existing stores, store initiatives and other corporate capital expenditures and activities. Our cash and cash equivalents position benefits from the fact that we generally collect cash from sales to customers the same day or, in the case of credit or debit card transactions, within days from the related sale.  
 Operating activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities increased $16.9 million to $196.0 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 compared to $179.1 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. The increase in operating cash flow is primarily due to the growth in cash flows from existing stores and from new stores opened since the third quarter of 2015. 
 Investing activities 
 Cash flows used in investing activities were $142.4 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 compared to $97.3 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015.  
 Capital expenditures consist primarily of investments in new stores, including leasehold improvements and store equipment, capital expenditures to maintain the appearance of our stores, sales enhancing initiatives and other corporate investments. 
 We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $160 - $165 million in fiscal 2016, including expenditures incurred to date, net of estimated landlord tenant improvement allowances, primarily to fund investments in new stores, remodels, maintenance capital expenditures and corporate capital expenditures. We expect to fund our capital expenditures with cash on hand, cash generated from operating activities and, if required, borrowings under our Credit Facility. 
 26 

Financing activities  
 Cash flows used in financing activities were $139.4 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016 compared to cash used in financing activities of $80.3 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015. During the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016, cash flows used in financing activities consisted of $187.8 million for stock repurchases, $3.1 million cash paid for capital and financing lease obligations, partially offset by $45 million of borrowings on the revolving credit facility, $3.9 million of excess tax benefit from the exercise of stock options and $2.6 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options. During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 27, 2015, cash flows used in financing activities consisted of $261.3 million cash paid on the term loan, $100 million repayment on the revolving credit facility, $3.1 million cash paid for capital and financing lease obligations and $1.9 million payments of deferred financing costs, partially offset by $260 million borrowings on the revolving credit facility, $19.6 million of excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options and $6.4 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 Long-Term debt and credit facilities 
 See Note 6  Long-Term Debt  of our unaudited consolidated financial statements for a description of our Credit Facility and our former credit facility. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We are committed under certain capital leases for the rental of certain land and buildings and certain operating leases for rental of facilities and equipment. These leases expire or become subject to renewal clauses at various dates through 2035. 
 The following table summarizes our lease obligations as of October 2, 2016, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods: 

(1)   
 
 Represents estimated payments for capital and financing and operating lease obligations as of October 2, 2016. Capital and financing lease obligations and operating lease obligations are presented gross without offset for subtenant rentals. We have subtenant agreements under which we will receive $1.5 million for the period of less than one year, $2.3 million for years one to three, $1.6 million for years four to five, and $1.7 million for the period beyond five years.    

 We have other contractual commitments and debt, which were presented under Contractual Obligations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2016, and for which there have not been material changes since that filing through October 2, 2016.  As discussed in Note 6 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements, we entered into the Credit Facility with an initial balance of $260.0 million which will mature in April 2020. As of October 2, 2016, the outstanding balance on the Credit Facility was $205.0 million. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities, nor do we have any interest in entities referred to as variable interest entities. 
 27 

Impact of Inflation  
 Inflation and deflation in the prices of food and other products we sell may affect our sales, gross profit and gross margin. The short-term impact of inflation and deflation is largely dependent on whether or not the effects are passed through to our customers, which is subject to competitive market conditions. 
 Food inflation and deflation is affected by a variety of factors and our determination of whether to pass on the effects of inflation or deflation to our customers is made in conjunction with our overall pricing and marketing strategies. Although we may experience periodic effects on sales, gross profit and gross margins as a result of changing prices, we do not expect the effect of inflation or deflation to have a material impact on our ability to execute our long-term business strategy. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is subject to modest seasonality. Our average weekly sales fluctuate throughout the year and are typically highest in the first half of the fiscal year. Produce, which contributed approximately 25% of our net sales for the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016, is generally more available in the first six months of our fiscal year due to the timing of peak growing seasons. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. These principles require us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, cash flow and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Our estimates include, but are not limited to, those related to inventory, lease assumptions, self-insurance reserves, sublease assumptions for closed facilities, goodwill and intangible assets, impairment of long-lived assets, fair values of equity-based awards and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected. 
 There have been no substantial changes to these estimates or the policies related to them during the thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2016. For a full discussion of these estimates and policies, see  Critical Accounting Estimates  in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2016. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 We have determined that all other recently issued accounting standards will not have a material impact on our financial statements, or do not apply to our operations. 
     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
 As described in Note 6,  Long-Term Debt  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements located elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have a Credit Facility that bears interest at a rate based in part on LIBOR. Accordingly, we are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. Based on the $205.0 million principal outstanding under our Credit Facility as of October 2, 2016, each hundred basis point change in LIBOR would result in a change in interest expense by $2.1 million annually. 
 This sensitivity analysis assumes our mix of financial instruments and all other variables will remain constant in future periods. These assumptions are made in order to facilitate the analysis and are not necessarily indicative of our future intentions. 
 28 

Item 4. Controls   and Procedures.  
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures under the Exchange Act as of October 2, 2016, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarterly period ended October 2, 2016, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

29 

P  ART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time we are a party to legal proceedings, including matters involving personnel and employment issues, product liability, personal injury, intellectual property and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, which have not resulted in any material losses to date. Although management does not expect that the outcome in these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could materially impact our results. 
   
 Securities Action 
 On March 4, 2016, a complaint was filed in the Superior Court for the State of Arizona against the Company and certain of its directors and officers on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of shares of the Company s common stock in the Company s underwritten secondary public offering which closed on March 10, 2015 (the  March 2015 Offering ). The complaint purports to state claims under Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based on an alleged failure by the Company to disclose adequate information about produce price deflation in the March 2015 Offering documents. The complaint seeks damages on behalf of the purported class in an unspecified amount, rescission, and an award of reasonable costs and attorneys  fees. On March 24, 2016, the Company removed the action to federal court in the District of Arizona. On April 18, 2016, the plaintiffs filed a motion to remand the case to state court, and that motion is currently under consideration. The Company intends to defend this case vigorously, but it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the outcome of, or any potential liability from, the case. 
   
  Phishing  Scam Actions    
 In April 2016, four complaints were filed, two in the federal courts of California, one in the Superior Court of California and one in the federal court in the District of Colorado, each on behalf of a purported class of current and former Company team members whose personally identifiable information ( PII ) was inadvertently disclosed to an unauthorized third party that perpetrated an email  phishing  scam against a Company team member.  The complaints allege the Company failed to properly safeguard the PII in accordance with applicable law.  The complaints seek damages on behalf of the purported class in unspecified amounts, attorneys  fees and litigation expenses. In June 2016, a motion was filed before the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ( JPML ) to transfer and consolidate all four of the cases to the federal court in the District of Arizona. The JPML granted the motion on October 6, 2016, and the cases remained stayed pending the court s scheduling of an initial case management conference. The Company intends to defend these cases vigorously, but it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the outcome of, or any potential liability from, the cases. 
     Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties referenced below, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Any of those risks could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects and cause the value of our common stock to decline, which could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors described under  Part I   Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2016. 
   Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
   
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 The following table provides information about our share repurchase activity during the thirteen weeks ended October 2, 2016. 
 30 

(1)   
 
 Periodic information is presented by reference to our fiscal periods during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016.     

(2)   
 
 On September 6, 2016, our board of directors authorized a $250 million share repurchase program of our common stock. The shares may be purchased on a discretionary basis from time to time through December 31, 2017, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, or other means, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans.     

     Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

31 

SIGNAT  URES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC.  

Date: November 3, 2016  
 
 By:  
 
 /s/ Bradley S. Lukow  

Name:  
 
 Bradley S. Lukow  

Title:  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

32 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

33  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sfm-ex311_10.htm
 EX-31.1

sfm-ex311_10.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Amin N. Maredia, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Amin N. Maredia  

Amin N. Maredia  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sfm-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

sfm-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bradley S. Lukow, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/  Bradley S. Lukow   

Bradley S. Lukow  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sfm-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

sfm-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 2, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Amin N. Maredia, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, based on my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Amin N. Maredia  

Amin N. Maredia  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sfm-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

sfm-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 2, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Bradley S. Lukow, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, based on my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Bradley S. Lukow  

Bradley S. Lukow  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 sfm-20161002.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 sfm-20161002.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 sfm-20161002_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 sfm-20161002_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 sfm-20161002_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 sfm-20161002_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

