<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1506439_0001493152-16-014859_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3712975</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96750</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>256101</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>752927</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1505577</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1024689</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>61</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-014859.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114120844
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-014859
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SharpSpring, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001506439
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				050502529
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36280
		FILM NUMBER:		161992578

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		304 WEST UNIVERSITY AVENUE
		CITY:			GAINESVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-705-9362

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		304 WEST UNIVERSITY AVENUE
		CITY:			GAINESVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMTP, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-014859.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)  

For
the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016  

Or   

Commission
File Number: 001-36280  

SharpSpring,
Inc.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
       
       05-0502529    
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction of   
       
      (I.R.S.
    Employer   
 
     incorporation  or
    organization)  
       
      Identification
    No.)   

877-705-9362   

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
       
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer   
      [  ]  
       
      Smaller
    reporting company   
      [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes [  ] No
[X]  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 8,358,475
shares of common stock as of November 10, 2016.  

SharpSpring,
Inc.   

Table
of Contents   

Page     

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
        1     
 
      Item 1. Financial Statements:.   
        2     
 
      Consolidated Balance Sheets  September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December
    31, 2015   
        2     
 
      Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
    (unaudited)   
        3     
 
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   
        4     
 
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
        5     
 
      Item 2. Management s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
        20     
 
      Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market
    Risk   
        26     
 
      Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
        27     
 
      PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
        28     
 
      Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
        28     
 
      Item 1A. Risk Factors   
        28     
 
      Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use
    of Proceeds   
        28     
 
      Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
        29     
 
      Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
        29     
 
      Item 5. Other Information   
        29     
 
      Item 6. Exhibits   
        30     
 
      SIGNATURES   
        31     

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Forward-Looking
Information   

This
report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements
about our plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as  anticipate,   estimate,   plan,   project,   continuing, 
 ongoing,   expect,   we believe,   we intend,   may,   should, 
 will,   could  and similar expressions denoting uncertainty or an action that may, will or is expected
to occur in the future. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements.  

Examples of forward-looking
statements include: 

the
    timing of the development of future products;    

projections
    of costs, revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items;   

statements
    of our plans and objectives;    

statements
    regarding the capabilities of our business operations;    

statements
    of expected future economic performance;    

statements
    regarding competition in our market; and    

assumptions
    underlying statements regarding us or our business.    

Forward-looking
statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs,
expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events
and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject
to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our
control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.
Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results
and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the
following:  

strategic
    actions, including acquisitions and dispositions and our success in integrating acquired businesses;   

the
    occurrence of hostilities, political instability or catastrophic events;   

changes
    in customer demand;   

the
    extent to which we are successful in gaining new long-term relationships with customers or retaining existing ones and the
    level of service failures that could lead customers to use competitors  services;   

the
    extent to which we are successful in utilizing the cash proceeds from the sale of our SMTP email relay business to expand
    and develop our marketing automation solution;   

developments
    and changes in laws and regulations, including increased regulation of our industry through legislative action and revised
    rules and standards; and   

disruptions
    to our technology network including computer systems and software, as well as natural events such as severe weather, fires,
    floods and earthquakes or man-made or other disruptions of our operating systems, structures or equipment.   

The
ultimate correctness of these forward-looking statements depends upon a number of known and unknown risks and events. We discuss
our known material risks under Item 1.A  Risk Factors  contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and under Part II- Item 1.A  Risk Factors  contained in this report on Form 10-Q.
Many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. In addition, we cannot assess
the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.  

The
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation
to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to
reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  

Item
1. Financial Statements.   

SharpSpring,
Inc.   

     CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS   

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

SharpSpring,
Inc.   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

SharpSpring,
Inc.   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

SharpSpring,
Inc.   

     NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   (Unaudited)   

Note
1: Organization   

We
were incorporated in Massachusetts in October 1998 as EMUmail, Inc. and we changed our name in April 2010 to SMTP.com, Inc. In
November 2010, we reincorporated in the State of Delaware and changed our name to SMTP, Inc. In December 2013, we effected a 1-for-5
reverse stock split of our common stock whereby every five shares of our pre-reverse stock split common stock was combined and
reclassified into one share of post-reverse stock split common stock.  

On
August 15, 2014, we acquired substantially all the assets and assumed the liabilities of SharpSpring LLC, and on October 17, 2014,
we acquired all of the outstanding equity of the GraphicMail group companies. See Note 3 for details of these acquisitions.  

On
December 1, 2015, our Company changed its parent company name from SMTP, Inc. to SharpSpring, Inc. and changed the name of its
SharpSpring product U.S. operating subsidiary from SharpSpring, Inc. to SharpSpring Technologies, Inc.  

On
June 27, 2016, we sold the assets related to our SMTP email relay product to the Electric Mail Company, a Nova Scotia company.
See Note 5 for details of this disposition.  

Our
Company focuses on providing cloud-based marketing automation solutions and email marketing solutions to its customers. Our SharpSpring
marketing automation solution is designed to increase the rates at which businesses generate leads and convert leads to sales
opportunities by improving the way businesses communicate with customers and prospects. Our products are marketed directly by
us and through a small group of reseller partners. Prior to June 27, 2016, our Company also provided cloud-based email relay delivery
services to its customers.  

Note
2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (U.S. GAAP). Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SharpSpring, Inc. and our subsidiaries
(all collectively, the  Company ). Our consolidated financial statements reflect the elimination of all significant
inter-company accounts and transactions.  

The
results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent
quarter or for the entire year ending December 31, 2016. The year-end balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements,
but this Form 10-Q does not include all disclosures required under U.S. GAAP. Certain information and note disclosures normally
included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been omitted under the rules and regulations
of the SEC.  

These
interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes
contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. There have been no changes in
the Company s significant accounting policies from those that were disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K that have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related notes.  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.  

Foreign
Currencies   

The
Company s subsidiaries utilize the U.S. Dollar, Swiss Franc, South African Rand and British Pound as their functional currencies.
The assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated at ending exchange rates for the respective periods, while revenues
and expenses are translated at the average rates in effect for the period. The related translation gains and losses are included
in other comprehensive income or loss within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss).  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents   

Cash
equivalents are short-term, liquid investments with remaining maturities of three months or less when acquired. Cash and cash
equivalents are deposited or managed by major financial institutions and at most times are in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) insurance limits.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

U.S.
GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy which has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs to determine the fair value.
These levels include: Level 1, defined as inputs such as unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and Level
3, defined as unobservable inputs for use when little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own
assumptions.  

The
Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, deposits and
accounts payable. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximates fair
value because of the short-term nature of these items.  

Accounts
Receivable   

Accounts
receivable are carried at the original invoiced amount less an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the probability of future
collection. Management reviews accounts receivable on a periodic basis to determine if any receivables will potentially be uncollectible.
The Company reserves for receivables that are determined to be uncollectible, if any, in its allowance for doubtful accounts.
After the Company has exhausted all collection efforts, the outstanding receivable is written off against the allowance.  

Intangibles   

Finite-lived
intangible assets include trade names, developed technologies and customer relationships and are amortized based on the estimated
economic benefit over their estimated useful lives, with periods ranging from 5 to 11 years. We continually evaluate the reasonableness
of the useful lives of these assets. Finite-lived intangibles are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are measured as the amount by which the carrying value
of an asset group exceeds its fair value and are recognized in operating results. Judgment is used when applying these impairment
rules to determine the timing of the impairment test, the undiscounted cash flows used to assess impairments and the fair value
of an asset group. The dynamic economic environment in which the Company operates and the resulting assumptions used to estimate
future cash flows impact the outcome of these impairment tests. During the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2015, the
Company recorded an impairment loss of $1,310,386 related to the impaired recovery of its GraphicMail technology and trade name
assets.  

Goodwill
and Impairment   

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had recorded goodwill of $8,864,660 and $8,881,933, respectively. Goodwill consists
of the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible net assets acquired in the SharpSpring
and GraphicMail acquisitions (See Note 3). Under FASB ASC 350,   Intangibles - Goodwill and Other   deemed to
have indefinite lives are no longer amortized but are subject to annual impairment tests, and tests between annual tests in certain
circumstances, based on estimated fair value in accordance with FASB ASC 350-10, and written down when impaired.  

Income
Taxes   

Provision
for income taxes are based on taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred taxes on temporary differences between
the amount of taxable income and pretax financial income and between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported
amounts in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are included in the financial statements at currently
enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized
or settled as prescribed in FASB ASC 740,  Accounting for Income Taxes . As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance is established to reduce
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized.  

The
Company applies the authoritative guidance in accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the consolidated financial
statements. This guidance prescribes a two-step process to determine the amount of tax benefit to be recognized. First, the tax
position must be evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be sustained upon external examination. If the tax position
is deemed  more-likely-than-not  to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefit
to recognize in the financial statements. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater
than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. There are no material uncertain tax positions taken by the Company
on its tax returns. Tax years subsequent to 2013 remain open to examination by U.S. federal and state tax jurisdictions.  

In
determining the provision for income taxes, the Company uses statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to the
Company in the jurisdictions in which it operates. This includes recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns to the extent
pervasive evidence exists that they will be realized in future periods. The deferred tax balances are adjusted to reflect tax
rates by tax jurisdiction, based on currently enacted tax laws, which are expected to be in effect in the years in which the temporary
differences are expected to reverse. In accordance with the Company s income tax policy, significant or unusual items are
separately recognized in the period in which they occur. The Company is subject to routine examination by domestic and foreign
tax authorities and frequently faces challenges regarding the amount of taxes due. These challenges include positions taken by
the Company related to the timing, nature and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions.
Currently, the IRS is examining our 2014 U.S. income tax return.  

Property
and Equipment   

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets.
Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to operations. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation
expense from continuing operations related to property and equipment was $56,004 and $20,429 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $97,549 and $54,340 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Property
and equipment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows:  

Useful
lives are as follows:  

Leasehold improvements 
      3-5 years   
 
     Furniture and fixtures 
      3-5 years   
 
     Computing equipment 
      3 years   
 
     Software 
      3-5 years   

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company recognizes revenue from its services when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transactions will
flow to the Company and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. This is normally demonstrated when: (i) persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists; (ii) the fee is fixed or determinable; (iii) performance of service has been delivered; and (iv) collection
is reasonably assured.  

For
the Company s internet-based SMTP email delivery product (which was sold on June 27, 2016), GraphicMail email campaign management
product (which was discontinued during June 2016) and SharpSpring Mail+ product, the services are offered over various contractual
periods for a fixed fee that varies based on a maximum volume of transactions. Revenues are typically paid by clients via credit
card, check or funds transfers at the inception of the contractual period. Revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over
the contractual period. If the customer s transactions exceed contractual volume limitations, overages are charged and recorded
in the periods in which the transaction overages occur.  

Certain
of the Company s customers are sold through third party resellers. In some cases, we have allowed the third party resellers
to collect the funds directly from the customer, withhold their own reseller fee, and remit the net amount owed back to the Company.
In those situations, because the Company is the primary obligor in the arrangement, the Company recorded the gross revenue and
expenses such that 100% of the end customer revenue is reported by the Company and a corresponding expense is recorded for the
reseller fee.  

For
the Company s internet-based SharpSpring marketing automation solution, the services are typically offered on a month-to-month
basis with a fixed fee charged each month depending on the size of the engagement with the customer. Monthly fees are recorded
as revenue during the month they are earned. Some customers are charged annually, for which revenues are deferred and recorded
ratably over the subscription period. The Company also charges transactional-based fees if monthly email volume limitations are
reached or other chargeable activity occurs. Additionally, some of our customers are charged an upfront implementation and training
fee. The upfront implementation and training fees represent short-term  use it or lose it  services offered for a
flat fee. Such flat fees are recognized over the service period, which is 60 days.  

The
Company offers refunds on a pro-rata basis at any time during the contractual period. The Company also experiences credit card
chargebacks relating to cardholder disputes that are commonly experienced by businesses that accept credit cards. The Company
makes estimates for refunds and credit card chargebacks based on historical experience.  

Deferred
Revenue   

Some
of the Company s customers pay for services in advance on a periodic basis (such as monthly, quarterly, annually or bi-annually).
Also, the Company charges an upfront implementation and training fee for its SharpSpring marketing automation solution that is
paid in advance, for which services are performed over a 60-day period. Deferred revenue consists of payments received in advance
of the Company s providing the services. Deferred revenues are amortized on a straight-line basis in connection with the
contractual period or recorded when the services are used.  

Accrued
Revenue   

In
cases where our customers pay for services in arrears, we accrue for revenue in advance of billings as long as the criteria for
revenue recognition is met. A portion of our accounts receivable balance is therefore unbilled at the balance sheet date.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk and Significant Customers   

Financial
instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents.
At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had cash balances at financial institutions that exceed federally insured
limits. The Company maintains its cash balances with accredited financial institutions. The Company does not believe that it is
subject to unusual credit risk beyond the normal credit risk associated with commercial banking relationships.  

For
the three and six month periods ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, there were no customers that accounted for more than 10% of
total revenue.  

Cost
of Services   

Cost
of services consists primarily of the direct labor costs, technology hosting costs, software license costs, and fees paid to resellers
of the Company s product.  

Credit
Card Processing Fees   

Credit
card processing fees are included as a component of general and administrative expenses and are expensed as incurred.  

Advertising
Costs   

The
Company expenses advertising costs as incurred.  

Research
and Development Costs and Capitalized Software Costs   

We
capitalize certain costs associated with internal use software during the application development stage, mostly related to software
that we use in providing our hosted solutions. We expense costs associated with preliminary project phase activities, training,
maintenance and any post-implementation period costs as incurred. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we capitalized
zero and $45,681 in software development costs, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we capitalized
$6,642 and $98,100 in software development costs, respectively. We amortize capitalized software costs over the estimated useful
life of the software, which has been estimated to be 3 years, once the related project has been completed and deployed for customer
use. At September 30, 2016, the net carrying value of capitalized software costs was $84,381.  

All
other software development costs are charged to expenses when incurred, and generally consist of salaries, software development
tools and personnel-related costs for those engaged in research and development activities.  

Stock
Compensation   

We
account for stock based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718, which requires companies to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for an award of an equity instrument based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Stock-based
compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period.  

Net
Income (Loss) Per Share   

Basic
net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares and, if dilutive, potential common shares
outstanding during the period.  

Comprehensive
Income or Loss    

Comprehensive
income or loss includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources, such as net income or loss and foreign currency
translation adjustments.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards   

Recent
accounting standards not included below are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position and
results of operations.  

In
March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued guidance that changes the accounting for certain
aspects of share-based payments to employees. The guidance requires the recognition of the income tax effects of awards in the
income statement when the awards vest or are settled, thus eliminating additional paid-in capital pools. The guidance also allows
for the employer to repurchase or sell more shares than required under local statutory regulation without triggering liability
accounting. In addition, the guidance allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an
estimated basis. The guidance is effective in 2017 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued guidance that requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets but record expenses
on their income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria
and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The guidance is effective in 2019 with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued guidance in GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments
should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosure. The guidance is effective for the annual period ending
after December 15, 2016, and for the annual periods and interim periods thereafter with early adoption permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued updated guidance and disclosure requirements for recognizing revenue. The new revenue recognition standard
provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that a company
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In July 2015, the FASB approved the deferral
of the new standard s effective date by one year. The new standard now is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
January 1, 2018. The FASB will permit companies to adopt the new standard early, but not before the original effective date of
January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements.  

Note
3: Acquisitions   

During
2014, the Company pursued strategic acquisitions to further extend its product offerings. Such acquisitions have been accounted
for as business combinations pursuant to ASC 805   Business Combinations.   Under this ASC, acquisition and integration
costs are not included as components of consideration transferred, but are accounted for as expenses in the period in which the
costs are incurred.  

SharpSpring   

On
August 15, 2014, the Company acquired substantially all the assets and assumed the liabilities of SharpSpring LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company for a cash payment of $5,000,000 plus potential earn out consideration of $10,000,000 that was contingent
on the SharpSpring product achieving certain levels of revenue in 2015. SharpSpring is a cloud-based marketing automation platform
that enables users to connect with customers and build relationships to drive revenue through marketing automation, call tracking
and customer relationship management.  

The
SharpSpring earn out was initially $10,000,000, payable 60% in cash and 40% in stock, depending on SharpSpring achieving certain
revenue levels in 2015. At the time of the acquisition, the Company utilized the income approach to estimate the fair value of
the earn out. The Company analyzed scenarios and determined a probability weighting for each scenario. The Company calculated
the earn out payments based on the respective revenues for each scenario and then weighted the resulting payment by the probabilities
of achieving each scenario. In order to calculate an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate for the earn out, the Company calculated
the weighted average cash-flows of the business based on the three scenarios and their respective weightings. The Company then
calculated an implied internal rate of return ( IRR ) of 18.9%, which is the discount rate necessary in order to reconcile
the weighed cash-flows of the three scenarios to the total purchase price including the earn out payment. The earn out payment
was then discounted by the 18.9% IRR. Based on these methods and the Company s original assessment of meeting those revenue
levels in 2015, an earn out liability of $6,963,000 was originally recorded as a liability during purchase accounting. This was
re-measured in each subsequent quarter since the transaction, resulting in additional charges of $195,000 and $1,929,000 during
the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015 and charges of $222,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
These earn out adjustments have been recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the respective
periods.  

The
Company entered into a transaction with RCTW, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, f/k/a SharpSpring, LLC ( RCTW )
during May 2015 to pay a portion of the cash-based earn out early, as well as to agree that the future earn out for the SharpSpring
assets would be paid in its entirety. Although the Company was obligated to pay the full earn out for the SharpSpring assets,
the earn out liability value was increased over time as a result of the discount factor applied to the liability. The final payments
against the earn out of $1.0 million in cash and $4.0 million in common stock occurred in the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and
there was no remaining liability as of September 30, 2016.  

As
of September 30, 2016, management had completed its evaluation of the fair value of certain intangible and other net assets acquired
and there will be no future changes.  

GraphicMail   

On
October 17, 2014, we acquired 100% of the equity interest owned, directly or indirectly, in GraphicMail group companies ( GraphicMail )
consisting of InterInbox SA, a Swiss corporation, InterCloud Limited, a Gibraltar limited company, ERNEPH 2012A (Pty) Ltd. dba
ISMS, a South African limited company, ERNEPH 2012B (Pty) Ltd. dba GraphicMail South Africa, a South African limited company,
and Quattro Hosting LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The acquisition consideration consisted of $5.3 million, $2.6 million
of which was paid in cash and $2.7 million of which was paid in stock, plus potential earn out consideration of up to $0.8 million
based on achieving certain revenue levels in 2015 (paid 50% in cash and 50% in stock). GraphicMail operates as a campaign management
solution, enabling customers to create content and manage emails being sent to customers and distribution lists.  

Pursuant
to the equity interest purchase agreement, the Company was liable for an earn out of up to $0.8 million, related to GraphicMail
achieving certain revenue levels in 2015. The Company utilized the income approach to estimate the fair value of the earn out.
The Company analyzed scenarios and determined a probability weighting for each scenario. The Company calculated the earn out payments
based on the respective revenues for each scenario and then weighted the resulting payment by the probabilities of achieving each
scenario. In order to calculate an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate for the earn out, the Company calculated the weighted
average cash-flows of the business based on the three scenarios and their respective weightings. The Company then calculated an
implied internal rate of return ( IRR ) of 29.8%, which is the discount rate necessary in order to reconcile the weighed
cash-flows of the three scenarios to the total purchase price including the earn out payment. The earn out payment was then discounted
by the 29.8% IRR. Based on these methods and the Company s initial assessment of meeting those revenue levels in 2015, an
earn out liability of $36,000 was recorded as a liability during purchase accounting. This was re-measured in the subsequent quarters,
resulting in additional charges of $75,065 and $712,397 during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015 and a
benefit of $2,527 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company paid $415,858
in the form of $207,929 in cash and 53,924 shares of common stock in full settlement of the earn out liability to the former GraphicMail
shareholders.  

Additionally,
in March 2016, the Company received $175,970 in cash and 20,000 shares of stock (valued at $84,000) from the GraphicMail escrow
fund related to an indemnified claim for unrecorded liabilities at the time of the acquisition. The total value of the claim of
$259,970 was recorded as a gain in other income (expense), net during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Note
4: Asset Acquisitions   

In
the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first nine months of 2016, the Company entered into separation agreements with several third-party
GraphicMail resellers to terminate the reseller arrangements and for the Company to purchase the customer relationships that each
had accumulated as a GraphicMail reseller. Pursuant to the terms of the separation agreements, the Company will make cash payments
to the resellers in exchange for the rights to the customer relationships. The Company accounted for these purchases as intangible
asset acquisitions. The aggregate estimated purchase price for the intangible assets acquired during the quarters ended December
31, 2015, March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016 is approximately $554,000, $26,000, $102,000, and $56,000, respectively,
combining for an aggregate total of $780,000. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $627,000 of the consideration had been paid
and approximately $153,000 was included in accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

Note
5: Dispositions   

On
June 27, 2016, the Company completed the sale of the assets and deferred revenue liabilities of its SMTP email relay business
( SMTP ) to the Electric Mail Company for approximately $15.0 million. Of the total proceeds from the sale of SMTP,
approximately $1.0 million in cash is held in escrow to be received in July 2017. In conjunction with the sale, the Company also
entered into a transition services agreement (the  TSA ) with the buyer to assist in the transition of operations
over a six-month period, with an option to extend for an additional six months. Pursuant to the terms of the transition services
agreement, in exchange for assisting in the transfer of operations, the Company may continue utilizing the SMTP email relay platform
for its email sending needs at no cost. Although no cash was exchanged for the services performed by the parties to the TSA, the
Company recorded the estimated cost to utilize the SMTP sending platform as a cost of sale and recorded a benefit to Other income
(expense), net for the value of services provided to the Electric Mail Company. Also, in conjunction with the sale, the Company
abandoned a software asset that was not acquired, but will not be utilized by the Company in the future. The Company recorded
a gain on the sale of SMTP of approximately $9.4 million, net of tax of $5.6 million in the second quarter of 2016.  

Pursuant
to the reporting requirements of ASC 205-20,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Discontinued Operations , the
Company has determined that the SMTP business qualifies for presentation as a discontinued operation because it represents a component
of our entity and the sale of SMTP represents a strategic shift in our business plans. Therefore, the Company has reclassified
the assets and liabilities of the SMTP business as held for sale in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and presented
the operating results of SMTP (for periods prior to the sale) as discontinued operations, net of tax, in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  

Financial
information for the SMTP email relay business for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, are presented in
the following table:  

The
financial information above includes the financial results for the SMTP email relay business through June 27, 2016, plus any residual
costs incurred after June 27, 2016 related to the transition of the business to the buyer. The results are comprised of revenue
and costs directly attributable to the SMTP email relay business as well as allocated costs for resources that have historically
had shared roles in our consolidated operations. For resources performing shared roles, cost allocations have been created based
on estimated work performed and job activities. Although our SharpSpring and GraphicMail products had utilized the SMTP email
relay sending platform prior to the disposition, no intercompany revenues have been reflected in the SMTP email relay business
operating results related to the use of the email sending platform by our other product lines.  

The
assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are stated separately as of December 31, 2015, in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited) and are comprised of the following items:  

Note
6: Intangible Assets   

Intangible
assets are as follows:  

Estimated
amortization expense for the remainder of 2016 and subsequent years is as follows:  

Amortization
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $298,823 and $379,053, respectively. Amortization expense for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,068,839 and $1,140,627, respectively.  

Note
7: Restructuring Costs   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, in an effort to consolidate operations into one primary office, the Company executed
a plan to close its South African offices in Cape Town and Johannesburg and terminate approximately 50 resources based in those
offices. All employees were notified of the restructuring during the month of September 2016. The Company recorded pre-tax restructuring
expenses associated with severance, asset write offs and contract termination expenses of $294,249 in the third quarter of 2016
as follows:  

At
September 30, 2016, our remaining liability for restructuring expenses was as follows:  

A
rollforward of the activity in the restructuring accrual during the period was as follows:  

Additionally,
the company expects to incur additional charges of approximately $15,000 in the quarter ended December 31, 2016 related to abandonment
of its office lease in Cape Town.  

Note
8: Credit Facility   

In
March 2016, the Company entered into a $2.5 million revolving loan agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with Western Alliance
Bank. The facility matures on March 21, 2018 and has no mandatory amortization provisions and is payable in full at maturity.
Loan proceeds accrue interest at the higher of Western Alliance Bank s Prime interest rate or 3.5%, plus 1.75%. The Loan
Agreement is collateralized by a lien on substantially all of the existing and future assets of the Company and secured by a pledge
of 100% of the capital stock of SharpSpring Technologies, Inc. and Quattro Hosting, LLC and a 65% pledge of the Company s
foreign subsidiaries  stock. The Loan Agreement subjects the Company to a number of restrictive covenants, including financial
and non-financial covenants customarily found in loan agreements for similar transactions. During June 2016, the Company amended
the Loan Agreement to modify its financial covenants and allow for the sale of the SMTP business assets. There are no amounts
outstanding under the Loan Agreement as of September 30, 2016 and no events of default have occurred to date.  

Note
9: Shareholders  Equity   

On,
January 28, 2015, the Company transferred 30,000 warrants issued on August 1, 2013 in connection with a consulting agreement in
exchange for the Company issuing 5,000 shares of Company common stock.  

On
May 18, 2015, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with investors for the sale of an aggregate of 363,909 shares
of the Company s common stock, at a price of $5.50 per share and an aggregate value of $2.0 million, which shares have been
registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the Company s registration statement on Form S-3. The closing
occurred on May 21, 2015.  

On
May 18, 2015, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with RCTW for the issuance of 545,455 shares of common stock to
RCTW for an aggregate value of $3.0 million, which is in satisfaction of an equal amount of the earn-out due and payable by the
Company to RCTW under the Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 12, 2014 between the Company and RCTW. The closing occurred on
May 21, 2015.  

In
August 2015 the Company completed a registered public offering, which raised $3.4 million (net of expenses) by offering 800,000
shares of common stock for sale.  

In
March 2016, the Company issued 53,924 shares of common stock to the former owners of GraphicMail in satisfaction of the stock-based
earn out. Additionally, in March 2016, the Company received 20,000 shares of stock from the GraphicMail escrow fund related to
an indemnified claim.  

In
June 2016, the Company issued 1,039,636 shares of common stock to the RCTW, LLC shareholders to satisfy the remaining stock-based
portion of the SharpSpring earn out.  

Note
10: Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

Note
11: Net Loss Per Share   

Computation
of net loss per share is as follows:  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 1,143,529 stock options and 170,973 warrants were excluded from diluted net
loss per share, because the effect of including these potential shares was anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, 1,025,929 stock options and 170,973 warrants were excluded from diluted net loss per share, because the effect
of including these potential shares was anti-dilutive.  

Pursuant
to ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share , since a loss is reported from continuing operations, diluted net loss per share has been
computed with the same average common shares outstanding as basic net loss per share, even during periods when the discontinued
operations provide for an overall consolidated net income.  

Note
12: Income Taxes   

The
income tax expense we record in any interim period is based on our estimated effective tax rate for the year for each jurisdiction
that we operate in. The calculation of our estimated effective tax rate requires an estimate of pre-tax income by tax jurisdiction,
as well as total tax expense for the fiscal year. Accordingly, this tax rate is subject to adjustment if, in subsequent interim
periods, there are changes to our initial estimates of total tax expense, pre-tax income, or pre-tax income by jurisdiction. Currently,
the IRS is examining our 2014 U.S. income tax return, the outcome of which is currently unknown.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded income tax benefits of $519,293 and $580,598, respectively,
from continuing operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded income tax benefits
of $1,334,800 and $1,785,414, respectively, from continuing operations. The blended effective tax rate for the three months ending
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 30% and 26%, respectively, and the blended effective tax rate for the nine months ending September
30, 2016 and 2015 was 30% and 25%, respectively. The effective blended tax rate varies from our statutory U.S. tax rate due to
income generated in certain other jurisdictions at various tax rates.  

Valuation
Allowance   

We
record a deferred tax asset if we believe that it is more likely than not that we will realize a future tax benefit. Ultimate
realization of any deferred tax asset is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in the appropriate
tax jurisdiction before the expiration of carryforward periods, if any. Our assessment of deferred tax asset recoverability considers
many different factors including historical and projected operating results, the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities
that provide a source of future taxable income, the impact of current tax planning strategies and the availability of future tax
planning strategies. We establish a valuation allowance against any deferred tax asset for which we are unable to conclude that
recoverability is more likely than not. This is inherently judgmental, since we are required to assess many different factors
and evaluate as much objective evidence as we can in reaching an overall conclusion. The particularly sensitive component of our
evaluation is our projection of future operating results since this relies heavily on our estimates of future revenue and expense
levels by tax jurisdiction.  

At
September 30, 2016 we have established a $2.9 million valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets given the uncertainty
of recoverability of these amounts.  

In
making our assessment of U.S. deferred tax asset recoverability, we considered our historical financial results, our projected
future financial results, the planned reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities and the impact of any tax planning actions.
Based on our analysis we noted both positive and negative factors relative to our ability to support realization of certain U.S.
deferred tax assets. However, based on the weighting of all the evidence, including the near term effect on our U.S. income projections
of investments we are making in our team, product and systems infrastructure, we concluded that it was more likely than not that
the majority of our U.S. deferred tax assets related to temporary differences may not be recovered. The establishment of a valuation
allowance has no effect on our ability to use the underlying deferred tax assets prior to expiration to reduce cash tax payments
in the future to the extent that we generate U.S. taxable income.  

Note
13: Stock-Based Compensation   

From
time to time, the Company grants stock option awards to officers and employees and grants stock awards to directors as compensation
for their service to the Company.  

In
November 2010, the Company adopted the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan ( the Plan ) which was amended in April 2011, August
2013, April 2014 and February 2016. As amended, up to 1,650,000 shares of common stock are available for issuance under the Plan.
The Plan provides for the issuance of stock options and other stock-based awards.  

Stock
Options   

Stock
option awards under the Plan have a 10-year maximum contractual term and must be issued at an exercise price of not less than
100% of the fair market value of the common stock at the date of grant. The Plan is administered by the Board of Directors, which
has the authority to determine to whom options may be granted, the period of exercise and what other restrictions, if any, should
apply. Vesting for awards granted to date under the Plan is principally over four years from the date of the grant, with 25% of
the award vesting after one year with monthly vesting thereafter.  

Option
awards are valued based on the grant date fair value of the instruments, net of estimated forfeitures, using a Black-Scholes option
pricing model with the following assumptions:  

The
weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.93.  

For
grants prior to January 1, 2015, the volatility assumption was based on historical volatility of similar sized companies due to
lack of historical data of the Company s stock price. For all grants subsequent to January 1, 2015, the volatility assumption
reflects the Company s historic stock volatility for the period of February 1, 2014 forward, which is the date the Company s
stock started actively trading. The risk free interest rate was determined based on treasury securities with maturities equal
to the expected term of the underlying award. The expected term was determined based on the simplified method outlined in Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 110.  

Stock
option awards are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. During the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized expense of $102,105 and $152,602, respectively, associated with stock option awards.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized expense of $333,650 and $481,042, respectively,
associated with stock option awards. At September 30, 2016, future stock compensation expense associated with stock options (net
of estimated forfeitures) not yet recognized was $1,220,844 and will be recognized over a weighted average remaining vesting period
of 2.88 years. The following summarizes stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

The
total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $1,854.  

Stock
Awards   

  During
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company issued 11,052 and 9,183 shares, respectively, to non-employee
directors as compensation for their service on the board. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, such awards
totaled 40,531 and 30,097 shares, respectively. Such stock awards are immediately vested.  

Stock
awards are valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant, and compensation cost is recorded on a
straight line basis over the share vesting period. The total fair value of stock awards granted, vested and expensed during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $61,830 and $52,500, respectively. The total fair value of stock awards granted,
vested and expensed during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $166,113 and $157,500, respectively. As of September
30, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to stock awards.  

Note
14: Warrants   

On
January 30, 2014, in connection with an $11.5 million financing transaction, the Company issued 80,000 warrants to purchase common
stock at an exercise price of $7.81 per share with a term of 5 years. The fair value of the warrants was determined using the
Black-Scholes option valuation model. The warrants expire on January 30, 2020 and have a remaining contractual life of 3.3 years
as of September 30, 2016. These warrants became exercisable on January 30, 2015.  

On
January 28, 2015, the Company cancelled 30,000 warrants originally issued on August 1, 2013 in connection with a consulting agreement
in exchange for the Company issuing 5,000 shares of restricted Company common stock.  

The
following table summarizes information about the Company s warrants at September 30, 2016:  

No
warrants were issued in 2015 or 2016 to date.  

Note
15: Commitments and Contingencies   

Litigation   

The
Company may from time to time be involved in legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business. The Company is not
a party to any litigation of a material nature.  

Operating
Leases and Service Contracts   

The
Company rents its facilities with leases ranging from month-to-month to several years in duration. Most of its service contracts
are on a month-to-month basis, however, some contracts and agreements extend out to longer periods. Future minimum lease payments
and payments due under non-cancelable service contracts are as follows as of September 30, 2016:  

Employment
Agreements   

The
Company has employment agreements with several members of its leadership team and executive officers.  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, included herewith.
This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future,
or that any conclusion reached herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion
represents only the best present assessment of our management. This information should also be read in conjunction with our audited
historical consolidated financial statements which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016.   

Overview   

We
provide SaaS based marketing technologies to customers around the world. Our focus is on marketing automation tools that enable
customers to interact with a lead from an early stage and nurture that potential customer using advanced features until it becomes
a qualified sales lead or customer. We offer our premium SharpSpring marketing automation solution as well as SharpSpring Mail+,
which is a subset of the full suite solution that is focused on more traditional email marketing while also including some of
the advanced functionality available in our premium offering. During 2016, we discontinued the GraphicMail email marketing product
and migrated those customers to our SharpSpring Mail+ product. On June 27, 2016, we sold our SMTP email relay service which provided
customers with the ability to increase the deliverability of email with less time, cost and complexity than handling it themselves.  

In
addition to our growth through strategic acquisitions in 2014, we believe our recent growth has been driven by the strong demand
for marketing automation technology solutions, particularly in the small and mid-size business market. Our products are offered
at competitive prices with unlimited multi-lingual customer support. We employ a subscription-based revenue model. We also earn
revenues from additional usage charges that may come into effect when a customer exceeds a transactional quota, as well as fees
earned for additional products and services.  

On
August 15, 2014, we acquired substantially all the assets and assumed certain liabilities of SharpSpring LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, which were assigned to our wholly owned subsidiary SharpSpring Technologies, Inc. (formerly called SharpSpring,
Inc.). The SharpSpring product engages in the business of creating, marketing, and selling software that provides marketing automation,
call tracking, and website traffic analysis and customer relationship management. It is a cloud-based marketing automation platform
that enables users to connect with customers and build relationships to drive revenue.  

On
October 17, 2014, we acquired the GraphicMail group companies ( GraphicMail ) consisting of InterInbox SA, a Swiss
corporation, InterCloud Ltd, a Gibraltar limited company, ERNEPH 2012A (Pty) Ltd. dba ISMS, a South African limited company, ERNEPH
2012B (Pty) Ltd. dba GraphicMail South Africa, a South African limited company, and Quattro Hosting LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company. GraphicMail operates as an email service provider, enabling customers to create content and manage emails being sent
to customers and distribution lists.  

On
December 1, 2015, we changed our name from SMTP, Inc. to SharpSpring, Inc., and we changed the name of our SharpSpring operating
subsidiary from SharpSpring, Inc. to SharpSpring Technologies, Inc.  

On
June 27, 2016, we sold the assets related to our SMTP email relay service.  

Unless
the context otherwise requires, in this section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations all references to  SharpSpring  relate to the SharpSpring product, while all references to  our
Company,   we,   our  or  us  and other similar terms means SharpSpring, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and all subsidiaries as of the dates of their respective acquisitions.  

Results
of Operations    

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    

Unless
otherwise noted, all figures and comparisons relate to our continuing operations.   

Revenues
increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due
to growth in our SharpSpring marketing automation customer base. We continue to acquire new customers that add to the base of
customers paying us monthly for using the SaaS marketing automation platform. Revenues for our flagship marketing automation platform
increased to $2.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $1.25 million in the third quarter of 2015. This growth in revenues
was offset by reduced revenue from our traditional email marketing products (SharpSpring Mail+ and GraphicMail). Additionally,
we experienced higher attrition related to the migration of customers from the GraphicMail platform to the SharpSpring Mail+ platform
during the second and third quarters of 2016. Currency rate changes had an approximate $37,000 negative impact on our third quarter
2016 revenues compared to our third quarter in 2015.  

Cost
of services increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily
due to costs to support increased revenues and incremental business from new customer additions to SharpSpring. As a percentage
of revenues, cost of services were 42% and 31% of revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
This decrease in gross margin reflects a lower gross margin for our higher-growth SharpSpring product, which has become a much
larger percent of the overall business, as we invest in resources to support the future growth of that product. Additionally,
we added infrastructure costs during the first half of 2016 related to our planned migration of GraphicMail customers to the SharpSpring
platform.  

Sales
and marketing expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in marketing program spending for events and other lead generation activities.
Additionally, we experienced higher recruiting fees related to our Chief Marketing Officer search and higher restructuring charges
related to our South African office closure during the third quarter of 2016. These increases were somewhat offset by lower partner
reseller fees related to the fact that the Company acquired the customer sets from several resellers during the last nine months,
and ceased paying reseller fees to those partners following the acquisitions.  

Research
and development expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015 primarily due to additional hiring of development and quality assurance staff focused on our premium SharpSpring offering
since last year.  

General
and administrative expenses decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015 primarily due to lower restructuring charges. During the third quarter of 2015, we incurred approximately $430,000 of
restructuring charges, primarily associated with the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer. Somewhat offsetting those
decreases, we incurred higher facility-related costs and bad debt expense during 2016.  

The
acquisitions of SharpSpring and GraphicMail included liability-based contingent consideration which is re-measured during each
reporting period until the ultimate settlement in the first and second quarters of 2016. These re-measurements resulted in additional
charges that are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). During the three months ended September
30, 2015, we incurred a charge of $270,065 related to the adjustment to the earn out liabilities for SharpSpring and GraphicMail.
The GraphicMail earn out was fully settled during the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and the SharpSpring earn out was fully settled
during the quarter ended June 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, there are no remaining earn out related charges or liabilities.  

Amortization
of intangible assets decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30,
2015 due to the reduction of amortization related to the GraphicMail trade name and technology intangibles. Due to the elimination
of the GraphicMail product and the Company s decision to cease using the GraphicMail name brand, the Company accelerated
the amortization expense of the associated intangible values to become fully amortized as of March 31, 2016. The Company did not
record any amortization expense related to these intangibles during the three months ended September 30, 2016. This reduction
was offset by increased amortization of intangibles acquired as part of the SharpSpring acquisition related to expected benefit
derived in each period, and the acquisition of intangible assets related to the buy-out of several country partners during late
2015 and 2016 which are now being amortized.  

Other
income (expense) is generally related to foreign exchange gains and losses derived from owing amounts or having amounts owed in
currencies other than the entity s functional currency. Additionally, during the three months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company recorded income in the amount of $57,825 related to the performance of services pursuant to the transition services
agreement associated with the SMTP email relay product sale.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, our income tax benefit related to a benefit derived from net operating losses from
our U.S. operations offset by a small amount of income derived in foreign jurisdictions at the applicable statutory tax rates.
During the three months ended September 30, 2015, our income tax benefit primarily related to a benefit derived from net operating
losses from our U.S. operations.  

Discontinued
operations, net of tax, represents revenue, offset by expenses and taxes, related to our SMTP email relay business that was sold
on June 27, 2016 to an unrelated third party.  

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    

Unless
otherwise noted, all figures and comparisons relate to our continuing operations.    

Revenues
increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due
to growth in our SharpSpring marketing automation customer base. Revenues for our flagship marketing automation platform increased
to $6.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $2.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This
growth in revenues was offset by reduced revenue from our traditional email marketing products (SharpSpring Mail+ and GraphicMail).
Additionally, we experienced higher attrition related to the migration of customers from the GraphicMail platform to the SharpSpring
Mail+ platform during the second and third quarters of 2016. Currency rate changes had an approximate $167,000 negative impact
on our year to date revenues for the period ending September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  

Cost
of services increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily
due to costs to support increased revenues and incremental business from new customer additions to SharpSpring. As a percentage
of revenues, cost of services were 39% and 28% of revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
This reflects a lower gross margin for our SharpSpring product, which has become a much larger percent of the overall business,
as we invest in resources to support the future growth of that product. Additionally, we added infrastructure costs during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to our planned migration of GraphicMail customers to the SharpSpring platform.  

Sales
and marketing expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in marketing program spending for events and other lead generation activities.
Additionally, we experienced an increase in sales and marketing headcount-related costs due to recent hires and higher commissions
expense. These increases were somewhat offset by lower partner reseller fees related to the fact that the Company acquired the
customer bases for several resellers during the last nine months, and ceased paying reseller fees to those partners following
the acquisitions.  

Research
and development expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September
30, 2015 primarily due to additional hiring of development and quality assurance staff since last year. Headcount-related costs
for this group increased by approximately $303,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in
2015.  

General
and administrative expenses remained consistent for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, with higher facilities costs and bad debt expense offsetting reductions in restructuring fees. During the
third quarter of 2015, we incurred approximately $430,000 of restructuring charges, primarily associated with the departure of
our former CEO.  

The
acquisitions of SharpSpring and GraphicMail included liability-based contingent consideration which is re-measured during each
reporting period until the ultimate settlement in the first and second quarters of 2016. These re-measurements resulted in additional
charges that are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred charges of $219,473 and $2,641,397, respectively, related to the adjustment to the earn out liabilities
for SharpSpring and GraphicMail. The charge in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes an accelerated charge for the
early settlement of $5 million of SharpSpring earn out liability in May 2015. The GraphicMail earn out was fully settled during
the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and the SharpSpring earn out was fully settled during the quarter ended June 30, 2016. As of
September 30, 2016, there are no remaining earn out related charges or liabilities.  

Amortization
of intangible assets decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015 due primarily to the reduction of amortization related to the GraphicMail trade name and technology intangibles. Due to the
elimination of the GraphicMail product and the Company s decision to cease using the GraphicMail name brand, the Company
accelerated the amortization expense of the associated intangible values to become fully amortized as of March 31, 2016. The Company
did not record any amortization expense related to these intangibles during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Offsetting
this decrease was higher SharpSpring intangible amortization for an increased expected benefit derived in the 2016 period compared
to 2015. Additionally, we incurred additional amortization expense from the acquisition of intangible assets related to the buy-out
of several country partners during late 2015 and 2016 which are now being amortized.  

Other
income (expense) is generally related to foreign exchange gains and losses derived from owing amounts or having amounts owed in
currencies other than the entity s functional currency. However, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
recorded a gain related to a favorable claim from the GraphicMail escrow hold-back account of $259,760. Additionally, during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded income in the amount of $57,825 related to the performance of services
pursuant to the transition services agreement associated with the SMTP email relay product sale.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our income tax benefit related to losses incurred by our consolidated U.S. entities
offset by a small amount of expense related to income derived in foreign jurisdictions at the applicable statutory tax rates.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our income tax expense primarily related to a benefit derived from net operating
losses from our U.S. operations. The tax expense related to the gain on the sale of the SMTP email relay business is shown in
discontinued operations, net of tax, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Discontinued
operations, net of tax, represents revenue, offset by expenses and taxes, related to our SMTP email relay business that was sold
on June 27, 2016 to an unrelated third party.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Sources
and Uses of Cash   

Our
primary source of operating cash inflows from continuing operations are net remittances from customers for our services. Such
payments are sometimes received in advance of providing the services, yielding a deferred revenue liability on our consolidated
balance sheet. On June 27, 2016, we sold our SMTP email relay business for approximately $15.0 million, approximately $14.0 million
of which was received during the second quarter of 2016 with $1.0 million scheduled to be received at the one year anniversary
of the disposition, pursuant to the terms of the asset purchase agreement. From time to time, we also raise funds from offering
our common stock for sale to new and existing investors. Additionally, in March 2016, the Company obtained a $2.5 million revolving
credit facility to provide additional financing flexibility in the future. No amounts have been borrowed under the facility to
date.  

Our
other primary sources of cash outflows from operations include payroll and payments to vendors and third party service providers.
As a result of the sale of the SMTP email relay business, we also have significant cash outflows in the 2016 year related to payments
of U.S. income taxes from the gain on the asset sale. In the third quarter of 2016, we made preliminary tax payments of approximately
$2.6 million related to this gain (offset by other operating losses) and expect to make an additional payment of approximately
$1.0 million during the fourth quarter of 2016 related to our estimated U.S. tax liability. During 2016, we also acquired customer
relationship assets for cash from several former GraphicMail third party resellers. Additionally, we also disbursed $1,000,000
of cash in April 2016 for an earn out payment to the former SharpSpring shareholders and $207,929 of cash in March 2016 for an
earn out payment to the former GraphicMail shareholders.  

Analysis
of Cash Flows   

Net
cash used in operating activities from our continuing operations increased by $2.7 to $5.1 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, compared to $2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in cash used in operating activities
was attributable primarily to an increase in tax payments of $2.6 million and other expenditures related to growing our SaaS marketing
automation platform, which generated greater losses in 2016 compared to 2015.  

Net
cash used in investing activities was $1.0 million and $0.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015,
respectively. For the nine months ending September 30, 2016, cash used in investing activities includes $548,278 of cash paid
to several former GraphicMail third-party resells to acquire customer relationship assets. Additionally, the Company used $442,231
to purchase property and equipment during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $273,064 in the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in asset purchases in 2016 relates primarily to new furniture and fixtures in the Company s
new headquarters office in Gainesville, FL.  

Net
cash used in financing activities was $1,206,804 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3,473,464 provided
by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the nine months ending September 30, 2016, the
Company paid $1.0 million to the former SharpSpring shareholders and $207,929 to the former GraphicMail shareholders related to
earn out payments from those 2014 acquisitions. During the nine months ended. September 30, 2015, we raised $2 million (net of
expenses) in an offering of common stock and paid $2 million to former SharpSpring shareholders related to an early settlement
of part of the cash-based earn out for that acquisition. In addition, we raised approximately $3.4 million (net of expenses) from
a stock offering in August 2015. We also received $141,441 related to proceeds from stock option exercises during the nine months
ended September 30, 2015.  

We
had net working capital of approximately $10.5 million and negative ($1.8 million) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. The change to positive working capital in 2016 relates to the sale proceeds from the SMTP asset sale and the settlement
of the SharpSpring earn out liability (in cash and shares), both of which occurred during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. The negative net working capital at December 31, 2015 was primarily attributable to our short term earn out liability of
$5.2 million. The majority of this earn out liability related to SharpSpring, for which 80% of the liability was settled in stock.
Our cash balance increased to $11.6 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $4.2 million at December 31, 2015.  

Contractual
Obligations   

We
rent our facilities with leases ranging from month-to-month to several years in duration. Most of our service contracts are also
on a month-to-month basis. However, from time to time, we enter into non-cancelable service contracts including longer-term contracts
and payments for the acquisition of customer relationships from resellers. Future minimum lease payments and payments due under
non-cancelable service contracts are as follows as of September 30, 2016:  

Significant
Accounting Policies   

Our
significant accounting policies, including the assumptions and judgments underlying them, are disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. We have consistently applied these policies in all material respects. We do not believe that our operations
to date have involved uncertainty of accounting treatment, subjective judgment, or estimates, to any significant degree.  

Off-balance
sheet arrangements   

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk   

Not
applicable.  

Item
4.  Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September
30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that, as of September 30, 2016 the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in that they provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including
the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.  

Changes
in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting . We disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015 that management had concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31,
2015 due to gaps in segregation of duties. We are working to improve such documentation in order to render our internal controls
effective; however, no change in our Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during our third fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings.   

Not
applicable.  

Item
1A.  Risk Factors.   

Except
as set forth below, there has been no material changes in our risk factors from those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on March 30, 2016.  

We
have a history of losses and may not achieve profitability in the future. The sale of the SMTP email relay business negatively
impacts our profitability and ability to become profitable in the future.    

We
have a history of recent operating losses and the sale of the SMTP email relay product makes us less profitable. Excluding any
income derived from the SMTP email relay product, we generated a net loss from continuing operations of $9.6 million in 2015.
In addition, we plan to increase spending on the development of our technology platform and on our sales and marketing efforts
as we continue to expand our offering and target new customers. In order to become profitable with this planned increase in spending,
our revenues will need to increase dramatically. Our efforts to grow our business may be more costly than we expect, and we may
not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our higher operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future
for a number of reasons, including the other risks described herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2016.
Also, we may experience unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays that may impact our profitability. If we are
unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the market price of our common stock may significantly decrease.  

As
a consequence of being a smaller reporting company, the significant decrease in our revenue resulting from the sale of our SMTP
email relay business will make the cost of being a public company a greater strain on our systems and resources.     

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act), and the rules
and regulations of The NASDAQ Stock Market. The requirements of these rules and regulations increase our legal, accounting and
financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and may also place undue strain on
our personnel, systems and resources. The cost and effort to maintain this public-company profile are now leveraged against a
smaller revenue base, making it an even larger cost impact as a percent of revenue than it was previously.  

As
a result of the sale of our SMTP email relay business, our parent company no longer generates revenue from third parties and will
now rely on payments, advances and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet its financial obligations.     

As
a result of the sale of our SMTP email relay business, our parent company no longer generates revenue from third parties and has
no significant assets other than ownership of 100% of the capital stock of our subsidiaries. Because we conduct our operations
through our subsidiaries, we depend on those entities for payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations.
The financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries,
and in the future, legal and contractual restrictions which may govern future indebtedness of our subsidiaries may also limit
our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. The earnings from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries might not
be sufficient to make distributions or loans to enable us to pay our obligations. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

Not
Applicable.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

Not
Applicable.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
Applicable.  

Item
5.  Other Information.   

Not
Applicable.  

Item
6. Exhibits.   

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

SharpSpring,
    Inc.   

By:  
       /s/Richard
    A. Carlson    

Richard
    A. Carlson   

Chief
                                         Executive Officer and President  
          (Principal
        Executive Officer)  
          Date:
        November 14, 2016  

SharpSpring,
    Inc.   

By:  
      / s/
    Edward Lawton    

Edward
                                         Lawton  
          Chief
        Financial Officer    

(Principal
                                         Financial Officer)  
          Date:
        November 14, 2016    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Richard A. Carlson
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SharpSpring, Inc. (the  registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      Signature:  
       /s/
    Richard A. Carlson    

Richard
                                         A. Carlson 
         Chief Executive Officer and President   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Edward Lawton, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SharpSpring, Inc. (the  registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      Signature:  
       /s/ Edward Lawton    

Edward Lawton 
         Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of SharpSpring, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard A. Carlson,
Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, that, to my knowledge:  

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.  

Date
    : November 14, 2016  
       /s/
    Richard A. Carlson    

Richard
                                         A. Carlson  
          Chief
        Executive Officer and President    

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and
(b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate
disclosure document.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of SharpSpring, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Edward Lawton,
Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, that, to my knowledge:  

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.  

Date
    : November 14, 2016  
       /s/
    Edward Lawton    

Edward
                                         Lawton  
          Chief
        Financial Officer    

(Principal
    Financial Officer)   

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and
(b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate
disclosure document.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 shsp-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 shsp-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 shsp-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 shsp-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 shsp-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 shsp-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

