<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161013_10-K_edgar_data_1574460_0001213900-16-017495_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6738529</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>290101</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>465073</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1946855</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2471996</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1409349</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>118</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017495.hdr.sgml : 20161013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161013163148
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017495
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Straight Path Communications Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001574460
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		IRS NUMBER:				462457757
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36015
		FILM NUMBER:		161935241

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5300 HICKORY PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 218
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23059
		BUSINESS PHONE:		804-433-1522

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5300 HICKORY PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 218
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23059

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017495.txt : 20161013

10-K
 1
 f10k2016_straightpath.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

Annual
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934  

for
the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016,  

or  

Transition
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934.  

Commission
File Number: 1-36015  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
         
       45-2457757    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of 
    incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer 
    Identification No.)   

5300
Hickory Park Drive, Suite 218, Glen Allen, Virginia, 23059   

  (Address
of principal executive offices, zip code)  

(804)
433-1522   

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Title
    of each class  
         
      Name
    of each exchange on which registered   
 
       Class
B common stock, par value $.01 per share   
         
       NYSE
MKT    

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes    No    

  Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes    No     

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    No     

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes    No     

  Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     

  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.    

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
          
      Smaller
    reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes    No    

  The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price
on January 29, 2016 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the
Class B common stock of $22.50 per share, as reported on the NYSE MKT, was approximately $135.132,000.    

 As o f October 12, 2016,  the registrant had outstanding 787,163
shares of Class A common stock and 11,555,909 shares of Class B common stock. Excluded from these numbers are 39,693 shares
of Class B common stock held in treasury by Straight Path Communications Inc. 

   DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

The
    definitive proxy statement relating to the registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held January 12, 2017,
    is incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent described therein.   

Index

Straight
Path Communications Inc.   

Annual
Report on Form 10-K   

Part I   
      1   

Item 1. Business   
      1   
 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors   
      11   
 
       Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments   
      22   
 
       Item 2. Properties   
      22   
 
       Item 3. Legal Proceedings   
      22   
 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      24   

Part II   
      25   

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      25   
 
       Item 6. Selected Financial Data   
      27   
 
       Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      27   
 
       Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks   
      42   
 
       Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      42   
 
       Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      43   
 
       Item 9A. Controls and Procedures   
      43   
 
       Item 9B. Other Information   
      43   

Part III   
      44   

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      44   
 
       Item 11. Executive Compensation   
      44   
 
       Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      44   
 
       Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      44   
 
       Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
      44   

Part IV   
      45   

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   
      45   

Signatures   
      46   

Part
I   

As
used in this Annual Report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms  the Company,   Straight Path Communications, 
 SPCI,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Straight Path Communications Inc., a Delaware
corporation and its subsidiaries, collectively. Each reference to a fiscal year in this Annual Report refers to the fiscal year
ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, Fiscal 2016 refers to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016).   

Item 1.
Business.   

OVERVIEW   

Straight Path Communications Inc. is a communications asset company.
We own 100% of Straight Path Spectrum, Inc. ( Straight Path Spectrum ), 100% of Straight Path Ventures, LLC ( Straight
Path Ventures ), and 84.5% of Straight Path IP Group, Inc. ( Straight Path IP Group ). 

Straight
Path Spectrum s wholly owned subsidiary, Straight Path Spectrum, LLC, holds, leases, and markets wireless spectrum. Straight
Path Ventures develops next generation wireless technology, particularly for 39 gigahertz ( GHz ). Straight Path IP
Group owns intellectual property primarily related to communications over the Internet, and the licensing and other businesses
related to this intellectual property.    

We
were formerly a subsidiary of IDT Corporation ( IDT ). On July 31, 2013, we were spun-off from IDT to its stockholders
and became an independent public company.   

Each
of our businesses is described in more detail below.  

Financial
information by segment is presented below under the heading  Business Segment Information  in the Notes to our Consolidated
Financial Statements in this Annual Report.  

Our
main offices are located at 5300 Hickory Park Drive Suite 218, Glen Allen, Virginia 23059. The telephone number at our headquarters
is (804) 433-1522, and our website is  www.straightpath.com .  

We
make available, free of charge, through the investor relations page of our website (straightpath.com/investors) our annual reports
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to these reports, and all beneficial
ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers, and beneficial owners of more than 10% of our equity as soon
as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).
We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for all of our employees, including our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer. Copies of the code of business conduct and ethics are available on our website.  

Our
website and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K
or our other filings with the SEC.  

KEY
EVENTS IN OUR HISTORY AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   

We
were incorporated in the State of Delaware in April 2013.  

On
July 31, 2013, IDT, our former parent corporation, completed a tax-free spin-off (the  Spin-Off ) of our capital stock,
through a pro rata distribution of our common stock to its stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 25, 2013
(the  Spin-Off record date ). As a result of the Spin-Off, each of IDT s stockholders received: (i) one share
of our Class A common stock for every two shares of IDT s Class A common stock held on the Spin-Off record date; (ii) one
share of our Class B common stock for every two shares of IDT s Class B common stock held on the Spin-Off record date; and
(iv) cash in lieu of a fractional share of all classes of our common stock.  

Straight
Path Spectrum    

Federal
Communications Commission (the  FCC ) advances approval of mobile services in millimeter wave ( mmW ),
including adopting the Upper Microwave Flexible Use ( UMFU ) Report and Order   

On July 14, 2016, the FCC voted to adopt the UMFU Report and Order,
which opens four mmW bands for flexible mobile and fixed wireless services. The rules apply to 28 GHz (27.50-28.35 GHz, or local
multipoint distribution service ( LMDS ) A1), 37 GHz (37.0-38.6 GHz), and 39 GHz (38.6-40.0 GHz) bands, and a new
unlicensed band at 60 GHz (64.0-71.0 GHz). The UMFU Report and Order is the culmination of a 21-month regulatory process that
began when the FCC released a Notice of Inquiry ( NOI ) on October 17, 2014 to examine the potential for the provision
of mobile radio services in bands above 24 GHz. Comments from much of the wireless telecommunications industry were generally
positive, with many commenters urging the FCC to move toward authorization of mobile services as rapidly as possible. 

On
October 23, 2015, the FCC released its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ( NPRM ) as the next step in its regulatory process.
The NPRM narrowed the bands being considered for mobile use to 28 GHz, 37 GHz, 39 GHz, and 60 GHz (64.0-71.0). Other bands considered
in the NOI were not included in the NPRM.  

On
January 26, 2016, we submitted comments along with other interested parties in response to the NPRM, and on February 28, 2016
we submitted reply comments in response to the initial comments of other parties. Prior to each round of comments, we met with
staff from the FCC. The focus of our comments and reply comments addressed issues relating to rights for incumbent license holders
of 28 GHz and 39 GHz spectrum, geographic services area size, repacking the 39 GHz band to enable large contiguous blocks, potential
harmful satellite interference, and substantial service requirements and timeline.  

The
UMFU Report and Order reflects many of the proposals that we made for the 39 GHz band. The UMFU Report and Order can be found
on the FCC s website. Comments, reply comments, and related  ex parte  filings can be viewed on the FCC s Electronic
Comment Filing System and searching under the Docket No. 14-177.  

On
September 20, 2016, the Company received a letter of inquiry from the FCC requesting additional documents and information regarding
the Company s 39 GHz (38.6   40.0 GHz) and 28 GHz (27.5   28.35 GHz) spectrum licenses. For further discussion
of this inquiry, please see Item 1A to Part I  Risk Factors  in this Annual Report.  

Innovation
in Fixed Wireless Applications: Accelerating Point-to-Multipoint ( PMP ) Platform in 39 GHz   

On September 11, 2015, Straight Path entered into an agreement with
Cambridge Broadband Networks Ltd. ( CBNL ) to expedite production of a 39 GHz PMP radio. Straight Path agreed to a
$1,000,000 non-recurring engineering investment, and we expect the product to be commercially available by late 2016 or early 2017. 

Straight Path recently entered into
a multiyear spectrum lease agreement with  Windstream,  a nationwide advanced network communications
provider, to lease 39 GHz spectrum in 40 markets for use with CBNL  VectaStar     
39   GHz licensed PMP radios  once they are commercially released.
We anticipate this agreement will have a meaningful impact on our revenue once the CBNL radios are deployed.  

Deployment
of Currently Available Technology at 39 GHz to Engage Broad Customer Base   

The
Company purchased approximately $1.4 million of currently available technology at 39 GHz to deploy through independent wireless
operators in order to engage a broad customer base in advance of our deployment of the CBNL PMP radios when they become commercially
available in late 2016 or early 2017.  

Straight
Path Ventures    

Straight
Path Ventures is developing next generation wireless technology primarily for 39 GHz at its Gigabit Mobility Lab in Plano, Texas.
Although work is at an early stage, the Company decided in Q3 2016 that this activity warrants a separate reportable business
segment. On August 22, 2016, Straight Path Ventures filed a provisional patent application with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office ( USPTO ) for new 39 GHz transceiver technology. On September 19, 2016, Straight Path Ventures performed an
indoor demonstration using our prototype 39 GHz Gigarray    transceivers.  

Straight
Path IP Group    

In
Fiscal 2014 and early Fiscal 2015, Straight Path IP Group entered into 12 settlement and/or licensing agreements with licenses
and settlement payments received in the aggregate amount of $18,338,000.  

On October 9, 2014, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board of the USPTO
(the  PTAB ) issued an administrative decision stating that claims 1-7 and 32-42 of U.S. Patent No. 6,108,704 (the
  704 Patent ) are unpatentable. Straight Path IP Group appealed that decision. On November 25, 2015, the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the  CAFC ) reversed the PTAB s decision and remanded the case back
to the PTAB for further proceedings. On May 23, 2016, the PTAB issued a final written decision finding none of the challenged claims
unpatentable. 

Following
the favorable CAFC decision, the PTAB denied pending petitions for  inter partes  review ( IPR ) of the  704
Patent and other patents held by Straight Path IP Group. As well, the PTAB found nearly all the claims patentable over the prior
art in pending IPRs. The petitioners have appealed to the CAFC.  

In
addition, in civil actions pending in federal district courts for the Eastern District of Virginia and Eastern District of Texas,
Straight Path IP Group has requested that the courts lift the stays previously put in place pending the outcome of the IPRs. The
Eastern District of Virginia denied the request and continued the stay pending a decision on the CAFC appeals. Straight Path IP
Group also filed complaints for patent infringement against several Verizon affiliates in the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and against Apple, Inc. ( Apple ), Avaya Inc. ( Avaya ), and Cisco Systems, Inc.
( Cisco ) in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California.  

For
further discussion of these actions and other legal proceedings, please see Item 3 to Part I  Legal Proceedings  in
this Annual Report.  

STRAIGHT
PATH SPECTRUM   

Overview

We
hold a significant number of licenses approved for fixed and mobile wireless spectrum in the United States, providing broad geographic
coverage and a large amount of total bandwidth in many areas. These include licenses in what are known as the 39 GHz (38.6-40
GHz) band and the 28 GHz (27.5-28.35 GHz) portion of the LMDS band. We also hold licenses for fixed wireless spectrum in other
parts of the LMDS band. We have 39 GHz spectrum licenses covering the entire continental U.S. with an average of more than 800
megahertz ( MHz ) of bandwidth in the top 30 U.S. markets (measured by population according to the 2010 U.S. Census),
as well as LMDS licenses in many key markets.  

On July 14, 2016, after a 21-month regulatory process, the FCC voted
to adopt the UMFU Report   Order, which opens our spectrum for flexible mobile and fixed wireless services. As the demand for
significantly greater capacity within wireless networks has grown rapidly, planning and investment for 5th generation ( 5G )
mobile networks has become a major focus of the mobile industry. We believe that our spectrum holdings which cover the entire
continental U.S. and have capacity that is substantially greater than currently used access frequencies are well-suited for
use in 5G networks. While 5G technology is being developed and may be years away from commercialization, the preparatory steps specifically
putting in place a regulatory framework  where these technologies can flourish  are underway. Straight Path
is also participating in standard setting, namely through 3GPP, as a contributing member. 

Currently, our spectrum is used primarily to provide fixed wireless
services for existing Wireless Internet Service Providers ( WISPs ) and Mobile Network Operators ( MNOs ).
WISPs are increasingly recognizing the cost effectiveness and flexibility of wireless transport (as opposed to fiber transport),
and many of the fastest growing internet service providers are seeking to reach new customers, and upgrading their networks using
wireless solutions. Therefore, we expect an increasing market for our spectrum leases with WISPs as they utilize our spectrum
in their wireless networks for last mile connectivity and various back haul and other applications, instead of utilizing alternative
bands, particularly in major metropolitan areas. 

MNOs
have used our spectrum for macro cellular backhaul where fiber backhaul is not available or as a substitute for fiber. The wireless
communications market is undergoing a transformational change as result of exponential increase in demand for faster and more
robust data capability for mobile devices. In this transformation, many MNOs are expected to deploy small cells. As the number
of cell sites proliferate, so will the need for the backhaul capacity.  

History   

In
December 2001, IDT, through its subsidiary, Winstar Holdings, LLC, acquired FCC spectrum licenses and other assets from the bankruptcy
estate of Winstar Communications, Inc. Certain of those spectrum licenses were transferred to Straight Path Spectrum, Inc. (then
known as IDT Spectrum, Inc.). Certain licenses were allowed to lapse upon expiration, and others were extended, resulting in the
holdings described below.  

Our
Spectrum Holdings   

We hold a significant number of licenses approved for fixed and mobile
wireless spectrum in the U.S., providing broad geographic coverage and a large amount of total bandwidth in many markets. Our 39
GHz licenses comprise our primary spectrum holdings. Currently, the U.S. is divided into 175 licensable Economic Areas ( EAs )
for 39 GHz spectrum. We hold 828 EA licenses in the 39 GHz band that cover all 175 EAs. Based on a comparison of the geographic
areas covered by our licenses with the U.S. Census Bureau s 2010 Census, we cover all of the U.S. population. We hold 39
GHz licenses in all U.S. markets, which is more than 90% of active EA licenses. Our 39 GHz licenses include at least 100 MHz of
total bandwidth in every EA in the U.S., and in higher population areas, our 39 GHz licenses cover 600 MHz or more of bandwidth;
for instance, in the top 30 markets (by population) we have an average of more than 800 MHz in the 39 GHz band, and we have up
to 1,100 MHz in several EAs. As a result, we believe that we are well positioned to provide a single source of fixed and mobile
wireless spectrum solutions across a variety of geographic areas and bandwidth requirements. 

We
also hold 133 LMDS Basic Trading Area ( BTA ) licenses, including 16 licenses in the 27.5   28.35 GHz LMDS A1
band that was included in the UMFU Report and Order adopted by the FCC on July 14, 2016.  

Wireless
Spectrum   

Fixed
wireless systems offer an alternative means of providing high-speed, high-capacity voice and data transmissions using antennae
placed at strategic points connected by direct line-of-sight. In many circumstances, fixed wireless systems eliminate the need
for expensive and time-consuming trenching or physical connections to wired networks. We believe that wireless systems, and systems
using our proposed installations, are also more flexible than wired solutions, and that there are specific characteristics of
our spectrum assets that make them more attractive than other wireless spectrum bands for fixed applications.  

Our
Strategy   

Fixed
Wireless   

Our
strategy is to focus on applications and geographies where our spectrum holdings are best suited to meet the needs of the market
for fixed wireless applications, ranging from point-to-point ( PTP ) links, PMP sectors, and small cells.  We
seek to leverage the inherent advantages and capabilities of our assets, including the breadth and depth of the portfolio to educate
various communications industry participants as to how our offerings best meet the needs of their operations for backhaul and
other transmission capacity.  

We
focus on wireless operators typically providing services in metro markets, where we can best exploit the physical properties and
advantages of our spectrum assets, which include high-bandwidth and high-circuit density.  We are developing working
relationships with service providers, systems integrators, equipment and technology supply partners to ensure that all the elements
necessary to deploy our spectrum are available to our prospective customers, primarily wireless network operators, such as,
but not limited to, WISPs and MNOs.  

We
currently believe that PMP solutions are the most likely to provide growth in our spectrum lease revenue and new customer acquisition
in the short term. We are actively seeking to lease our spectrum to operators who purchase the CBNL LMDS PMP radios, as well as
with other vendors  hardware, as appropriate.  

5G
/ Mobility   

We
are also actively pursuing more dynamic opportunities, primarily 5G, to market our spectrum for applicable additional uses. Straight
Path is a contributing member of ATIS 3GPP, the leading standard setting body for 5G. We are advocating for bands up to 40 GHz
to be included in the initial standards for 5G.  

Straight
Path Spectrum s assets are complemented by technology being developed by Straight Path Ventures, which opened our Gigabit
Mobility Lab in Plano, Texas run by our Chief Technology Officer, Zhouyue (Jerry) Pi. We hired additional personnel with technical
expertise to achieve our goal: to develop a next generation transceiver capable of 5G services at 39 GHz within 18 months. On
September 19, 2016, we did an indoor demo as described above. In the coming months, we expect to do an outdoor demo covering a
larger distance. We believe we have the ability to deliver on this goal, and to thereby seek to have a noticeable impact on the
wireless industry and to continue to build the inherent value in our spectrum.  

Our
Services    

Spectrum
Leasing Services   

We
currently lease spectrum and provide related services for last mile, mid-mile, fixed access, and backhaul applications to internet
service and telecommunications providers and other companies that operate fixed wireless networks and have the staff and operational
systems to support a network build-out.  

We
believe that our spectrum holdings may provide a cost-effective and attractive solution for these needs as compared to fiber optic
or other wired or wireless alternatives:  

Our
spectrum is able to carry large volumes of traffic from one point to another point (point-to-point or  PTP ) or from
one point to a number of points (PMP);  

Our
    spectrum is scalable as to volume and geographic coverage;   

Our
    spectrum may be deployed at lower cost than new wired connectivity;   

Our
    spectrum may be implemented quickly and without the need to secure additional rights;   

We
    can deploy our spectrum assets flexibly and support multiple customers in a single area;   

Because
    of our substantial holdings in large metropolitan areas, we can utilize our spectrum for various applications and support
    the needs of the largest service providers;   

Our
    extensive bandwidth in high population density areas enables us to deploy multiple adjacent channels   or concatenate
      to support extremely high volume applications;   

Because
    we own spectrum licenses across the U.S., we can provide a large scale solution for national WISPs and MNOs; and   

For
    small cell applications, we can utilize small antennas that are not available for other wireless solutions where sites cannot
    accommodate large equipment.   

Point-to-Multipoint
Installations   

Fixed
wireless operations in our bands can be deployed using PTP or PMP installations.  PTP typically deploys highly directive
antennas at each end of the link, which requires dedicated transceiver hardware at each end of the link.  In PMP
applications, a transceiver can support multiple connection points thus reducing the expense of additional hardware and the space
demands of that equipment.  Our spectrum holdings are expressly authorized for PMP applications by the FCC.  In
PMP deployments, a hub with sectored antennas can provide connectivity to a number of terminals anywhere within the hub s
coverage area.  New sites can be added without revisiting the hub site, up to capacity limits that vary based on hardware
design, capacity considerations by the operator, or other factors.  

We
have partnered with CBNL, a leading radio manufacturer that has developed a next generation PMP radio that currently operates
in the LMDS band, to develop a PMP solution at 39 GHz. We have already entered into spectrum leases as a result, and we expect
the adoption of PMP to increase due to the cost effectiveness and flexibility to scale due to wide coverage area sectors. We have
witnessed the import of CBNL s PMP technology, as nearly all our revenue growth has resulted from leasing our spectrum for
use with PMP at 28 GHz.  

5G   

The
exponentially increasing demand for mobile broadband, coupled with the shortage of spectrum (below 3 GHz) traditionally used for
mobile communication and mobile data transmission has spurred technological advances that can utilize millimeter wave frequencies such
as ours to  access  mobile devices.  

Until
recently, millimeter wave frequencies 1   those bands from 24 GHz and higher, including our 39 GHz and LMDS had
not been considered for access to mobile devices due to their propagation characteristics. As a result, millimeter wave frequencies
have been limited to fixed, line-of-sight applications. Lower frequency access spectrum, on the other hand, can penetrate or bypass
interposing objects, such as buildings, and reach to the endpoints, i.e. end-user devices, such as mobile phones, tablets, and
other portable devices without line-of-sight (non line-of-sight). Over the past several years as data consumption has increased
exponentially, and concern has risen regarding the adequacy of the current supply of access spectrum (often referred to as the
 spectrum crunch ) technologists have developed innovative base station devices with far greater number of antenna
components (i.e. phased array) that can overcome the current propagation limitations for short, yet substantial distances far
shorter than fixed line-of-sight links, yet far greater distances and capacity than current Wi-Fi implementations.  

Straight
Path Spectrum joined NYU WIRELESS as an Industrial Affiliate to support and encourage the advances and commercialization of 5G
millimeter wave technology. Of note, many leading technology companies Samsung, Intel, Ericsson, NSN, and others are
also Industrial Affiliates at NYU WIRELESS. We hope to work collaboratively with these and other technology companies to highlight
our assets for utilization for millimeter wave mobility. Straight Path also hired Zhouyue (Jerry) Pi as our Chief Technology Officer
in September 2014. Mr. Pi is a pioneer in 5G technology, having led the group at Samsung that developed a working prototype for
mobile transmission at 28 GHz. Mr. Pi is a leader in millimeter wave mobility technology. He has co-authored more than 30 technical
journals and conference papers and is a co-inventor of more than 150 patents and applications.  

The
recognition of millimeter wave mobility as a necessary solution for the data demand and spectrum crunch has reached the highest
levels. The FCC adopted rules on July 14, 2016 to allow mobile services in a number of millimeter wave bands, as addressed above.  

Customers   

In
Fiscal 2016, Straight Path Spectrum s revenues from three different customers each amounted to 10% or more of total Straight
Path Spectrum s revenues.  

The
loss of any of these customers would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. See  Concentration
of Customers  in Item 7 of Part II  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  in this Annual Report.  

Sales
and Marketing   

We
market our services to a targeted group of WISPs, wireless communications providers, MNOs and other telecommunications carriers.
We may also market certain offerings to other commercial enterprises and through systems integrators, wireless radio vendors,
and other channel partners. Some of our efforts focus on substantial entities that are expanding their own wired or fiber optic
networks to meet their backhaul and other requirements. In addition, we intend to work with various systems integrators and other
industry channel partners that provide wireless equipment, design, and/or installation and others services to our target customers.
Currently, our services are typically leased services   telecommunications capacity leased in bulk to an operator or carrier
who then uses that capacity for their own network or to provide services to end-users.    

Competition   

We
operate in the highly competitive telecommunications market. We compete primarily on the basis of our fixed wireless spectrum
portfolio, experience and technical skills, competitive pricing model, service quality, reliability, and deployment speed.  

We
face significant competition from entities that deliver voice and data transmission service and capacity through a variety of
methods, including copper, fiber, coaxial cable, and other wireless communications solutions.  

Our
principal competitors to our current spectrum leasing services are fiber providers such as Level 3 Communications, Inc., NEON
and Verizon, cable companies such as Comcast and Time Warner, other spectrum license holders such as XO Communications, long-distance
interexchange carriers such as AT T and Verizon, and the wireless operators that lease Common Carrier fixed microwave service
from the FCC. Each competitive network option may offer advantages based on the wireless operators  particular application,
such as capacity or distance requirements, deployment time, or many other factors.  

Many
of our competitors have longer operating histories, long-standing relationships with customers and suppliers, greater name recognition,
and greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do and, as a result, may have substantial competitive advantages
over us. Additionally, market perceptions as to reliability and security for fixed wireless solutions as compared to copper or
fiber networks provide us with additional marketing challenges. We may not be able to exploit new or emerging technologies or
adapt to changes in customer requirements more quickly than these competitors, or devote the necessary resources to the marketing
and sale of our services.  

1   While
millimeter wave traditionally refers to frequencies between 30 and 300 GHz, we use the term to refer to 24 GHz and above, as that
is the range that the FCC has indicated an interest in developing to allow mobile usage therein.  

The
FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how wireless spectrum is used by licensees,
the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and resolution of issues of interference
between spectrum bands.  The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to our spectrum licenses and operations
could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business and compete with other fixed wireless
service providers.  

With
regards to the possibility of our spectrum being utilized in 5G networks, the UMFU Report and Order adopted by the FCC on July
14, 2016 allowed for mobile usage in four bands, including our 39 GHz and 28 GHz LMDS A1 spectrum. While we believe 39 GHz is
the best path forward, we recognize that competing interests abound. Other license holders in other bands will certainly attempt
to raise the profile of their assets as ideal for mobile services, while others will raise the profile of bands yet to be licensed.
In addition, on July 14, 2016, the FCC issued a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that, among other things, proposed to adopt
flexible fixed and mobile use in bands that could make up to 17.7 GHz of additional spectrum available, and ultimately holders
of licenses in these bands may compete with Straight Path.  

Unlicensed
spectrum in millimeter waves and below can also be a source of competition.  As well, MNOs are incentivized to
maximize efficiencies in the spectrum they ve already acquired. Equipment manufacturers may search for solutions that will
optimize the status quo, and delay the move to millimeter wave mobility.   

Regulatory
Framework   

Our wireless operations and wireless licenses in the 39 GHz and
LMDS bands are subject to significant regulation and oversight, primarily by the FCC and, to a certain extent, by Congress, other
federal agencies, and state and local authorities. At the federal level, the FCC has jurisdiction over the use of the electromagnetic
spectrum, including exclusive jurisdiction over licensing and technical rules for operations of mobile wireless carriers, certain
site acquisition matters, and all interstate telecommunications services. State regulatory commissions have jurisdiction over
intrastate common carrier and certain other communications providers, unless preempted by the FCC. Municipalities may regulate
limited aspects of our business by, for example, imposing zoning requirements, requiring installation permits, and controlling
access to public rights-of-way. The regulations of these agencies are continually evolving through rulemakings, adjudications,
and other administrative and judicial proceedings, and future regulatory changes or interpretation of existing regulations could
have an adverse effect on our business. 

FCC
Licensing and Regulation   

In
general, the FCC s regulations impose potential limits on, among other things, the amount of foreign investment that may
be made in some types of FCC licenses, on the transfer or sale of rights in licenses, on the construction and technical aspects
of the operation of wireless communication systems, and on the nature of the services that can be provided within a particular
frequency band.  The FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how radio
spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and resolution
of issues of interference between spectrum bands.  In addition, we are subject to certain regulatory and other fees
levied by the FCC for certain classes of licenses and services.  The adoption or modification of laws or regulations
relating to our wireless licenses and operations could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct
our business.  Under some circumstances, our licenses may be canceled or conditioned.  We also may be fined
for any violation of the FCC s rules, and in extreme cases, our licenses may be revoked.  

The
FCC determines the use of specific frequency bands by particular services.  If the FCC decides in the future to allocate
additional spectrum in the high frequency bands to competing services, the successful auction of that spectrum could increase
the number of entities that hold this spectrum, and its general availability could have a material adverse effect on the value
of our spectrum.   In addition, on July 14, 2016, the FCC issued a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that,
among other things, proposed to adopt flexible fixed and mobile use in bands that could make up to 17.7 GHz of additional spectrum
available. This may increase potential competition with our wireless licenses and have an adverse effect on our business.  

Our spectrum licenses in the LMDS and 39 GHz bands have
historically been granted for ten-year terms. On April 20, 2016, the FCC granted our application to renew our LMDS BTA
license for the LMDS A1 band (27.5   28.35 GHz) that covers parts of the New York City BTA for a ten-year period, until
February 1, 2026. We have 15 other LMDS A1 licenses; nine of these licenses currently have a renewal date of August 10, 2018,
and six of these licenses have a renewal date of September 21, 2018. However, following the adoption of the UMFU Report and
Order, the next build-out date for these 16 LMDS A1 licenses is June 1, 2024, not at the renewal deadline. 

It is not clear whether the FCC will separate the renewal and
build-out deadlines for licenses that contain both A1 spectrum (for which mobile capabilities were adopted in the UMFU Report and
Order) and A2 and A3 spectrum (for which mobile capabilities were not added). Of the 15 BTAs in which we hold LMDS A2 band (29.1
  29.25 GHz) and A3 band (31.075   31.225 GHz) spectrum, nine licenses currently have a renewal and possible build-out date of
August 10, 2018 and six of these licenses currently have a renewal and possible build-out date of September 21, 2018. The UMFU
Report and Order does not affect the LMDS B band spectrum. Of our 117 LMDS B band (31.0   31.075 GHz and 31.225   31.300 GHz) spectrum,
five licenses currently have a renewal and build-out date of August 10, 2018 and 112 licenses currently have a renewal and build-out
date of September 21, 2018. 

The UMFU Report and Order build-out date of June 1, 2024 also
applies to our 828 39 GHz licenses, which currently have a renewal date of October 18, 2020.  

A  substantial service  requirement applies to each
of these LMDS and 39 GHz licenses.   Substantial service showings for each of our licenses were filed on or before the
final construction deadline.  The substantial service requirement is intended to provide licensees with flexibility
in constructing their licenses.  The FCC has established  safe harbor  guidelines that provide licensees
with a degree of certainty as to how to comply with the requirement, and those guidelines were made more stringent in the UMFU
Report and Order. In addition, the UMFU Report and Order provides that current licensees in the 28 GHz and 39 GHz bands who, under
the current rules, face a deadline for demonstrating substantial service after the adoption date of the UMFU Report and Order
will not be required to demonstrate substantial service at renewal. Rather, those licensees will be required to fulfill the performance
requirements for their respective licenses by June 1, 2024. If the FCC finds that a licensee has failed to meet the substantial
service requirement for any license, however, that authorization is subject to termination. 

On
September 20, 2016, the Company received a letter of inquiry from the FCC requesting additional documents and information regarding
the Company s 39 GHz (38.6   40.0 GHz) and 28 GHz (27.5   28.35 GHz) spectrum licenses. For further discussion
of this inquiry, please see Item 1A to Part I  Risk Factors  in this Annual Report.  

The
FCC rules require that certain providers of telecommunications file reports with, and make contributions to, the Universal Service
Fund ( USF ).  In general, while reports may have to be filed, contributions to the USF generally need not
be made with respect to revenues received for  resale-type  or  leased  services   telecommunications
capacity sold or leased in bulk to a carrier who then uses that capacity to provide services to end-users.  Conversely,
revenues received with respect to  retail-type  services generally are subject to a USF contribution requirement.
Historically, we have not been subject to a USF contribution requirement.  Our future operations may require us to make
USF reports and/or contributions, depending on the nature of the services we offer and the type of customers we serve.  USF
contributions, which are typically passed to the customer, may make our services more expensive.  

Additionally,
the FCC requires the payment of annual and other fees in certain circumstances, including but not limited to regulatory fees,
application processing fees, and contributions to other funds.  If any of these requirements change, it may make our
services more expensive.  

State
Regulation   

We believe that the fixed wireless communications that we expect
to provide or are providing are not subject to state public utility regulation.  Nonetheless, it is possible that one
or more state regulators will seek to assert jurisdiction over us, and therefore, impose additional regulatory burdens on, us and
our services.  If one or more state regulatory commissions were to impose regulations on our services, our compliance
could materially increase our costs of providing services and therefore have an adverse impact on our business operations and profitability. 

Significant
statements concerning the regulatory environment are set forth in Item 1A to Part I  Risk Factors  in this Annual
Report, and we strongly recommend reviewing that section in conjunction with this section.  

STRAIGHT
PATH VENTURES   

Straight
Path Ventures, a Delaware limited liability company and a subsidiary of SPCI, develops next generation wireless technology, particularly
for the 39 GHz band, at its Gigabit Mobility Lab in Plano, Texas. On August 22, 2016, Straight Path Ventures filed a provisional
patent application with the USPTO for new 39 GHz transceiver technology. On September 19, 2016, Straight Path Ventures performed
an indoor demonstration using our prototype 39 GHz Gigarray    transceivers.  

STRAIGHT
PATH IP GROUP   

Straight
Path IP Group, a Delaware corporation and a subsidiary of SPCI, holds and derives value from a portfolio of patents covering
aspects of communications, primarily related to communications over the Internet.  

Straight
Path IP Group s principal business is the acquisition, development, licensing, and protection of intellectual property. We
presently own eleven patents issued by the USPTO and their foreign counterparts that primarily relate to various communications
technologies and include, among other things, patents facilitating the use of communications over the Internet, which we refer
to as the NetSpeak Portfolio.   

Our
intellectual property currently consists of the following patents:  

NetSpeak
Portfolio:  

U.S.
    Patent No. 6,131,121:      Point-to-point computer network communication utility utilizing dynamically assigned
    network protocol addresses;    

U.S.
    Patent No. 6,701,365:      Point-to-point internet protocol;    

U.S.
    Patent No. 6,513,066:      Establishing a point-to-point internet communication;    

U.S.
    Patent No. 6,185,184:      Directory server for providing dynamically assigned network protocol addresses;    

U.S.
    Patent No. 6,829,645:      Method and apparatus for establishing point-to-point communications over a computer
    network;    

U.S.
    Patent No. 6,687,738:      Establishing an internet telephone call using e-mail;    

U.S.
    Patent No. 6,009,469:      Graphic user interface for internet telephony application;    

U.S.
    Patent No. 6,226,678:      Method and apparatus for dynamically defining data communication utilities;    

U.S.
    Patent No. 6,178,453:      Virtual circuit switching architecture;    

U.S.
    Patent No. 7,149,208:      Method and apparatus for providing caller identification based responses in a
    computer telephony environment.    

These
patents had finite lives, and the patents have begun to expire on September 25, 2015. The claims of U.S. Patent No. 6,108,704
and its continuations, continuations-in-part, and divisionals expired on September 25, 2015. One patent in the NetSpeak portfolio,
U.S. Patent No. 6,178,453, will expire on April 4, 2017. Straight Path IP Group may continue to enforce the patents for patent
infringement that occurred before expiration, although we do not anticipate filing additional actions. The complexity of
patent and common law, combined with our limited resources, create risk that our efforts to protect our patents may not be successful.  We
cannot be assured that our patents will be upheld, or that third parties will not invalidate our patents.  

Straight Path IP Group also owns the Droplet portfolio. The Droplet
patent portfolio includes United States Patents Nos. 6,847,317; 7,844,122; 7,525,463; 8,279,098; 7,436,329; 7,679,649, 8,947,271,
8,896,717, 8,849,964, 8,896,652 and a number of U.S. and foreign patent applications. 

In
2013, Straight Path IP Group asserted a number of key patents against:  

AmTRAN
Logistics, Inc. and AmTRAN Technology Co., Ltd. (collectively,  AmTRAN ); Bandwidth.com, Inc. ( Bandwidth );
Blackberry Ltd. and Blackberry Corp. (collectively  BlackBerry ); Huawei Investment   Holding Co., Ltd., Huawei
Technologies Co., Ltd., Huawei Technologies USA, Inc. and Huawei Devices USA, Inc. (collectively,  Huawei ); LG Electronics
Inc. et al. ( LG ); Panasonic Corporation and Panasonic Corporation of North America (collectively,  Panasonic );
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. ( Samsung ); Sharp Corporation and Sharp Electronics Corporation (collectively,  Sharp );
Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc., Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC, Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc., Sony Corporation,
Sony Corporation of America, Sony Electronics, Inc., Sony Mobile Communications AB, Sony Mobile Communications (USA) Inc. and
Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications (USA) Inc. (collectively,  Sony ); Telesphere Networks Ltd. ( Telesphere );
Toshiba Corporation et al. ( Toshiba ); Vizio, Inc. ( Vizio ); Vocalocity, Inc. ( Vocalocity );
Vonage Holdings Corp., Vonage America, Inc. and Vonage Marketing LLC (collectively  Vonage ); and ZTE Corporation
and ZTE USA, Inc. (collectively,  ZTE ). Straight Path IP Group reached confidential settlement agreements with a
number of the defendants, including AmTRAN, Bandwidth, Blackberry, Huawei, Panasonic, Sharp, Sony, Telesphere, Vocalocity, Vonage,
and ZTE.  

Straight
Path IP Group currently has six actions pending in federal district court. These actions are against the following defendants:
LG, Vizio, Toshiba, Hulu LLC ( Hulu ) (as intervenor), Samsung, Apple, Avaya, Cisco, and certain Verizon affiliates.
The actions against LG, Vizio, and Toshiba have been consolidated and stayed (the  consolidated action ). Hulu intervened,
and an action against Amazon was severed. The action against Samsung has been stayed. In May 2016, Straight Path IP Group requested
that the courts in the consolidated action and the Samsung action lift the stays. The court in the consolidated action and Amazon
action denied the request. The request in the Samsung action is pending.  

In
2014, Straight Path IP Group asserted its key patents against Avaya, Apple, Cisco, Netflix, Inc. ( Netflix ), and
certain Verizon affiliates. Straight Path IP Group reached a confidential settlement agreement with Netflix, and the actions against
Apple, Avaya, Cisco, and Verizon were dismissed without prejudice. In June 2016, Straight Path IP Group refiled complaints against
these defendants, and the actions are pending.  

During
Fiscal 2014, in connection with the legal proceedings discussed above, Straight Path IP Group entered into confidential settlement
and patent license agreements with Bandwidth, Sharp, Sony, AmTRAN, Telesphere, Panasonic, and Vocalocity.  We also entered
into a confidential patent license with Google.  The aggregate amount of fees in these agreements is $15,825,000. In
addition, during Fiscal 2015, we entered into five confidential settlement and/or patent license agreements with BlackBerry, Netflix,
Vonage, Huawei and ZTE.    

The
aggregate fees collected since our Spin-Off under the 12 settlement agreements is $18,338,000. No settlements or license arrangements
were entered into in Fiscal 2016.  

On October 9, 2014, the PTAB issued an administrative decision stating
that claims 1-7 and 32-42 of U.S. Patent No. 6,108,704 (the   704 Patent ) are unpatentable. Straight Path IP
Group appealed that decision. On November 25, 2015, the CAFC reversed the PTAB s decision and remanded the case back to
the PTAB for further proceedings. On May 23, 2016, the PTAB issued a final written decision finding none of the challenged claims
unpatentable. 

Following
the favorable CAFC decision, the PTAB denied pending petitions for IPR of the  704 Patent and other patents held by Straight
Path IP Group. As well, the PTAB found nearly all the claims patentable over the prior art in pending IPRs. The petitioners have
appealed to the CAFC.  

On
October 9, 2014, the PTAB held the claims at issue in the  704 Patent were unpatentable, and Straight Path IP Group appealed
the decision to the CAFC. On November 25, 2015, the CAFC reversed the PTAB s cancellation of all challenged claims, and
remanded back to the PTAB for proceedings consistent with the opinion. On May 23, 2016, the PTAB issued a final written decision
finding none of the challenged claims were unpatentable. Subsequently, the PTAB issued a final written decision finding none of
the challenged claims unpatentable. Following the favorable CAFC decision, the PTAB denied pending petitions for IPR of the  704
Patent and other patents held by Straight Path IP Group. As well, the PTAB found nearly all the claims patentable over the prior
art in pending IPRs. The petitioners have appealed to the CAFC. Straight Path IP Group has six pending actions in federal district
court, against Apple, Avaya, Cisco, Verizon, LG and other defendants (including Amazon), and Samsung. The LG and Amazon actions
are stayed pending the CAFC s decision in the appeals from the PTAB decisions.  

For
further discussion of these actions and other legal proceedings, please see Item 3 to Part 1  Legal Proceedings  in
this Annual Report.  

EMPLOYEES   

As of October 13, 2016, the Company had nine employees. 

Item 1A.
Risk Factors.     

RISK
FACTORS   

Our
business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks associated
with any one of our businesses, as well as the other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document, particularly the discussions
about competition. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. Note that references to  our ,
 us ,  we , etc. used in each risk factor below refers to the business about which such risk factor is
provided.   

Risks
Related to Straight Path Spectrum   

The
FCC may cancel or revoke our licenses for past or future violations of the FCC s rules, which could limit our operations
and growth.   

Our
wireless operations and wireless licenses are subject to significant government regulation and oversight, primarily by the FCC
and, to a certain extent, by Congress, other federal agencies and state and local authorities.  In general, the FCC s
regulations impose potential limits on, among other things, the amount of foreign investment that may be made in some types of
FCC licenses, on the transfer or sale of rights in licenses, on the construction and technical aspects of the operation of wireless
communication systems, and on the nature of the services that can be provided within a particular frequency band. In addition,
we are subject to certain regulatory and other fees levied by the FCC for certain classes of licenses and services. Under some
circumstances, our licenses may be canceled or conditioned. We also may be fined for violation of the FCC s rules, and in
extreme cases, our licenses may be revoked.  

Allegations
were made in an anonymous report released in November 2015 regarding the circumstances under which certain of our spectrum licenses
were renewed by the FCC in 2011 and 2012. The Company retained Morgan Lewis, a leading multi-national law firm, to conduct an
independent investigation into these allegations. Morgan Lewis, with assistance from Kroll, completed its investigation and reported
the results to the Company. The investigators concluded that one of the core allegations set forth in the anonymous report --
that the substantial service showings were a word processing exercise without any work in the field -- is contradicted by the
extensive evidence the investigators reviewed in connection with their investigation. Interviews and contemporaneous documents
consistently confirm that equipment was deployed at the original locations in connection with the substantial service applications,
but the investigators concluded, based on the weight of the evidence, that the equipment was put in place at each location likely
for a short period of time. Although the investigators did not find any evidence that the equipment used in connection with the
substantial service applications is still present at the originally specified locations, the investigators found no credible evidence
that anyone informed Straight Path prior to November 2015 that equipment may no longer have been present at those locations, except
that Straight Path became aware in late 2013 that equipment was missing from a single location that the Company addressed at that
time. We met with the FCC and shared the investigators  conclusions, and the Company subsequently provided certain additional
information requested by the FCC. On September 20, 2016, the Company received a letter of inquiry from the FCC requesting additional
documents and information regarding the Company s 39 GHz (38.6   40.0 GHz) and 28 GHz (27.5   28.35 GHz) spectrum
licenses. Straight Path intends to continue to cooperate with the FCC in this matter, and hopes to bring it to a satisfactory
resolution in a timely manner. We cannot, at this time, give any assurances as to how the FCC may proceed in this matter. If the
FCC were to conclude that we have not complied with its rules, it may impose fines and/or additional reporting or operational
requirements, condition or revoke our licenses, and/or take other action. If the FCC were to revoke a significant portion of our
licenses or impose material conditions on the use of our licenses, it could have a material adverse effect on the value of our
spectrum licenses and our ability to generate revenues from utilization of our spectrum assets.  

Our
FCC licenses are subject to renewal and substantial service requirements.  If any licenses are not renewed upon expiration,
that could limit the expansion of our business and our ability to lease spectrum and market services provided over our licenses,
and could harm our operating results.   

Our spectrum licenses in the LMDS and 39 GHz bands are granted
for ten-year terms. Currently, renewal dates for our LMDS A licenses are in August and September 2018 (except our BTA license
for the LMDS A1 band that covers parts of the New York City BTA, which was recently renewed until February 1, 2026), and
renewal dates for our 39 GHz licenses are currently in October 2020.  A  substantial
service  requirement applies to each of these licenses.  Substantial service showings for each of our
licenses were filed on or before the final construction deadline.  The UMFU Report and Order provides that
licensees in the 28 GHz A1 band (27.5   28.35 GHz) and 39 GHz bands will not be required to fulfill the performance
requirements for their respective licenses until June 1, 2024. As noted above, it is not clear whether the FCC will separate
the renewal and build-out deadlines for licenses that contain both A1 spectrum, which were included in the UMFU Report and
Order, and A2 and A3 spectrum, which were not included. The FCC s prior  substantial service  requirements
for both LMDS and 39 GHz licensees provided licensees with flexibility in constructing their licenses while the  safe
harbor  guidelines provided licensees with a degree of certainty as to how to comply with the requirements. The build-out requirements in the UMFU Report and Order do not generally contain that flexibility, with specific requirements for fixed
and mobile services. We do not know how the FCC will apply these requirements. If the FCC finds that a licensee has failed to
meet these new build-out requirements for any license, that authorization could be terminated. 

We
may never develop a significant market for leases, licenses, or purchases of our spectrum assets, and we may not obtain meaningful
revenues or achieve profitability.   

Our
spectrum holdings are among the Company s core assets.  A substantial market for our spectrum licenses may never
develop and the prospects for that market may be adversely affected by the following:  

5G
    networks may not be developed;   

5G
    networks may not utilize 28 GHz or 39 GHz spectrum;   

5G
    standards may inhibit interest and/or investment in our holdings;   

the
    anticipated demand for fixed services may not materialize;   

the
    fixed services market may be dominated by unlicensed band wireless backhaul options;   

the
    fixed services market may be dominated by fiber solutions not requiring any wireless spectrum;   

the
    technology we have invested in may not be completed or permitted for use by the FCC;   

the
    market for the technology we have invested in may decrease or not materialize;   

the
    macro network may not use 28 GHz or 39 GHz spectrum or very little of it;   

new
    wireless technologies that provide enough capability in existing microwave bands, available at low cost from the FCC, may
    be sufficient for wireless backhaul and other fixed wireless needs;   

front
    haul solutions including Common Public Radio Interface ( CPRI ) or remote radio head backhaul may not use 28 GHz
    or 39 GHz spectrum, instead preferring fiber, other microwave channels, or unlicensed band spectrum;   

networks
    may require non line-of-sight spectrum;   

FCC
    regulatory impact;   

new
    spectrum allocation by the FCC, thereby increasing competition and/or supply;   

lack
    of available equipment for our band from manufacturers;   

cost
    of site acquisition; and   

small
    cell networks may not be developed.   

If
we are unable to overcome these (and potentially other) obstacles, our business may never develop and it could have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition.  

Even
if a market develops, we may be unable to successfully execute any of our currently identified business opportunities or future
business opportunities that we determine to pursue.   

In
order to pursue business opportunities, we will need to forge market alliances with hardware developers and system integrators,
as well as maintain the integrity of our spectrum. Our ability to do any of these successfully could be affected by one or more
of the following factors:  

our
    ability to effectively manage our third party relationships;   

our
    ability to manage the expansion of our operations, which could result in increased costs, high employee turnover, or damage
    to customer relationships;   

our
    ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, which may be affected by the significant competition in our industry for
    persons experienced in network operations and engineering;   

equipment
    failure (not provided by us) or interruption of service, which could adversely affect our reputation and our relations with
    our customers;   

our
    ability to respond to regulatory or policy changes and/or requirements in our industry;   

our
    ability to accurately predict and respond to the rapid technological changes in our industry and the evolving demands of the
    markets we serve; and   

our
    ability to raise substantial additional capital to fund our growth.   

Our
failure to adequately address one or more of the above factors could have a significant impact on our ability to implement our
business plan with respect to mobile backhaul and fiber network extensions and our ability to pursue other opportunities that
arise, which might negatively affect our business.  

The
success of our business strategy relies on the continued growth in demand for high volume of data for mobile and home use.   

The
demand for spectrum depends on the continued growth in demand for high volume of data for mobile and home use. The provision of
mobile use is a continually evolving sector of the telecommunications industry, and is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including:  

the
    continued development and market acceptance of mobile devices enabled for mobile applications;   

the
    continued development and use of high-bandwidth mobile applications;   

historical
    perceptions regarding the burdens and unreliability of previous mobile wireless technologies;   

high
    rates of consumer adoption of mobile applications;   

increased
    levels of usage by subscribers;   

increased
    or burdensome government presence through policy and regulatory changes;    

increases
    in the number of overall subscribers; and   

the
    continued development of 5G technology and regulations allowing for mobility in our band(s).   

Our
revenues depend on the lease of fixed services to wireless service providers.   

Our current revenues are derived from the lease of fixed services
to wireless service providers. Any competitor s substitute service with similar performance and coverage characteristics
and a lower cost structure could create downward price pressure and adversely affect our sales efforts. In addition, competing
technologies could be developed that would make our services obsolete. Accordingly, any changes that could decrease demand for
our services, whether due to pricing pressure, technological changes, or otherwise, could materially and adversely affect our
business and results of operations. 

Our
plan to grow revenues from 5G mobile services is highly speculative.   

We
plan to derive a substantial portion of our future revenues from the use of our 28 GHz and/or 39 GHz spectrum in as yet undeveloped
5G mobile networks. Such 5G networks may never be developed or put to commercial use. Even if they are developed and put to commercial
use, our spectrum might not be used in such networks. In addition, even if our spectrum can be used in such networks, it could
take many years before that occurs. Regulatory and technology changes could make our spectrum less useful or valuable in such
networks, which would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue from our spectrum and could materially and adversely affect
our business and results of operations.  

The
value of our FCC licenses could decline, which could materially affect our ability to raise capital, and have a material adverse
effect on our business and the value of our stock.   

A
decline in the value of our FCC licenses could negatively impact our ability to raise capital both privately and in the public
markets and could significantly reduce the value of the spectrum assets. The value of any or all of our FCC licenses could decrease
as a result of many factors, including:  

increases
    in supply of spectrum that provides similar functionality;   

new
    wireless technology in unlicensed bands that provides the same capability of our network;   

a
    decrease in the demand for services offered with any of our FCC licenses;   

lower
    values placed on similar licenses in future FCC auctions;   

regulatory
    limitations on the use, leases, transfer, or sale of rights in any of our FCC licenses;   

removal
    or conditioning of our licenses;   

increase
    in cost or requirements for maintaining licenses; or   

bankruptcy
    or liquidation of any comparable companies.    

Many
of these factors depend on circumstances beyond our control. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to generate revenues and on our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition.  

The
telecommunications and wireless markets are highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete effectively, especially against
competitors with greater financial and other resources, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate effectively.   

We
operate in a highly competitive environment and may not be able to compete successfully. We expect to compete with new providers
and technologies not yet introduced. Given the intense competition, we may be unable to compete effectively with other technologies
and spectrum holders in the short-term and, consequently, we may be unable to develop our business objectives.  

Many
of our competitors, particularly wireless carriers, are much larger and have significantly greater financial resources and experience
than us. If we are unable to compete effectively against existing and future competitors our business will be harmed.  

One
of our competitive advantages is our national coverage, and particularly, the extensive bandwidth we are able to offer to customers
in congested metropolitan areas.  If competitors are able to offer a solution without any significant coverage exceptions,
it could mitigate one of our competitive advantages and harm the attractiveness of our offering, which could have a material adverse
impact on our sales.  

Many
of our competitors offer other telecommunications and wireless solutions to complement their spectrum leasing and sales activities.  Since
we currently offer only spectrum sales and leasing services, we may not be able to compete with such competitors.  

Additional
spectrum may become available from the FCC in the Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking issued on July 14, 2016 or in other proceedings,
increasing the number of or viability of our competitors or even allowing potential buyers to obtain their own spectrum outright,
reducing their need to obtain spectrum from us.   

Other
entities may obtain FCC licenses to operate spectrum in the same markets as we do, offering similar throughput capacities with
comparable transmission reliability.  These entities may decide to enter our business and may have more spectrum available
to use in a given market than we do.  If the FCC decides in the future to allocate and allow use of additional spectrum
in the high frequency bands to fixed and/or mobile services, the successful auction of that spectrum could increase the number
of entities that hold this spectrum, and its general availability could have a material adverse effect on the value of our spectrum.  Companies
that would otherwise use our services could instead decide to acquire spectrum rights in these auctions or obtain services from
the winners of those auctions. Unsuccessful auctions of spectrum may generate low winning bids and could therefore reduce the
values of spectrum in neighboring bands, including the value of our spectrum licenses. Alternatively, the FCC may decide to allocate
additional spectrum for licensing without auctions to certain classes of users, such as state and local government agencies, that
otherwise might be potential customers of our services. On July 14, 2016, the FCC issued a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
that potentially allocates up to 17.7 GHz of spectrum for flexible fixed or mobile usage.  

We
may need to protect incumbent operations.   

Prior
to adopting service rules for the 39 GHz spectrum distributed by auction, the FCC permitted licensees to define their own service
areas. Applicants for licenses provided the latitude and longitude points for the boundaries of their desired service area, thereby
creating service areas generally rectangular in shape   rectangular service areas ( RSAs ).  Auction license
winners like us are required to protect, and not cause harmful interference to, RSA licensees.  There are RSA licenses that
are not owned by us within some of our 39 GHz licenses which may deprive us of the full use of our spectrum in those affected
areas.   

We
anticipate a lengthy sales cycle, which could make our revenues difficult to forecast and cause our results to fall short of expectations.   

We
anticipate that our sales cycle will be lengthy due to the time often necessary for customized design of specific solutions or
the possibility that our customers may incur added recurring costs for our products and service offerings or added one-time costs
to replace their current telecommunications systems. Our sales cycles will be subject to a number of significant delays over which
we have little or no control. Due to our anticipated lengthy sales cycle, we expect that our revenues will be difficult to forecast
and may fall short of expectations.  

Because
we are thinly staffed and highly dependent on a limited number of management persons, we may not be able to pursue longer term
business opportunities, which could limit our revenue growth. Given our short operating history and limited experience, we may
not be able to scale our operations, if necessary, to meet market demand and/or regulatory build-out deadlines.   

As
of October 13, 2016, we had nine employees who work directly for us. We have historically relied on third parties for services
and support.  Our ability to find and respond to opportunities to deliver our services in a cost-effective manner may
be limited by the number of personnel we employ and our lack of capital and other operational resources. Even if we are able to
identify customers to whom we can provide services, we may have to hire additional personnel without whom we may only be able
to provide limited support for those services. This could result in customer dissatisfaction and loss. Additionally, our competitors,
many of whom have significantly more personnel and greater resources, may be better able to seek and respond to opportunities
than we can. Given our small number of employees, short operating history, and limited experience, we may not be able to scale
our operations, if necessary, to meet market demand and/or regulatory build-out deadlines. This could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to generate revenues and on our business, growth, results of operations, and financial condition.  

A
substantial portion of Straight Path Spectrum s historical revenues were derived from a limited number of customers, and
the loss of those customers would have a negative effect on our revenues.   

The
loss of any of our customers would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. See  Concentration
of Customers  in Item 7 of Part II  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  in this Annual Report.  

The
extensive and continually evolving regulations to which we are subject could increase our costs and adversely affect our ability
to implement our business plan successfully.   

The
FCC, various state regulatory bodies, local zoning authorities, and other governmental entities regulate us and the operation
and installation of underlying equipment. These regulators conduct regular rulemaking proceedings and issue interpretations of
existing rules that apply to us and affect our business operations, directly or indirectly.  The FCC in particular imposes
significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how wireless spectrum is used by licensees, the nature
of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and resolution of issues of interference between
spectrum bands.  The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to our wireless licenses and operations
could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. Such regulatory proceedings could
impose additional obligations on us or our customers, reduce the attractiveness of our service, give rights to our competitors,
increase our costs, make the business plans of the carriers or other customers that purchase or may purchase our services less
viable, and otherwise adversely affect our ability to implement our business plan.  

We
could be harmed by network disruptions, security breaches, or other significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure
and related systems.   

To
be successful, we need to continue to have available a high capacity, reliable and secure network. We face the risk, as does any
company, of a security breach, whether through cyber-attack, malware, computer viruses, sabotage, or other significant disruption
of our IT infrastructure and related systems. We face a risk of a security breach or disruption from unauthorized access to our
proprietary or classified information on our systems. The secure maintenance and transmission of our information is a critical
element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit our information, or those of
service providers or business partners, may be compromised by a malicious third party penetration of our network security, or
that of a third party service provider or business partner, or impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our
employees, or those of a third party service provider or business partner. As a result, our information may be lost, disclosed,
accessed or taken without our consent.  

Although
we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and systems, there can be no
assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not
be successful or damaging, especially in light of the growing sophistication of cyber-attacks and intrusions. We may be unable
to anticipate all potential types of attacks or intrusions or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures.  

Network
disruptions, security breaches and other significant failures of the above-described systems could (i) disrupt the proper functioning
of these networks and systems, and therefore, our operations; (ii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss,
theft, misappropriation or release of our proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information, including trade
secrets, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes;
(iii) require significant management attention or financial resources to remedy the damages that result or to change our systems;
or (iv) result in a loss of business, damage our reputation or expose us to litigation. Any or all of which could have a negative
impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  

The
wireless communications services industry in which we operate is continually evolving. Our services may become obsolete, and we
may not be able to develop competitive products or services on a timely basis or at all.   

The
wireless communications services industry is characterized by rapid technological change, competitive pricing, frequent new service
introductions, and evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements. The backhaul infrastructure that supports this dynamic
industry must be similarly flexible and able to adapt to these changes. Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt
to these challenges and to offer competitive services on a timely basis. We face a number of difficulties and uncertainties associated
with this reliance on technological development, such as:  

competition
    from service providers using other means to deliver similar or alternative services;   

competition
    from new service providers using more efficient, less expensive technologies, including products or services not yet invented
    or developed;   

customers
    self-provisioning their own services;   

gaining
    and sustaining market acceptance of the technology underlying our services;   

realizing
    economies of scale;   

responding
    successfully to advances in competing technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner;   

existing,
    proposed, or undeveloped technologies that may render fixed wireless backhaul and other services less profitable or obsolete;
    and   

increase
    in costs or requirements to maintain licenses.   

As
the services offered by us and our competitors develop, wireless carriers may not accept our services as a commercially viable
alternative to other means of delivering wireless backhaul and other services. Accordingly, our inability to keep pace with technological
development could materially and adversely affect our business.  

Our
reliance upon spectrum licensed by the FCC includes additional risks.   

Our
reliance on and use of FCC-licensed spectrum imposes additional risks on our business, including:  

increases
    in spectrum acquisition costs;   

adverse
    changes to regulations governing spectrum/licensee rights;   

the
    risk that spectrum will not be commercially usable or free of harmful interference from licensed or unlicensed operators in
    our or adjacent bands;   

the
    risk that the government or other license holders introduce an oversupply of substantially similar spectrum into the market;   

the
    risk that competitors, customers, or other users may over utilize line-of-sight licensed spectrum and thus alter the FCC availability
    or allocation of such wireless spectrum in markets or geographic areas where we require it;   

change
    in the FCC rules regarding the licensing or use of wireless spectrum; and   

invalidation
    of any authorization to use all or a significant portion of the spectrum, resulting in, among other things, impairment charges
    related to assets recorded for such spectrum.   

Risks
Related to Straight Path IP Group   

We
may fail to enforce our intellectual property rights.   

Straight
Path IP Group s patent portfolio is among the Company s core assets. If we fail to obtain or maintain adequate
protections, or are unsuccessful in enforcing our patent rights, we may not be able to either realize additional value from our
patents, or prevent third parties from benefiting from those patents without benefit to the Company. In addition, the Company s
existing patents have finite lives, and nearly all of the patents expired on September 25, 2015. Although Straight Path IP Group
may continue to enforce the patents for patent infringement that occurred before expiration, we do not anticipate filing additional
actions. There is no guarantee that the patents will be adequately exploited or commercialized.  

The
USPTO may grant a re-examination of our patents.   

In
2010 and 2011, certain patents in Straight Path IP Group s portfolio successfully emerged from re-examination proceedings
at the USPTO.  Nevertheless, our patents may be subject to further requests to the USPTO to reexamine our patents.  Although
we believe that our patents are valid, they may be deemed invalid during a re-examination.  Moreover, any litigation
filed after the grant of a re-examination may be subject to an order to stay the litigation while the re-examination proceeds.  Therefore,
while a re-examination is pending, we may be unable to enforce our patents. Similarly, if claims are invalidated through IPR (or
re-exam or a different litigation), active cases may be stayed during appeal, and the court may dismiss the case based on a finding
of invalidity in another forum.  

The
USPTO may grant an IPR.   

The
Leahy-Smith America Invents Act ( AIA ) created a new procedure for challenging an issued patent at the PTAB of the
USPTO: the IPR. A petitioner challenging a patent must allege  that there is a reasonable likelihood that the petitioner
would prevail with respect to at least one of the claims challenged in the petition.  (35 U.S.C.   314(a)). As discussed
in the Legal Proceedings section below, various parties, including some of the defendants in actions we brought to enforce our
patent rights, filed petitions for IPRs at the PTAB for certain claims of our patents. While the PTAB has denied all of those
petitions, the petitioners have appealed the denials. During the pendency of these appeals, our ability to enforce our patent
rights may be curtailed. Some of the litigation related to the relevant patents that was brought by us as plaintiff has been stayed,
and the remaining litigation may be stayed as well.  

Our
exposure to uncontrollable outside influences, including new legislation, court rulings, or actions by the USPTO, could adversely
affect our licensing and enforcement business and results of operations.   

Our
licensing and enforcement business is subject to numerous risks from outside influences, including the following:  

New
legislation, regulations, or court rulings related to enforcing patents could adversely affect our business and operating results.   

Straight
Path IP Group has spent, and plans to spend, a significant amount of resources to enforce our rights. If new legislation, regulations
or rules are implemented either by Congress, the USPTO, or the courts that impact the patent application process, the patent enforcement
process or the rights of patent holders, these changes could negatively affect our expenses and revenue. Recently, U.S. patent
laws were amended with the enactment of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the AIA, which took effect on September 16, 2012.
The AIA includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. In general, the legislation attempts to address issues surrounding
the enforceability of patents and the increase in patent litigation by, among other things, establishing new procedures for patent
litigation. For example, the AIA changes the way that parties may be joined in patent infringement actions, increasing the likelihood
that such actions will need to be brought against individual parties allegedly infringing by their respective individual actions
or activities. As well, the AIA introduced new post grant proceedings, namely IPRs, to allow a third party to challenge the validity
of patent claims. The AIA and its implementation has increased the uncertainties and costs surrounding the enforcement of our
patented technologies, and this could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.  

In
addition, the U.S. Department of Justice (the  DOJ ) has conducted reviews to evaluate the impact of patent assertion
entities on industries in which those patents relate. It is possible that the findings and recommendations of the DOJ could impact
the ability to effectively license and enforce patents and could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the enforcement
of any such patented technologies.  

Further,
new rules regarding the burden of proof in patent enforcement actions could significantly increase the cost of our enforcement
actions, and new standards or limitations on liability for patent infringement could negatively impact our revenue derived from
such enforcement actions.   

Finally,
political leaders have recently made statements related to regulation of patent enforcement entities. Any such legislation that
materially restricts our enforcement activities could have a negative impact on our ability to execute on Straight Path IP Group s
business plan, the value of our patents, and our operating results.  

Trial
judges and juries often find it difficult to understand complex patent enforcement litigation, and as a result, we may need to
appeal adverse decisions by lower courts in order to successfully enforce our patents.   

It
is difficult to predict the outcome of patent enforcement litigation at the trial level. It is often difficult for juries and
trial judges to understand complex patented technologies, and as a result, there is a higher rate of successful appeals in patent
enforcement litigation than other business litigation. Such appeals are expensive and time consuming, resulting in increased costs
and delayed revenue. Although we diligently pursue enforcement litigation, we cannot predict with significant reliability the
decisions made by juries and trial courts.  

Federal
courts are becoming more crowded, and as a result, patent enforcement litigation is taking longer.   

Federal
trial courts that hear our patent enforcement actions also hear criminal cases. Criminal cases always take priority over patent
enforcement actions. As a result, it is difficult to predict the length of time it will take to complete an enforcement action.
Moreover, we believe there is a trend in increasing numbers of civil lawsuits and criminal proceedings before federal judges,
and as a result, we believe that the risk of delays in our patent enforcement actions will have a greater effect on our business
in the future unless this trend changes.  

As
patent enforcement litigation becomes more prevalent, it may become more difficult for us to voluntarily license our patents.   

The
more prevalent patent enforcement actions become, the more difficult it will be for us to voluntarily license our patents. As
a result, we may need to increase the number of our patent enforcement actions to cause infringing companies to license the patent
or pay damages for lost royalties.  

Any
litigation to protect our intellectual property or any third party claims to invalidate our patents could have a material adverse
effect on our business .  

It
may be necessary for us to commence patent litigation against third parties whom we believe require a license to our patents.
We may incur significant expenses and commit significant management time with respect to such legal proceedings which may adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we would be successful in any
additional legal proceedings and the outcome of such litigation could be harmful to us. In addition, we may be subject to claims
seeking to invalidate our patents, as typically asserted by defendants in patent litigation. If we are unsuccessful in enforcing
and validating our patents and/or if third parties making claims against us seeking to invalidate our patents are successful,
they may be able to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which effectively could block our ability to license or otherwise
capitalize on our proprietary technologies. In addition, then existing licensees of our patents may no longer be obligated to
pay royalties to us. Successful litigation against us resulting in a determination that our patents are not valid or enforceable,
and/or that third parties do not infringe, may have a material adverse effect on us.  Further, the courts have discretion
to award reasonable attorney fees for  exceptional  cases lacking merit or for being unreasonably litigated.  

We
may require additional financing in the future, which may not be available, or may not be available on favorable terms .  

We
may need additional funds to finance our operations to make additional investments, or to acquire complementary businesses or
assets.  We may be unable to generate these funds from our operations.  Additionally, we may experience delays
in collecting judgments if defendants decide to appeal jury findings of infringement at federal district courts.    We
may incur out-of-pocket costs related to our IP enforcement and such expenses could be material and beyond our means. In addition,
as we focus our resources on the Straight Path Spectrum and Straight Path Ventures businesses, we may require additional financing
from other sources to fund ongoing infringement litigation, which may not be available.  

The
availability of new technology may render our intellectual property obsolete .  

While
we anticipate that our technology will remain relevant to internet telephony and other applications at least through the expiration
of our patents, unanticipated rapid widespread adoption of new technologies that do not infringe our patents could affect our
enforcement strategy.  In addition, prospective licensees may seek to develop  work arounds  to our patents
for purposes of avoiding entering into a licensing agreement with Straight Path IP Group.  

Risks
Related to Straight Path Ventures   

Our
technology research and development efforts may be unsuccessful.   

Our
technology research and development efforts are exploratory in nature and are intended to develop new types of products. Our efforts
may prove unsuccessful and may not result in the development of any products. Even if we are able to develop any products, we
may not be able to generate revenues or profits from such products.  

We
may fail to obtain patent protection for our inventions.   

If
we are not able to protect our proprietary technology, trade secrets, and know-how, our competitors may use our inventions to
develop competing products. The standards which the USPTO uses to grant patents, and the standards which courts use to interpret
patents, are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change, particularly as new technologies develop. Consequently,
the level of protection, if any, that will be provided by our patents if we attempt to enforce them and they are challenged in
court, is uncertain. In addition, the type and extent of patent claims that will be issued to us in the future is uncertain. Any
patents which are issued may not contain claims which will permit us to stop competitors from using similar technology.  

In
addition to any patented technology, we may also rely on unpatented technology, trade secrets, and confidential information. We
may not be able to effectively protect our rights to this technology or information. Other parties may independently develop substantially
equivalent information and techniques or otherwise gain access to or disclose our technology. We generally require each of our
employees and consultants to execute a confidentiality agreement at the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship
with us. However, these agreements may not provide effective protection of our technology or information or, in the event of unauthorized
use or disclosure, they may not provide adequate remedies.  

We
may be unable to realize any revenue from our inventions.   

Our
business and prospects must be considered in light of the risks and uncertainties to which companies with new and rapidly evolving
technology, products and services are exposed. These risks include the following:  

we
    may be unable to develop sources of new revenue or sustainable growth in revenue because our current and anticipated technologies,
    products and services may be inadequate or may be unable to attract or retain customers;   

intense
    competition and rapid technological change could adversely affect the market s acceptance of our existing and new products
    and services; and   

we
    may be required to incur unanticipated expenditures if product changes or improvements are required. Moreover, new industry
    standards might redefine the products that we are able to sell, especially if these products are only in the prototype stage
    of development. If product changes or improvements are required, success in marketing these products by us and achieving or
    sustaining profitability from these products could be delayed or halted.   

Risk
Factors Generally Relating to Us and Our Common Stock   

Investors
may suffer dilution.    

We
may engage in equity financing to fund our future operations and growth.  If we raise additional funds by issuing equity
securities, stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interest (both with respect to the percentage
of total securities held, and with respect to the book value of their securities) and such securities may have rights senior to
those of the holders of our common stock. Moreover, we have in the past and may in the future take actions that dilute our interests
(and thus our stockholders  interest) in certain of our subsidiaries.  

We
are controlled by our principal stockholder, which limits the ability of other stockholders to affect the management of the Company.   

Howard Jonas placed all of the SPCI Class A Common Stock and Class
B Common Stock distributed in the Spin-Off that would be beneficially owned by him in trust with an independent trustee, the Alliance
Trust Company LLC (the  Trustee ). Howard Jonas retained the economic benefit of the shares placed in the trust, but
does not have voting or dispositive power or control with respect to such shares. As of October 13, 2016, the Trustee has voting
power or control over 2,190,152 shares of our common stock (which includes 787,163 shares of our Class A common stock and 1,402,989
shares of our Class B common stock) and representing approximately 71% of the combined voting power of our outstanding common
stock. Mr. Jonas  consent is needed with respect to certain significant corporate matters requiring approval by our stockholders,
including the approval of any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As a result, the ability
of any of our other stockholders to influence our management will be limited.   

We
intend to exercise our option for the  controlled company  exemption under NYSE MKT rules with respect to our Nominating
Committee.   

We
are a  controlled company  as defined in section 801(a) of the NYSE MKT Company Guide because more than 50% of the
combined voting power of all of our outstanding common stock will be beneficially owned by a single stockholder. As a  controlled
company,  we will be exempt from certain NYSE MKT rules requiring a board of directors with a majority of independent members,
a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and a nominating committee composed entirely of independent
directors. These independence standards are intended to ensure that directors who meet those standards are free of any conflicting
interest that could influence their actions as directors. We intend to apply this  controlled company  exemption for
our corporate governance practices with respect to the independence requirements of our Nominating Committee. Accordingly, with
respect to our Nominating Committee you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject
to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE MKT, and if we were to apply the controlled company exemption to other
independence requirements, you would not have the protection afforded by those requirements either.  

We
have limited resources and could find it difficult to raise additional capital.   

We
may need to raise additional capital in order for stockholders to realize increased value on our securities.  

Given
the current global economy, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary funding on commercially reasonable
terms in a timely fashion. Failure to receive such funding could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, and
financial condition.  

Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.   

None.  

Item 2.
Properties.   

The
Company is leasing the following properties:  

Item 3.
Legal Proceedings.   

Regulatory
Enforcement   

Allegations
were made in an anonymous report released in November 2015 regarding the circumstances under which certain of our spectrum licenses
were renewed by the FCC in 2011 and 2012. The Company retained Morgan Lewis, a leading multi-national law firm, to conduct an
independent investigation into these allegations. Morgan Lewis, with assistance from Kroll, completed its investigation and reported
the results to the Company. We met with the FCC and shared the investigators  conclusions, and the Company subsequently
provided certain additional information requested by the FCC. On September 20, 2016, the Company received a letter of inquiry
from the FCC requesting additional documents and information regarding the Company s 39 GHz (38.6   40.0 GHz) and
28 GHz (27.5   28.35 GHz) spectrum licenses. The Company intends to continue to cooperate with the FCC in this matter, and
hopes to bring it to a satisfactory resolution in a timely manner. We cannot, at this time, give any assurances as to how the
FCC may proceed in this matter. If the FCC were to conclude that we have not complied with its rules, it may impose fines and/or
additional reporting or operational requirements, condition or revoke our licenses, and/or take other action. If the FCC were
to revoke a significant portion of our licenses or impose material conditions on the use of our licenses, it could have a material
adverse effect on the value of our spectrum licenses and our ability to generate revenues from utilization of our spectrum assets.  

Putative
Class Action and Shareholder Derivative Action   

On
November 13, 2015, a putative shareholder class action was filed in the federal district court for the District of New Jersey
against Straight Path Communications Inc. (the  Company ), Davidi Jonas, and Jonathan Rand (the  individual
defendants ). The case is captioned  Zacharia v. Straight Path Communications, Inc. et al. , No. 2:15-cv-08051-JMV-MF,
and is purportedly brought on behalf of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company s common stock between
October 29, 2013, and November 5, 2015. The complaint alleges violations of (i) Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the  Exchange Act ) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act against the Company for materially false and misleading
statements that were designed to influence the market relating to the Company s finances and business prospects; and (ii)
Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the individual defendants for wrongful acts by controlling persons. The allegations
center on the claim that the Company made materially false and misleading statements in its public filings and conference calls
during the relevant class period concerning the Company s spectrum licenses and the prospects for its spectrum business.
The complaint seeks certification of a class, unspecified damages, fees, and costs. The case was reassigned to Judge John Michael
Vasquez on March 3, 2016. On April 11, 2016, the court entered an order appointing Charles Frischer as lead plaintiff and approving
lead plaintiff s selection of Glancy Prongay   Murray LLP as lead counsel and Schnader Harrison Segal   Lewis LLP
as liaison counsel. On June 17, 2016, lead plaintiff filed his amended class action complaint, which alleges the same claims described
above. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended class action complaint on August 17, 2016; the plaintiff opposed that
motion on September 30, 2016, and the defendants will file their reply brief in further support of their motion to dismiss on
October 31, 2016.  

On
January 29, 2016, a shareholder derivative action captioned  Hofer v. Jonas et al. , No. 2:16-cv-00541-JMV-MF, was filed
in the federal district court for the District of New Jersey against Howard Jonas, Davidi Jonas, Jonathan Rand, and the Company s
current independent directors William F. Weld, K. Chris Todd, and Fred S. Zeidman. Although the Company is named as a nominal
defendant, the Company s bylaws generally require the Company to indemnify its current and former directors and officers
who are named as defendants in these types of lawsuits. The allegations are substantially similar to those set forth in the  Zacharia
 complaint discussed above. The complaint alleges that the defendants engaged in (i) breach of fiduciary duties owed to the
Company by making misrepresentations and omissions about the Company and failing to correct the Company s public statements;
(ii) abuse of control of the Company; (iii) gross mismanagement of the Company; and (iv) unjust enrichment. The complaint seeks
unspecified damages, fees, and costs, as well as injunctive relief. On April 26, 2016, the case was reassigned to Judge John Michael
Vasquez. On June 9, 2016, the court entered a stipulation previously agreed to by the parties that, among other things, stays
the case on terms specified therein.  

The
Company is aware of press reports regarding the filing of additional complaints for putative class actions revolving around the
same alleged facts and circumstances as the  Zacharia  and  Hofer  complaints, but the Company is not aware of any other
complaint that was filed or served.  

The
Company intends to vigorously defend against all of these claims.  

The
Sipnet Appeal and Related IPRs   

On April 11, 2013, Sipnet EU S.R.O. ( Sipnet ), a Czech
company, filed a petition for IPR at the PTAB for certain claims of the  704 Patent. On October 9, 2014, the PTAB held that
claims 1-7 and 32-42 of the  704 Patent are unpatentable. Straight Path IP Group appealed. On November 25, 2015, the CAFC
reversed the PTAB s cancellation of all challenged claims, and remanded the matter back to the PTAB for proceedings consistent
with the CAFC s opinion. On May 23, 2016, the PTAB issued a final written decision finding that Sipnet failed to show that
any of the challenged claims were unpatentable. 

As
discussed in more detail below, following the CAFC s decision in Sipnet, the PTAB denied all then-pending petitions for
IPR of Straight Path IP Group s patents, and the petitioners have appealed those denials to the CAFC.  

On
August 22, 2014, Samsung filed three petitions with the PTAB for IPR of certain claims of the  704 Patent and U.S. Patent
Nos. 6,009,469 (the   469 Patent ) and 6,131,121 (the   121 Patent ). On March 6, 2015, the
PTAB instituted the requested IPR of these claims based on Samsung s petitions. On June 15, 2015, Cisco and Avaya joined
this instituted IPR. On March 4, 2016, the PTAB issued a final written decision holding that Samsung failed to show that any claims
of the  704 and  121 Patents were unpatentable. The PTAB also held that Samsung failed to show that the majority of
the claims of the  469 Patent were unpatentable. On May 5, 2016, Samsung filed a notice of appeal to the CAFC. On May 6,
2016, Cisco and Avaya also filed notices of appeal to the CAFC.  

On
October 31, 2014, LG, Toshiba, Vizio, and Hulu LLC ( Hulu ) filed three petitions with the PTAB for IPR of certain
claims of the  704,  469, and  121 Patents. On May 15, 2015, the PTAB instituted the requested IPRs. On November
10, 2015, the PTAB granted petitions filed by Cisco and Avaya to join in these IPRs. On November 24, 2015, the PTAB granted related
petitions to join on the  704 and  121 Patents filed by Verizon Services Corp. and Verizon Business Network Services
Inc. (the  Verizon affiliates ). On May 9, 2016, the PTAB issued a final written decision holding that Petitioners
failed to show that any claims of the  704 Patent were unpatentable. The PTAB also held that the petitioners failed to show
that the majority of the claims of the  469 and  121 Patents were unpatentable. On May 20, 2016, the petitioners filed
a notice of appeal to the CAFC. On August 26, 2016, the CAFC entered an order setting October 14, 2016 as the deadline for appellants 
opening briefs.  

On
September 28, 2015, Cisco, Avaya, and the Verizon affiliates filed a petition for an IPR with the PTAB for all claims of U.S.
Patent No. 6,701,365 (the   365 Patent ). On April 6, 2016, the PTAB denied the petition, finding that the petitioners
had not demonstrated a reasonable likelihood that any challenged claim was unpatentable. This decision was not appealed to the
CAFC, but as discussed above, these petitioners already have joined the Samsung and/or LG IPRs that have been appealed to the
CAFC.  

Patent
Enforcement   

Following
the CAFC s decision in Sipnet, Straight Path IP Group has taken steps to recommence its patent enforcement efforts in federal
district court that had been stayed or dismissed without prejudice during the pendency of the Sipnet Appeal and related IPRs.  

On
August 1, 2013, Straight Path IP Group filed complaints in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia
against LG, Toshiba, and Vizio alleging infringement of the  704,  469, and  121 Patents and seeking damages
related to such infringement. The actions were consolidated (the  consolidated action ) and assigned to Judge Anthony
J. Trenga. In October 2014, Hulu intervened in the consolidated action as to Hulu s streaming functionality in the accused
products. In that same month, Amazon.com, Inc. ( Amazon ) moved to intervene, sever, and stay claims related to Amazon s
streaming functionality in the accused products, and also filed an action in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California (the  Amazon action ) seeking declaratory relief of non-infringement of the  704,  469,
and  121 Patents based in part on the allegations related to the consolidated action. On December 5, 2014, Straight Path
IP Group filed a motion to dismiss the Amazon action, or in the alternative, to transfer venue to the Eastern District of Virginia.
On May 28, 2015, the California court transferred the Amazon action to Virginia, and the Virginia court later formally severed
the Amazon action from the consolidated action. In November 2014, the parties jointly moved to stay the consolidated action and
the Amazon action pending the completion of the Sipnet Appeal and the related IPRs. On November 4, 2014, the court granted the
stay. On May 23, 2016, the Company filed status reports with the Court in both the consolidated action and the Amazon action requesting
that the stay be lifted, and the defendants filed a statement and request for leave to file a motion to continue the stay. The
court held oral argument, and on August 8, 2016, the court continued the stay pending the outcome of the defendants  appeals
of the PTAB s denial of their IPRs.  

On
August 23, 2013, Straight Path IP Group filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas
against Samsung alleging infringement of the  704,  469, and  121 Patents and seeking damages related to such
infringement. In September 2014, Straight Path IP Group and Samsung jointly filed a motion to stay the action. On October 29,
2014, the court granted the motion and stayed the action pending the outcome of Sipnet and the IPR petitions filed by Samsung.
On May 31, 2016, Straight Path IP Group filed a notice informing the court of the results of the Samsung IPR and the CAFC s
decision in Sipnet and requesting that the stay be lifted. On June 2, 2016, the defendants filed a notice asserting that the stay
should remain pending their appeal of the PTAB s decision in the Samsung IPR. The court has not ruled on Straight Path IP
Group s request to lift the stay.  

On September 24, 2014, Straight Path IP Group filed complaints against
each of Apple, Avaya, and Cisco in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. Straight Path IP
Group claims that (a) Apple s telecommunications products, including FaceTime software, infringe four of Straight Path IP
Group s patents (the  704,  469, and  121 Patents and U.S. Patent No. 7,149,208); (b) Avaya s IP
telephony, video conference, and telepresence products such as its Aura Platform infringe four of the Straight Path IP Group s
patents (the  704,  469,  121, and  365 Patents); and (c) Cisco s IP telephony, video conference,
and telepresence products such as the Unified Communications Solutions infringe four of Straight Path IP Group s patents
(the  704,  469,  121, and  365 Patents). On December 24, 2014, Straight Path IP Group dismissed the complaints
against Avaya and Cisco without prejudice. On January 5, 2015, Straight Path IP Group dismissed the complaint against Apple without
prejudice. On June 21, 2016, SPIPG filed new complaints against Avaya and Cisco alleging that certain of their products infringe
four of SPIPG s patents. On August 5, 2016, Avaya filed its answer, affirmative defenses, and counterclaims for declaratory
judgments of noninfringement and invalidity of SPIPG s patents, and the parties have commenced discovery. Also on August
5, 2016, Cisco filed its answer and affirmative defenses, and the parties have commenced discovery. On June 24, 2016, SPIPG filed
a new complaint against Apple alleging that its FaceTime product infringes five of SPIPG s patents. On August 5, 2016, Apple
filed a partial motion to dismiss as well as its answer, affirmative defenses, and counterclaims for declaratory judgments of
noninfringement and invalidity of SPIPG s patents, and the parties have commenced discovery. Oral argument was held
on Apple s partial motion to dismiss on September 22, 2016, and a decision is pending. 

On
September 26, 2014, Straight Path IP Group filed a complaint against the Verizon affiliates and Verizon Communications in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the  SDNY ). Straight Path IP Group claims the
defendants  telephony products such as its Advanced Communications Products, including Unified Communications and Collaboration
and VOIP infringe on the  704,  469, and  365 Patents. On November 24, 2014, Straight Path IP Group dismissed
the complaint without prejudice subject to a confidential standstill agreement with the defendants. On June 7, 2016, Straight
Path IP Group filed a new complaint in the SDNY against the original Verizon parties as well as Verizon affiliate Cellco Partnership
d/b/a Verizon Wireless, alleging that defendants  IP telephony products such as FIOS Digital Voice, Unified Communications
and Collaboration, Verizon Enterprise Solutions VoIP, Virtual Communications Express, Voice over LTE, and related hardware and
software infringe the  704,  469 and  365 Patents. On August 5, 2016, Verizon filed its answer and affirmative
defenses, and the parties have commenced discovery. On September 13, 2016, Verizon filed a motion to stay the litigation pending
a decision from the CAFC in the appeal of the Samsung IPR. The court has scheduled an initial pretrial conference for October
28, 2016.  

In
addition to the foregoing, the Company may from time to time be subject to other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary
course of business.  

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

Item 5.
Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   

PRICE
RANGE OF COMMON STOCK AND DIVIDEND POLICY   

Our
Class B common stock is quoted on the NYSE MKT and trades under the symbol  STRP.   Trading commenced on
the NYSE MKT on August 1, 2013.  

The
table below sets forth the high and low sales prices for our Class B common stock as reported by the NYSE MKT for Fiscal 2016
and 2015. On July 31, 2013, IDT completed the Straight Path Spin-Off, in which each of IDT s stockholders received
one share of Straight Path Class A common stock for every two shares of IDT Class A common stock and one share of Straight
Path Class B common stock for every two shares of IDT Class B common stock held of record as of the close of business on July 25,
2013.  

On October 12, 2016, there was 1 holder of record of our Class A
common stock and 150 holders of record of our Class B common stock. These numbers do not include the number of persons whose shares
are in nominee or in  street name  accounts through brokers. On October 12, 2016, the last sales price reported on
the NYSE MKT for our Class B common stock was $31.02 per share. 

We
were formed in April 2013 and have never paid cash dividends except as discussed below.  

In
April 2015, Straight Path IP Group declared a dividend totaling $5,647,342. Straight Path IP Group paid $875,338 to its minority
stockholders in respect of operations during Fiscal 2014 and Fiscal 2015. Such dividends were charged to noncontrolling interests.
The dividend to Straight Path of $4,772,004 was not paid as of the filing of this report but eliminates in consolidation.  

The Company does not anticipate paying any additional dividends
on its common stock until it achieves sustainable profitability (after satisfying all of its operational needs, including payments
to the former Chief Executive Officer of Straight Path Spectrum (the  Former SPSI CEO )) and retains certain minimum
cash reserves. Following that time, we will retain sufficient cash to provide for investment in growth opportunities and
provide for the creation of long-term stockholder value, particularly through development of the Straight Path Spectrum and Straight
Path Ventures businesses and possibly the acquisition of complementary businesses or assets.  However, we do not intend
to retain earnings beyond those needs and beyond what we believe we can effectively deploy, and we expect that such additional
resources would be returned to stockholders via distributions or other means.  The payment of dividends in any specific period
will be at the sole discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. 

The
information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be contained in our definitive proxy statement relating to the
registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held January 12, 2017, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days
after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein.  

Performance
Graph of Stock   

The
line graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class B common stock with the cumulative total return
of the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and the Standard   Poor s 500 Index for the period beginning August 1,
2013 and ending July 31, 2016. The graph and table assume that $100 was invested on August 1, 2013 (the first day of trading for
the Class B common stock) with the cumulative total return of the Standard   Poor s 500 Index and Telecommunication
Services Index. Cumulative total stockholder returns for our Class B common stock, Standard   Poor s 500 Index and Telecommunication
Services Index are based on our fiscal year.  

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities   

There
were no purchases by us of our shares during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2016.  

Item 6. Selected Financial Data.   

The
following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with, and are qualified in their entirety by, the consolidated
financial statements and related notes thereto contained in  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
and  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included
herein.  

The
Company was formerly a subsidiary of IDT. On July 31, 2013, the Company was spun-off by IDT to its stockholders and became an
independent public company.  

Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain the words  believes,   anticipates, 
 expects,   plans,   intends  and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results projected in any
forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements, other important factors,
risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A
to Part I  Risk Factors  in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual
Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could
differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information set forth in this
report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K.  

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8
of this Annual Report.  

OVERVIEW
AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   

We are a communications asset company. We own 100% of Straight Path
Spectrum, 100% of Straight Path Ventures, and 84.5% of Straight Path IP Group. Straight Path Spectrum s wholly owned subsidiary,
Straight Path Spectrum, LLC holds, leases, and markets wireless spectrum. Straight Path Ventures develops next generation wireless
technology, particularly for 39 GHz. Straight Path IP Group owns intellectual property primarily related to communications over
the Internet, and the licensing and other businesses related to this intellectual property. We were formerly a subsidiary of IDT.
On July 31, 2013, we were spun-off from IDT to its stockholders and became an independent public company.  

Straight
Path Spectrum    

On
July 14, 2016, the FCC voted to adopt the UMFU Report and Order, which opens four mmW bands for flexible mobile and fixed wireless
services. The rules apply to 28 GHz (27.50-28.35 GHz, or LMDS A1), 37 GHz (37.0-38.6 GHz), and 39 GHz (38.6-40.0 GHz) bands, and
a new unlicensed band at 60 GHz (64.0-71.0 GHz). The UMFU Report and Order is the culmination of a 21-month regulatory process
that began when the FCC released a NOI on October 17, 2014 to examine the potential for the provision of mobile radio services
in bands above 24 GHz. The UMFU Report and Order reflects many of the proposals that we made for the 39 GHz band.  

On
September 20, 2016, the Company received a letter of inquiry from the FCC requesting additional documents and information regarding
the Company s 39 GHz (38.6   40.0 GHz) and 28 GHz (27.5   28.35 GHz) spectrum licenses. For further discussion
of this inquiry, please see Item 1A to Part I  Risk Factors  in this Annual Report.  

On September 11, 2015, Straight Path entered into an agreement
with CBNL to expedite production of a 39 GHz PMP radio. Straight Path agreed to a $1,000,000 non-recurring engineering investment,
and we expect the product to be commercially available by late 2016 or early 2017. 

Straight Path recently entered into a multiyear spectrum lease agreement
with Windstream, a nationwide advanced network communications provider, to lease 39 GHz spectrum in 40 markets for use with CBNL
VectaStar    39 GHz licensed PMP radios once they are commercially released. We anticipate this agreement will have
a meaningful impact on our revenue once the CBNL radios are deployed. 

The
Company purchased approximately $1.4 million of currently available technology at 39 GHz to deploy through independent wireless
operators in order to engage a broad customer base in advance of our deployment of the CBNL PMP radios when they become commercially
available in late 2016 or early 2017.  

Straight
Path Ventures    

Straight Path Ventures is developing next generation wireless technology
primarily for 39 GHz at its Gigabit Mobility Lab in Plano, Texas. Although work is at an early stage, the Company decided in Q3
2016 that this activity warrants a separate reportable business segment. On August 22, 2016, Straight Path Ventures filed a provisional
patent application with the USPTO for new 39 GHz transceiver technology. On September 19, 2016 Straight Path Ventures performed
an indoor demonstration using our prototype 39 GHz Gigarray    transceivers. 

Straight
Path IP Group    

In
Fiscal 2014 and early Fiscal 2015, Straight Path IP Group entered into 12 settlement and/or licensing agreements with licenses
and settlement payments received in the aggregate amount of $18,338,000.  

On October 9, 2014, the PTAB issued an administrative decision stating
that claims 1-7 and 32-42 of the  704 Patent are unpatentable. Straight Path IP Group appealed that decision. On November
25, 2015, the CAFC reversed the PTAB s decision and remanded the case back to the PTAB for further proceedings. On May 23,
2016, the PTAB issued a final written decision finding none of the challenged claims unpatentable. 

Following
the favorable CAFC decision, the PTAB denied pending petitions for IPR of the  704 Patent and other patents held by Straight
Path IP Group. As well, the PTAB found nearly all the claims patentable over the prior art in pending IPRs. The petitioners have
appealed to the CAFC.  

In
addition, in civil actions pending in federal district courts for the Eastern District of Virginia and Eastern District of Texas,
Straight Path IP Group has requested that the courts lift the stays previously put in place pending the outcome of the IPRs. The
Eastern District of Virginia denied the request and continued the stay pending a decision on the CAFC appeals. Straight Path IP
Group also filed complaints for patent infringement against several Verizon affiliates in the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and against Apple, Inc., Avaya Inc., and Cisco Systems, Inc. in the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of California.  

For
further discussion of these actions and other legal proceedings, please see Item 3 to Part I  Legal Proceedings  in
this Annual Report.  

Concentration
of Customers   

In
Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014, Straight Path Spectrum s revenues from transactions with a single customer that
amounted to 10% or more of total Straight Path Spectrum s revenues were as follows:  

The
loss of any of these major customers would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.  

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. Critical accounting policies are those that require application of management s most subjective
or complex judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our critical
accounting policy relates to the valuation of intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. Management bases its estimates and
judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
in this Annual Report for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies.  

Revenue
Recognition   

Straight
Path Spectrum lease revenues are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual lease period, which generally range
from one to three years. Revenues from sale of rights in FCC licenses are recognized upon execution of the agreement by both parties,
provided that the amounts are fixed or determinable, there are no significant undelivered obligations, and collectability is reasonably
assured. Revenues from sale of rights in FCC licenses less applicable costs of the sale are classified as  Gain on sale
of rights in wireless spectrum  in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

Straight
Path Spectrum recorded the amounts that the Former SPSI CEO was entitled to, related to leases, in  Selling, general and
administrative  expense, in the same period the related revenues were recognized. Straight Path Spectrum recorded the amounts
that the Former SPSI CEO was entitled to, related to the sale of rights in spectrum, in  Gains on sale of rights of wireless
spectrum,  in the same period the related revenues were recognized.  

Straight
Path IP Group licenses its portfolio of patents to companies who use these patents in the provision of their service. The contractual
terms of the license agreements generally provide for payments over an extended period of time. For the licensing agreements with
fixed royalty payments, Straight Path IP Group generally recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis over the contractual term
of the license, once collectability of the amounts is reasonably assured. For the licensing agreements with variable royalty payments
which are based on a percentage of sales, Straight Path IP Group earns royalties at the time that the customers  sales occur.
Straight Path IP Group s customers, however, do not report and pay royalties owed for sales in any given period until after
the conclusion of that period. As Straight Path IP Group is unable to estimate the customers  sales in any given period
to determine the royalties due to Straight Path IP Group, it recognizes royalty revenues when sales and royalties are reported
by customers and when other revenue recognition criteria are met.   

In
addition, Straight Path IP Group may enter into settlements of patent infringement disputes. The amount of consideration received
upon any settlement (including but not limited to past royalty payments and future royalty payments) is allocated to each element
of the settlement based on the fair value of each element. In addition, revenues related to past royalties are recognized upon
execution of the agreement by both parties, provided that the amounts are fixed or determinable, there are no significant undelivered
obligations and collectability is reasonably assured. Straight Path IP Group does not recognize any revenues prior to execution
of the agreement since there is no reliable basis on which it can estimate the amounts for royalties related to previous periods
or assess collectability.  

Direct
Cost of Revenues   

Direct cost of revenues for Straight Path Spectrum consists primarily
of network and connectivity costs. Such costs are charged to expense as incurred. Direct cost of revenues for Straight Path IP
Group consists of legal expenses directly related to revenues from litigation settlements. Expenses incurred for which revenue
has not yet been recognized is classified as  prepaid expenses   related to settlements and licensing  in the
consolidated balance sheet. 

Intangible
Assets with Indefinite Useful Lives   

Intangible
assets consist of the cost of the wireless spectrum licenses that were transferred to us by an entity controlled by the Former
SPSI CEO in connection with the June 2013 settlement of all outstanding claims and disputes with the Former SPSI CEO and parties
related to the Former SPSI CEO. The wireless spectrum licenses are not amortized since they are deemed to have an indefinite life.
These assets are reviewed annually or more frequently under certain conditions for impairment using a fair value approach. On
August 1, 2013, we adopted the accounting standard update that reduced the complexity of performing an impairment test for
indefinite-lived intangible assets by simplifying how an entity tests those assets for impairment and improved consistency in
impairment testing guidance among long-lived asset categories. We may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it
is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired as a basis for determining whether it is necessary
to perform the quantitative impairment test. Prior to the adoption of this update, we were required to test indefinite-lived intangible
assets for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. We would estimate the fair value of the
asset using discounted cash flow methodologies, as well as considering third party market value indicators. Cash flow projections
and fair value estimates, as well as assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an asset
is impaired, require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should our estimates and assumptions prove to be incorrect,
we may be required to record impairments in future periods.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

Effective
January 1, 2014, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-11,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation
of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists  
( ASU 2013-11 ).  ASU 2013-11 is expected to reduce diversity in practice by providing guidance on the presentation
of unrecognized tax benefits and will better reflect the manner in which an entity would settle at the reporting date any additional
income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position when net operating loss carryforwards, similar tax losses,
or tax credit carryforwards exist. This guidance is effective prospectively for the Company for annual and interim periods beginning
January 1, 2014.  The adoption of ASU 2013-11 did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results
of operations or cash flows.  

In
May 2014, ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ) was issued.
The comprehensive new standard will supersede existing revenue recognition guidance and require revenue to be recognized when
promised goods or services are transferred to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the Company expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance will also require that certain contract costs incurred to
obtain or fulfill a contract, such as sales commissions, be capitalized as an asset and amortized as revenue is recognized. Adoption
of the new rules could affect the timing of both revenue recognition and the incurrence of contract costs for certain transactions.
The guidance permits two implementation approaches, one requiring retrospective application of the new standard with restatement
of prior years and one requiring prospective application of the new standard with disclosure of results under old standards.  

ASU
2014-09 was scheduled to be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of Effective Date   ( ASU 2015-14 ) which defers the
effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. ASU 2014-09 is now effective for annual reporting periods after December 15, 2017 including
interim periods within that reporting period.  Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company will adopt the new standard
effective August 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption and the implementation approach to be used.  

In June 2014, ASU 2014-12,   Accounting for Share-Based Payments
When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period   ( ASU
No. 2014-12 ) was issued.  ASU No. 2014-12 requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could
be achieved after the requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. An entity should recognize compensation cost
in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost
attributable to the periods for which the requisite service has already been rendered. If the performance target becomes probable
of being achieved before the end of the requisite service period, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost should be recognized
prospectively over the remaining requisite service period. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during and after the
requisite service period should reflect the number of awards that are expected to vest and should be adjusted to reflect those
awards that ultimately vest. ASU 2014-12 becomes effective for interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2015.
Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the effects of adopting ASU 2014-12 on its consolidated
financial statements but the adoption is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

In
June 2014, ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   ( ASU No. 2014-15 ) was issued. 
Before the issuance of ASU 2014-15, there was no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures.
This guidance is expected to reduce the diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 requires management
to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that
are currently in U.S. auditing standards as specified in the guidance. ASU 2014-15 becomes effective for the annual period ending
after December 15, 2016 and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the effects of adopting ASU 2014-15 on its consolidated financial statements but the adoption is not expected to have a significant
impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,   Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20):
Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items   ( ASU 2015-01 ).
ASU 2015-01 eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. ASU 2015-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting
entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption
is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company anticipates
that the adoption of ASU 2015-01 will not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU NO. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  
( ASU 2015-02 ). The amendments in ASU 2015-02 change the analysis that reporting entity must perform to determine
whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The amendments in ASU 2015-02 are effective for public business
entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any
adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. A reporting entity may
apply the amendments in ASU 2015-02 using a modified retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity
as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively. The adoption
of ASU 2015-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   ( ASU 2015-03 ) as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting
standards (the Simplification Initiative). The Board received feedback that having different balance sheet presentation requirements
for debt issuance costs and debt discount and premium creates unnecessary complexity. Recognizing debt issuance costs as a deferred
charge (that is, an asset) also is different from the guidance in International Financial Reporting Standards, which requires
that transaction costs be deducted from the carrying value of the financial liability and not recorded as separate assets. Additionally,
the requirement to recognize debt issuance costs as deferred charges conflicts with the guidance in FASB Concepts Statement No.
6,  Elements of Financial Statements,   which states that debt issuance costs are similar to debt discounts and in
effect reduce the proceeds of borrowing, thereby increasing the effective interest rate. FASB Concepts Statement No. 6 further
states that debt issuance costs cannot be an asset because they provide no future economic benefit. To simplify presentation of
debt issuance costs, the amendments in this Update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be
presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.
The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this Update. For public
business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will evaluate the effects of adopting ASU 2015-03
if and when it is deemed to be applicable.  

In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  
( ASU 2015-17 ).  ASU 2015-17 requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as noncurrent
in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 becomes effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company adopted ASU 2015-17 effective for Fiscal 2016 and applied the amendment
retrospectively. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities   ( ASU 2016-01 ). The amendments require all equity
investments to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted
for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee). The amendments also require
an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability
resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value
in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirement to disclose
the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities and the
requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed
for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet for public business entities. This guidance is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will evaluate
the effects of adopting ASU 2016-01 if and when it is deemed to be applicable.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)   ( ASU 2016-02 ) which supersedes
existing guidance on accounting for leases in   Leases (Topic 840) .   The standard requires lessees to
recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases on the balance sheet.  A lessee should recognize in the balance
sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying
asset for the lease term.  The new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 (Fiscal
2020 for the Company) and interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied at the beginning of the
earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an
interim or annual reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of adopting ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU
2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 affects entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. ASU 2016-09 is designed
to simplify several aspects of accounting for share-based payment award transactions which include   the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeiture rate calculations.
This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance
Obligations and Licensing   ( ASU 2016-10 ) related to identifying performance obligations and licensing.
ASU 2016-10 is meant to clarify the guidance in FASB ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
Specifically, ASU 2016-10 addresses an entity s identification of its performance obligations in a contract, as well as
an entity s evaluation of the nature of its promise to grant a license of intellectual property and whether or not that
revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time. The pronouncement has the same effective date as the new revenue standard,
which is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-10 on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow Scope Improvements
and Practical Expedients   ( ASU 2016-12 ). The amendments in ASU 2016-12 affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09
by clarifying certain specific aspects of the guidance, including assessment of collectability, treatment of sales taxes and contract
modifications, and providing certain technical corrections. ASU 2016-12 will have the same effective date and transition requirements
as the ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-12 on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments   ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and
cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply,
in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently
in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  

The
Company does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would
have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  

Emerging
Growth Company   

We
qualify as an  emerging growth company  as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS
Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable generally
to public companies. These provisions include:  

an
    extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies; and   

an
    exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant
    to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

We
may take advantage of these provisions until the end of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our initial registration
statement filed related to our spin-off from IDT, which is July 31, 2017, or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging
growth company and, if we do, the information that we provide stockholders may be different than you might receive from other
public companies in which you hold equity. We would cease to be an emerging growth company if we have more than $1.0 billion in
annual revenue, have more than $700 million in market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more
than $1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period.  

The
JOBS Act permits an  emerging growth company  like us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply
with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies.  

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS   

Year
Ended July 31, 2016 ( Fiscal 2016 ) Compared to Year Ended July 31, 2015 ( Fiscal 2015 )     

We
evaluate the performance of our operating business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. Accordingly, the
income and expense line items below income (loss) from operations are only included in our discussion of the consolidated results
of operations.  

Consolidated    

Revenues.  Revenues generated by Straight Path Spectrum were
$461,000 and $426,000 in Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015, respectively. Revenues increased due to revenue from the lease of spectrum
to new customers (wireless network operators). 

Revenues
generated by Straight Path IP Group were $1.7 million and $12.8 million in Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015, respectively. Revenues
generated by Straight Path IP Group decreased substantially due to the expiration of the licensed patents. The Company was recognizing
revenue over the terms of the settlements and license agreements related to such patents entered into in prior periods. Primarily
all of the revenue was recognized as of September 30, 2015.    

Direct
cost of revenues . Direct cost of revenues decreased in Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 primarily due to the decrease in
the direct cost of revenues of Straight Path IP Group. The Straight Path IP Group direct cost of revenues were costs related to
enforcement efforts and litigation settlements and licensing arrangements and were recognized over the same time period as corresponding
revenues.    

Research
and development . Research and development consists primarily of expenses related to the agreement with CBNL in September 2015
to expedite production of a PMP radio for a total fee of $1,000,000, and expenses related to development by our Gigabit Mobility
Lab of next generation wireless technology for 39 GHz. The CBNL agreement contains several milestones. All of the milestones have
been reached to date. For Fiscal 2016, expenses recognized under the agreement totaled $1,000,000.  

Selling,
general and administrative expense .   Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in Fiscal 2016 compared
to Fiscal 2015 primarily as a result of the increase in the number of employees and salaries, an increase of non-cash stock-based
compensation charges related to the issuances of restricted common stock to employees, marketing expenses related to the installation
of radio links, and increased legal costs due to: 1) the putative shareholder class action, derivative action, and regulatory
enforcement activity, and 2) Straight Path IP Group s appeal of the PTAB s decision on the  704 Patent and related
IPRs.  

Stock-based compensation expense included in consolidated selling,
general and administrative expense was $2.77 million and $3.35 million in Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015, respectively. At July 31,
2016, unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation was an aggregate of $2.3 million. The unrecognized
compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period, of which $1.47 million is expected to be recognized
in Fiscal 2017, $707,000 in Fiscal 2018 and $127,000 in Fiscal 2019. 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2017,  the
Company issued 108,000 restricted shares of Class B Common Stock to officers and 56,000 restricted shares of Class B Common Stock
to employees as compensation. The shares vest over a two-to-four-year period. In addition, effective October 17, 2016, the Company
will issue to  our CEO, Davidi Jonas, a grant of 120,000 restricted shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock to
vest as to 60,000 shares on October 17, 2016 and 20,000 on each of October 18, 2017, October 17, 2018 and October 16, 2019. 

Interest
and other income.   Interest and other income in Fiscal 2016 included interest income of $39,000 and the reversal of prior
period accruals of $390,000. Interest and other income in Fiscal 2015 included interest income of $37,000, gain on the sale of
a patent of $35,000, the reversal of prior period accruals of $143,000, and the reduction in commissions owed totaling $130,000
from the settlement with the Former SPSI CEO.  

Income
taxes.    Straight Path Spectrum files its own tax returns. There is no provision
for Straight Path Spectrum for Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 as it incurred a taxable loss in both periods. In addition, there is
a 100% valuation allowance against the net operating losses generated by Straight Path Spectrum at both July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

Straight
Path Ventures files its own tax returns. There is no provision for Straight Path Ventures for Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 since
it is a partnership return, and its results are passed to its partners, both of which are included in the consolidated tax
return of Straight Path.  

The
operations of Straight Path IP Group are included in the consolidated tax return of Straight Path. There is no provision for Straight
Path for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 as it incurred a taxable loss in both periods. In addition, there is a 100% valuation
allowance against the net operating losses generated by Straight Path at July 31, 2016. The benefit in Fiscal 2016 represents
a federal refund from a prior year net of current state income and franchise taxes.  

The
provision for income taxes for Fiscal 2015 consisted solely of certain state income taxes.  

See
Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.  

Net
income attributable to noncontrolling interests . The change in net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests
was due to Straight Path IP Group incurring losses in the Fiscal 2016 periods compared to being profitable in the Fiscal 2015
periods.  

Straight
Path Spectrum Segment   

Revenues.  Revenues generated by Straight Path Spectrum were
$461,000 and $426,000 in Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015, respectively. Revenues increased due to revenue from the lease of spectrum
to new customers (wireless network operators). 

Direct
cost of revenues . Direct cost of revenues includes governmental fees and connectivity costs. No such costs were incurred in
Fiscal 2015.  

Research
and development . Research and development consists of expenses related to the agreement with CBNL in September 2015 to expedite
production of a PMP radio for a total fee of $1,000,000. The CBNL agreement contains several milestones. All of the milestones
have been reached to date. For Fiscal 2016, expenses recognized under the agreement totaled $1,000,000.  

Selling,
general and administrative expense .   Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in Fiscal 2016 compared
to Fiscal 2015 primarily as a result of the hiring of new employees, and the related increase in compensation costs, including
stock-based compensation for the issuances of restricted common stock to employees, marketing expenses related to the installation
of radio links, and increased legal costs due to the putative shareholder class action, derivative action, and regulatory enforcement
activity.  

Straight
Path IP Group Segment   

Revenues.
 We have filed a series of lawsuits claiming infringement of a number of our key patents seeking both damages and injunctive
relief. Many of these actions have been settled and we have entered into licensing arrangements with the former defendants.
(For the status of our other infringement lawsuits, please see Item 3 to Part I  Legal Proceedings  in this Annual
Report.) In connection with the settlements and licenses, Straight Path IP Group recognized revenue of approximately $1.7
million and $12.8 million in Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015, respectively. The gross payments under settlement and licensing agreements
that have been secured since the Company s Spin-Off (the beginning of Fiscal 2014) totaled $18.3 million as of July 31,
2016, all of which has been collected. Most of these settlement agreements include license fees for the duration of the license
term, and have been allocated across Fiscal 2014, 2015 and 2016 in the amounts of $4.2 million, $12.5 million and $1.6 million
respectively, based on the settlement dates and if the settlement included a look back period for damages. The license term was
through the expiration of the licensed patents. Primarily all of the revenue from these settlements was recognized as of September
30, 2015.  

The
PTAB s October 2014 decision on the  704 Patent previously had a materially adverse impact on our ongoing enforcement
efforts. During the pendency of the appeal from that decision and related IPRs, a number of pending civil actions brought by Straight
Path IP Group against various defendants were stayed or dismissed without prejudice. In light of the favorable outcome on appeal
and the favorable PTAB rulings in the related IPR proceedings, Straight Path IP Group has re-commenced four civil actions against
various defendants and requested to lift the stays in two other actions. That request was denied in one action pending a decision
in the defendants  appeal of the PTAB s recent rulings in the related IPRs. The request to lift the stay in the second
action remains pending. For further discussion of these litigations, please see Item 3 to Part I  Legal Proceedings 
in this Annual Report.    

Direct
cost of revenues . Direct cost of revenues consisted of legal expenses directly related to revenues from the litigation settlements
described above. We incurred an aggregate of $9.0 million in expenses directly related to these settlements, which was recognized
ratably in proportion to the recognition of the related revenue. We generally paid law firms that represented us in litigation
against alleged infringers of our intellectual property rights a percentage of the amounts recovered ranging from 0% to 40% depending
on several factors. In addition, there are other directly related legal expenses, such as expert testimony, travel, filing fees,
and others.  

Selling,
general and administrative expense . Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal
2015 primarily as a result of the increase in compensation costs, including stock-based compensation for the issuances of restricted
common stock to employees, and increased legal costs due to Straight Path IP Group s appeal of the PTAB s decision
on the  704 Patent and related IPRs.  

Straight
Path Ventures Segment    

Research
and development . Research and development consists of expenses related to development by our Gigabit Mobility Lab of next
generation wireless technology for 39 GHz.  

Selling,
general and administrative . Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll and related payroll
taxes and benefits as well as stock compensation expenses.  

Year
Ended July 31, 2015 ( Fiscal 2015 ) Compared to Year Ended July 31, 2014 ( Fiscal 2014 )     

Consolidated   

Revenues.  Revenues generated by Straight Path Spectrum were
$426,000 and $424,000 in Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014, respectively. In the first two quarters of Fiscal 2015, there was a loss
of revenue from some legacy leases that expired or terminated. In the third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2015, spectrum lease
revenue began to increase due to revenue from the lease of spectrum to new customers (wireless network operators). 

Revenues
generated by Straight Path IP Group were $12.8 million and $4.4 million in Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014, respectively. Straight
Path IP Group current revenues all relate to prior settlements and receipts, being recognized over the life of the patents. No
new settlement revenue has been generated since October 2014.    

Direct
cost of revenues . Direct cost of revenues increased in Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 primarily due to the increase in
the direct cost of revenues of Straight Path IP Group. The Straight Path IP Group direct cost of revenues were costs related to
enforcement efforts and litigation settlements and licensing arrangements, increased generally proportionally to the increase
in settlement revenues, and are recognized over the same time period as corresponding revenues.    

Selling,
general and administrative expense .   Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in Fiscal 2015 compared
to Fiscal 2014 primarily as a result of the increase in the number of employees, compensation costs in terms of increased salaries,
and primarily due to non-cash stock-based compensation charges related to the issuances of restricted common stock to employees.
There were also anticipated increased legal costs due to Straight Path IP Group s Sipnet Appeal and IPRs.  

Stock-based compensation expense included in consolidated selling,
general and administrative expense was $3.35 million and $758,000 in Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014, respectively. At July 31, 2015,
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation was an aggregate of $3.3 million. The unrecognized
compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period, of which $1.81 million is expected to be recognized
in the year ending July 31, 2016, $985,000 in the year ending July 31, 2017, $400,000 in the year ending July 31, 2018 and $64,000
in the year ending July 31, 2019. 

Interest
and other income.   Interest and other income in Fiscal 2015 included interest income of $37,000, gain on the sale of
a patent of $35,000, the reversal of prior period accruals of $143,000 and the reduction in commissions owed totaling $130,000
from the settlement with the former Chief Executive Officer of Straight Path Spectrum (the  Former SPSI CEO ). Interest
and other income in Fiscal 2014 consisted solely of interest income.  

Income
from IDT Corporation payments of liabilities.   In connection with the Spin-Off, we and IDT entered into a Separation
and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with IDT after the Spin-Off.
The Separation and Distribution Agreement includes, among other things, that IDT is obligated to reimburse us for the payment
of liabilities arising or related to the period prior to the Spin-Off. In Fiscal 2015, no amounts were paid by IDT pursuant to
this obligation. In Fiscal 2014, IDT paid $386,000 pursuant to this obligation.  

Income
taxes.  The provision for income taxes for Fiscal 2015 consists primarily of the tax effects of the increase in the valuation
allowance against deferred income tax assets of Straight Path IP Group. The provision for income tax benefits for Fiscal 2014
represented primarily the deferred tax effects related to the net deferred revenue on the litigation settlements of Straight Path
IP Group. See Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements.  

Net
income attributable to noncontrolling interests . The change in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was
due to Straight Path IP being more profitable in Fiscal 2015 as compared to Fiscal 2014.  

Straight
Path Spectrum Segment   

Revenues.  Revenues generated by Straight Path Spectrum were
$426,000 and $424,000 in Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014, respectively. In the first two quarters of Fiscal 2015, there was a loss
of revenue from some legacy leases that expired or terminated. In the third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2015, spectrum lease
revenue began to increase due to revenue from the lease of spectrum to new customers (wireless network operators). 

Direct
cost of revenues . Direct cost of revenues includes governmental fees and connectivity costs. No such costs were incurred in
the Fiscal 2015 periods.  

Selling,
general and administrative expense . Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in Fiscal 2015 compared
to Fiscal 2014 primarily as a result of the hiring of new employees, and the related increase in compensation costs, including
stock-based compensation for the issuances of restricted common stock.  

Straight
Path IP Group Segment   

Revenues.
 We have filed a series of lawsuits claiming infringement of a number of our key patents seeking both damages and injunctive
relief. Many of these actions have been settled and we have entered into licensing arrangements with the former defendants.
In Fiscal 2015, we collected settlement and licensing payments totaling $2.5 million. In connection with the settlements
and licenses, Straight Path IP Group recognized revenue of approximately $12.8 million and $4.4 million in Fiscal 2015 and
Fiscal 2014, respectively. The gross payments under settlement and licensing agreements that have been secured since the Company s
Spin-Off (the beginning of Fiscal 2014) totaled $18.3 million as of July 31, 2015, all of which has been collected. Most of these
settlement agreements include license fees for the duration of the license term, and have been allocated across Fiscal 2014, 2015
and 2016 in the amounts of $4.2 million, $12.5 million and $1.6 million respectively, based on the settlement dates and if the
settlement included a look back period for damages. The license term is through the expiration of the licensed patents.  

As
of the end of Fiscal 2015, the decision of the PTAB in the Sipnet IPR had a materially adverse impact on our ongoing enforcement
efforts. During the pendency of the Sipnet Appeal and outstanding IPRs, all litigation related to the relevant patents that was
brought by us as plaintiff was stayed or dismissed without prejudice, and therefore, we were not able to move forward with actions
against Samsung, LG, Toshiba, Vizio, Apple, Avaya, Cisco, or Verizon.   

Direct
cost of revenues . Direct cost of revenues consisted of legal expenses directly related to revenues from the litigation settlements described
above. We incurred an aggregate of $9.0 million in expenses directly related to these settlements, which is being recognized ratably in
proportion to the recognition of the related revenue. We generally pay law firms that represent us in litigation against alleged
infringers of our intellectual property rights a percentage of the amounts recovered ranging from 0% to 40% depending on
several factors. In addition, there are other directly related legal expenses, such as expert testimony, travel, filing fees,
and others.  

Selling,
general and administrative expense . Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal
2014 primarily as a result of the increase in compensation costs, including stock-based compensation for the issuances of
restricted common stock and increased legal costs due to Straight Path IP Group s Sipnet Appeal and IPRs.  

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

General   

Historically,
we have primarily satisfied our cash requirements through the initial funding provided in connection with the Spin-Off,
proceeds from the sale or lease of rights in spectrum licenses, and settlements or licensing fees received. In connection
with the Spin-Off, IDT transferred cash to us such that we had approximately $15 million in cash at the time of the Spin-Off.
We currently expect that our cash and cash equivalents on-hand at July 31, 2016 will be sufficient to meet our
anticipated cash requirements during the twelve months ending July 31, 2017.  

We
previously projected an increase in spending of $2 $3 million from our initial expectations for a number of matters, including
procuring equipment, expenses for legal and other advisors, and related items. We have spent a significant portion of this projected
amount, including $1.4 million on currently available technology at 39 GHz and approximately $1.4 million on legal and other advisors,
and we may exceed the amount previously projected. Additionally, we will continue to prepare to deploy upgraded equipment, most
likely in early calendar 2017 for PMP applications at 39 GHz, while pursuing our long-term plans for enabling 5G mobility services
using our licensed spectrum.  

As
of July 31, 2016, we had cash of $11.4 million and working capital (current assets less current liabilities) of $11.4 million.
In connection with the Spin-Off, we and IDT entered into various agreements prior to the Spin-Off including a Separation
and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with IDT after the Spin-Off.
The Separation and Distribution Agreement includes, among other things, that IDT is obligated to reimburse us for the payment
of liabilities arising or related to the period prior to the Spin-Off. For Fiscal 2016, no payments were made by IDT pursuant
to this obligation.  

The
Former SPSI CEO is entitled to receive payments from future revenues generated from the leasing, licensing, or sale of
rights in certain a Straight Path Spectrum s wireless spectrum licenses. Those payments are to be made out of 50% of
the covered revenue and are in a maximum aggregate amount of $3.25 million. The payments arise under the June 2013 settlement
of certain claims and disputes with the Former SPSI CEO and parties related to the Former SPSI CEO.
Approximately $48,000 was incurred to the Former SPSI CEO for this obligation for Fiscal 2016,
approximately $8,000 for Fiscal 2015 and approximately $35,000 for Fiscal 2014.  

Year
Ended July 31, 2016 ( Fiscal 2016 ) Compared to Year Ended July 31, 2015 ( Fiscal 2015 )     

Operating
Activities   

  Our
cash flow from operations varies significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results
and the timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically payments of trade accounts payable and timing of settlements
of lawsuits brought by Straight Path IP Group.  

Investing
Activities   

  There
were no investing activities in Fiscal 2016.  

Financing
Activities   

  In
Fiscal 2016, the Company received $10,000 upon the exercise of stock options.  

We
do not anticipate paying additional dividends on our common stock until we achieve sustainable profitability after satisfying
all of our operational needs, including payments to the Former SPSI CEO, and retain certain minimum cash reserves. Following that
time, we will retain sufficient cash to provide for investment in growth opportunities and provide for the creation of long-term
stockholder value, particularly through development of the spectrum business, development of next generation wireless technology
for 39 GHz, and possibly the acquisition of complementary businesses or assets. However, we do not intend to retain earnings beyond
those needs and beyond what we believe we can effectively deploy, and we expect that such additional resources would be returned
to stockholders via distributions or other means. The payment of dividends in any specific period will be at the sole discretion
of our Board of Directors.  

Year
Ended July 31, 2015 ( Fiscal 2015 ) Compared to Year Ended July 31, 2014 ( Fiscal 2014 )   

Operating
Activities   

  Our
cash flow from operations varies significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results
and the timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically payments of trade accounts payable and timing of settlements
of lawsuits brought by Straight Path IP Group.  

Investing
Activities   

  Cash
provided by investing activities totaled $20,000 in Fiscal 2015. The Company sold a patent and received proceeds of $35,000. Separately,
the Company purchased an internet domain name for $15,000.  

Financing
Activities   

  Cash
used in financing activities totaled $742,000 in Fiscal 2015. In April 2015, Straight Path IP Group paid a dividend totaling approximately
$875,000 to its minority stockholders in respect of operations during Fiscal 2014 and Fiscal 2015. This was offset by approximately
$68,000 received by the Company upon the exercise of stock options and $65,000 received from the sale of treasury stock.  

Contractual
Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments   

The
Company currently leases its corporate headquarters in Glen Allen, Virginia under a lease that expires on May 31, 2017. The annual
rent is approximately $7,200.  

The
Company currently leases its satellite office in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey under a lease that expires on April 30, 2018. The
annual rent is $37,200.  

Effective
December 1, 2015, we lease an office in Plano, Texas for use as a development lab. The lease term expires on December 31, 2018
and the average annual rental is approximately $18,000.  

The
Company signed a purchase order to CBNL for the acquisition of 500 PMP radios for $2,100,000 and has paid a deposit of $630,000.
The balance of $1,470,000 will be payable upon proof of shipment to the Company. See Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements.  

The
following table sets forth the Company s future contractual obligations as of July 31, 2016.  

(1) Effective August 1, 2013, the Company
began leasing space on a roof for some of its telecom equipment as part of its spectrum operations. The monthly rental is currently
$600. In addition, the Company currently leases space on two additional roofs for some of its telecom equipment as part of
its spectrum operations. The total monthly rental for these two roofs is $500. All three leases continue on a month-to-month
basis until terminated by either party with 30 days  notice.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

As
of July 31, 2016, we did not have any  off-balance sheet arrangements,  as defined in relevant SEC regulations that
are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures, or capital resources, other than the following.  

In
connection with the Spin-Off, we and IDT entered into various agreements prior to the Spin-Off including a Separation and Distribution
Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with IDT after the Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation
Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of us and IDT with respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state,
local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Spin-Off, the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods
and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods. Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement,
we indemnify IDT and IDT indemnifies us for losses related to the failure of the other to pay, perform, or otherwise discharge
any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in the agreement. The Separation and Distribution Agreement includes, among other
things, that IDT is obligated to reimburse us for the payment of any liabilities arising or related to the period prior to the
Spin-Off.  

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks.   

The
Company is not exposed to economic risk from foreign exchange rates, interest rates, credit risk, equity prices or commodity prices
for the following reasons:  

1.  
      All
    of the Company s transactions are in US dollars.   

2.  
      The
    Company has no outstanding debt payable.   

3.  
      The
    Company does not own any marketable securities.   

4.  
      The
    Company does not purchase any commodities.   

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   

The
Consolidated Financial Statements and supplementary data of the Company and the report of the independent registered public accounting
firm thereon are set forth starting on page F-1 herein are incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   

None.  

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of July 31, 2016.  

Management's
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that:  

1.  
      pertain
    to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
    of our assets;   

2.  
      provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
    authorizations of our management and directors; and   

3.  
      provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detections of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets
    that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016 based on
the guidelines established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission as adopted in 2013 (COSO). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures
that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with US GAAP. Based on the results of our evaluation, our management concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 31, 2016.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm    

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to
an exemption established by the JOBS Act for  emerging growth companies.   

Item 9B.
Other Information.   

None.  

PART
III   

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   

The
following is a list of our executive officers and directors along with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934:  

Executive
Officers   

Davidi
Jonas - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President  

  Jonathan
Rand - Chief Financial Officer  

  Zhouyue
(Jerry) Pi - Chief Technology Officer   

  David
Breau - General Counsel  

Management
Directors   

Davidi
Jonas  

Independent
Directors   

K.
Chris Todd - Partner at the law firm of Kellog, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans   Figel, P.L.L.C.  

William
F. Weld - Partner at the law firm of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. (Mintz Levin) and a principal of ML Strategies,
LLC, a consulting affiliate of Mintz Levin.  

Fred
S. Zeidman - Director of Petro River Oil Corporation.  

The
remaining information required by this Item will be contained in the Information Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within
120 days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein.  

We
make available free of charge through the investor relations page of our website (www.straightpath.com  /investors ) our
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports,
and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more than 10% of
our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the SEC. We have adopted a code
of business conduct and ethics for all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer.
A copy of the code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website.   

Our
website and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report
on Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC.  

Item 11.
Executive Compensation.   

The
information required by this Item will be contained in the Information Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120
days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein.  

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.   

The
information required by this Item will be contained in the Information Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120
days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein.  

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.   

The
information required by this Item will be contained in the Information Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120
days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein.  

Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services.   

The
information required by this Item will be contained in the Information Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120
days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference herein.  

Part
IV   

Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.   

(a)  
      The
    following documents are filed as part of this Report:   

1.  
      Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms on Consolidated Financial Statements   

Consolidated
    Financial Statements covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

2.  
      Financial
    Statement Schedule.   

All
    schedules have been omitted since they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required
    or not applicable.   

3.  
      The
    exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of this item.   

(b)  
      Exhibits.   

*
Filed herewith.  

  #
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  

(1)    Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Form 10-12G/A filed July 31, 2013.  

  (2)    Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Form DEF 14A filed November 24, 2014.  

Signatures   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

STRAIGHT
    PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

By:  

Davidi
        Jonas   
           Chief Executive Officer     

Date:
October 13, 2016  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Signature  
         
      Titles  
         
      Date   

Chief
    Executive Officer,  
         
      October 13,
    2016   
 
       Davidi
    Jonas   
         
      President
    and Director (Principal Executive Officer)  

Chief
    Financial Officer  
         
      October 13,
    2016   
 
       Jonathan
    Rand   
         
      (Principal
    Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

Director  
         
      October 13,
    2016   
 
       K.
    Chris Todd   

Director   

October 13,
        2016    
 
       William
    F. Weld   

Director  
         
      October 13,
    2016   
 
       Fred
    S. Zeidman   

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Straight Path Communications Inc.  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Straight Path Communications Inc. as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
July 31, 2016. Straight Path Communication Inc. s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement. Straight Path Communication Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting
as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of Straight Path Communication Inc. s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion.  

We
were not engaged to examine management s assertion about the effectiveness of Straight Path Communication Inc. s internal
control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2016 included in the accompanying Straight Path Communication Inc. s Report
and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion thereon.   

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Straight Path Communications Inc. as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the years in the three-year period ended July 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.  

Zwick
      Banyai, PLLC   

Southfield,
    Michigan  

October 13,
2016   

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

     CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS   

   (In
Thousands)   

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

   (In
Thousands, except per share amounts)   

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF EQUITY   

   Years
Ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014   

   (In
Thousands)   

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (In
Thousands)   

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Note
1 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Description
of Business   

  Straight
Path Communications Inc. ( Straight Path ), a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in April 2013. Straight Path
owns 100% of Straight Path Spectrum, Inc. ( Straight Path Spectrum ) and Straight Path Ventures, LLC ( Straight
Path Ventures ), and 84.5% of Straight Path IP Group, Inc. ( Straight Path IP Group ). In these financial statements,
the  Company  refers to Straight Path, Straight Path Spectrum, Straight Path Ventures, and Straight Path IP Group
on a consolidated basis. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

The
Company was formerly a subsidiary of IDT Corporation ( IDT ). On July 31, 2013, the Company was spun-off by IDT to
its stockholders and became an independent public company (the  Spin-Off ). The Company authorized the issuance of
two classes of its common stock, Class A ( Class A common stock ) and Class B ( Class B common stock ).  

The
Company s fiscal year ends on July 31 of each calendar year. Each reference below to a fiscal year refers to the fiscal
year ending in the calendar year indicated (e.g., Fiscal 2016 refers to the fiscal year ending July 31, 2016).  

Straight
Path Spectrum   

 Straight Path Spectrum s wholly owned subsidiary, Straight
Path Spectrum, LLC, holds, leases, and markets a broad collection of exclusively licensed commercial fixed and mobile wireless
spectrum licenses. These licenses, granted by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ), include 828 licenses in
the 39 gigahertz ( GHz ) band and 133 licenses in the local multipoint distribution service ( LMDS ) band.
Straight Path Spectrum offers its customers point-to-point and point-to-multipoint wireless broadband digital telecommunications
services. The broad geographical reach of the licenses enables Straight Path Spectrum to provide its services throughout the United
States. 

In
October 2010, Straight Path Spectrum paid an aggregate of $210,000 to renew certain of its 39 GHz spectrum licenses and established
a new expiration date of October 18, 2020 for these licenses. The Company included the license renewal costs in other assets,
which are being charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the ten-year term of the licenses.  

Straight
Path Ventures   

  Straight
Path Ventures, a Delaware limited liability company, develops next generation wireless technology for 39 GHz at its Gigabit Mobility
Lab in Plano, Texas. The Company decided in Fiscal 2016 that this activity warrants a separate reportable business segment. On
August 22, 2016, Straight Path Ventures filed a provisional patent application with the United States Patent and Trademark Office
for new 39 GHz transceiver technology. On September 19, 2016, Straight Path Ventures performed an indoor demonstration using our
prototype 39 GHz Gigarray    transceivers.  

Straight
Path IP Group   

  Straight
Path IP Group is a Delaware corporation. The Company believes that many parties are operating by infringing on Straight Path IP
Group s intellectual property, specifically one or more of Straight Path IP Group s patents related to communications
over the Internet. The Company is enforcing its rights and seeking to license its patents in order to generate revenue.  

Straight
Path IP Group s patent portfolio consists of the NetSpeak (the  NetSpeak patents ) and Droplet portfolios described
below.   

NetSpeak
Portfolio:   

United
States Patents Nos. 6,131,121; 6,701,365; 6,513,066; 6,185,184; 6,829,645; 6,687,738; 6,009,469; 6,226,678; 7,149,208 and 6,178,453,
and the foreign counterparts to U.S. Patent No. 6,108,704, which are German Patent No. 852868 and Taiwan Patent No. NI-096566.  

These
patents are Straight Path IP Group s core assets. The patents had finite lives and have begun to expire on September
25, 2015. One patent in the NetSpeak Portfolio, U.S. Patent No. 6,178,453, will expire on April 4, 2017. Straight Path IP Group
may continue to enforce the patents for patent infringement that occurred before expiration, although we do not anticipate filing
additional actions. There is no guarantee that the patents will be adequately exploited or commercialized.  

We
generally pay law firms that represent us in litigation against alleged infringers of our intellectual property rights a percentage
of the amounts recovered ranging from 0% to 40% depending on several factors.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.  
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Droplet
Portfolio:   

  The
Droplet patent portfolio includes United States Patents Nos. 6,847,317; 7,844,122; 7,525,463; 8,279,098; 7,436,329; 7,679,649,
8,947,271, 8,896,717, 8,849,964, 8,896,652 and a number of U.S. and foreign patent applications.  

Use
of Estimates   

  The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results may differ from those estimates.  

Revenue
Recognition   

  Straight
Path Spectrum lease revenues are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual lease period, which generally range
from one to five years. Revenues from sale of rights in FCC licenses are recognized upon execution of the agreement by both parties,
provided that the amounts are fixed or determinable, there are no significant undelivered obligations and collectability is reasonably
assured.  

Straight
Path Spectrum recorded the amounts that the former Chief Executive Officer of Straight Path Spectrum (the  Former SPSI CEO )
was entitled to, related to leases, in  Selling, general and administrative  expense, in the same period the related
revenues were recognized.  

Straight
Path Ventures develops next generation wireless technology and has no revenue at this time.  

Straight
Path IP Group licensed its portfolio of patents to companies who used these patents in the provision of their product(s) and/or
service(s). The contractual terms of the license agreements entered into in prior periods generally provided for payments over
an extended period of time. For the licensing agreements with fixed royalty payments, Straight Path IP Group generally recognized
revenue on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the license, once collectability of the amounts was reasonably assured.
For the licensing agreements with variable royalty payments which are based on a percentage of sales, Straight Path IP Group earned
royalties at the time that the customers  sales occurred. Straight Path IP Group s customers, however, did not report
and pay royalties owed for sales in any given period until after the conclusion of that period. As Straight Path IP Group was
unable to estimate the customers  sales in any given period to determine the royalties due to Straight Path IP Group, it
recognized royalty revenues when sales and royalties were reported by customers and when other revenue recognition criteria were
met.  

In
addition, Straight Path IP Group entered into certain settlements of patent infringement disputes. The amount of consideration
received upon any settlement (including but not limited to past royalty payments and future royalty payments) was allocated to
each element of the settlement based on the fair value of each element. In addition, revenues related to past royalties were recognized
upon execution of the agreement by both parties, provided that the amounts were fixed or determinable, there were no significant
undelivered obligations and collectability was reasonably assured. Straight Path IP Group did not recognize any revenues prior
to execution of the agreement since there was no reliable basis on which it could estimate the amounts for royalties related to
previous periods or assess collectability.  

Direct
Cost of Revenues   

 Direct cost of revenues for Straight Path Spectrum consists primarily
of network and connectivity costs. Such costs are charged to expense as incurred.  Direct cost of revenues for Straight
Path IP Group consists of legal expenses directly related to revenues from litigation settlements. Expenses incurred for which
revenue had not yet been recognized was classified  prepaid expenses - related to settlements and licensing  in the
consolidated balance sheet. 

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.  
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Cash
Equivalents and Concentrations of Credit Risk   

  The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
Cash equivalents consist of money market accounts. The Company maintains principally all cash and cash equivalent balances in
various financial institutions, which at times may exceed the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  The
exposure to the Company is solely dependent upon daily bank balances and the respective strength of the financial institutions.  The
Company has not incurred any losses on these accounts.  

Intangible
Assets   

  Intangible
assets consist primarily of the cost of the wireless spectrum licenses that were transferred to the Company by an entity controlled
by the Former SPSI CEO in connection with the June 2013 settlement of all outstanding claims and disputes with the Former SPSI
CEO and parties related to the Former SPSI CEO (see Note 7). The wireless spectrum licenses are not amortized since they are deemed
to have an indefinite life. These assets are reviewed annually or more frequently under certain conditions for impairment using
a fair value approach. On August 1, 2013, the Company adopted the accounting standard update that reduced the complexity
of performing an impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets by simplifying how an entity tests those assets for impairment
and improved consistency in impairment testing guidance among long-lived asset categories. The Company may first assess qualitative
factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired as a basis for determining
whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test. Prior to the adoption of this update, the Company was required
to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. The
adoption of this standard update did not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

No
impairment was recorded for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015.    

Income
Taxes   

  The
Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between
the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. A valuation allowance
is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income during the period in which related temporary
differences become deductible. The Company considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable
income, and tax planning strategies in its assessment of a valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date of such change.  

The
Company uses a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The
Company determines whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. In evaluating whether a tax position
has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company presumes that the position will be examined by the appropriate
taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold are measured to determine the amount of tax benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured
at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Differences
between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the financial statements will generally result in one or
more of the following: an increase in a liability for income taxes payable, a reduction of an income tax refund receivable, a
reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase in a deferred tax liability.  

The
Company classifies interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of income tax expense.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.  
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Contingencies   

  The
Company accrues for loss contingencies when both (a) information available prior to issuance of the financial statements
indicates that it is probable that a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (b) the amount
of loss can reasonably be estimated. When the Company accrues for loss contingencies and the reasonable estimate of the loss is
within a range, the Company records its best estimate within the range. When no amount within the range is a better estimate than
any other amount, the Company accrues the minimum amount in the range. The Company discloses an estimated possible loss or a range
of loss when it is at least reasonably possible that a loss may have been incurred.  

Earnings
per Share   

  Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to all classes of common stockholders of the Company by the
weighted average number of shares of all classes of common stock outstanding during the applicable period. Diluted earnings per
share is computed in the same manner as basic earnings per share, except that the number of shares is increased to include restricted
stock still subject to risk of forfeiture and to assume exercise of potentially dilutive stock options using the treasury stock
method, unless the effect of such increase is anti-dilutive.  

The
following table sets forth the number of Class B shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options which were
excluded from the diluted per share calculation even though the exercise price was less than the average market price of the Class
B common shares and non-vested restricted Class B common stock because the effect of including these potential shares was anti-dilutive
due to the net loss incurred during that period:  

The
following table sets forth the number of stock options to purchase Class B common stock which were excluded from the diluted per
share calculation because the exercise price was greater than the average market price of the Class B common shares:  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.  
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

For
the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, the diluted loss per share equals basic loss per share because the Company had a net loss
and the impact of the assumed exercise of stock options and assumed vesting of restricted stock would have been anti-dilutive.

Stock-Based
Compensation   

  The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718,   Compensation - Stock Compensation .   The
Company recognizes compensation expense for all of its grants of stock-based awards based on the estimated fair value on
the grant date. Compensation cost for awards is recognized using the straight-line method over the vesting period. Stock-based
compensation is included in selling, general and administrative expense.  See Note 6.  

The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued in exchange for the receipt of goods or services from other than employees in accordance
with FASB ASC 505,   Equity .   Costs are measured at the estimated fair market value of the consideration
received or the estimated fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value of equity
instruments issued for consideration other than employee services is determined on the earlier of a performance commitment or
completion of performance by the provider of goods or services as defined by ASC 505.  

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts     

  The
allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the Company s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable
balance. The allowance is determined based on known troubled accounts, historical experience and other currently available evidence.
Doubtful accounts are written-off upon final determination that the trade accounts will not be collected. The change in the allowance
for doubtful accounts is as follows:  

Year ended July 31, 
(in thousands)    
          Balance at    beginning of    year         
          Additions    charged to    costs and    expenses         
          Deductions         
          Balance at    end of year       
 
     2016    

Reserves deducted from accounts receivable:    

Allowance for doubtful accounts    
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $        
 
     2015    

Reserves deducted from accounts receivable:    

Allowance for doubtful accounts    
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $        

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

  Effective
January 1, 2014, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2013-11,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation
of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists  
( ASU 2013-11 ).  ASU 2013-11 is expected to reduce diversity in practice by providing guidance on the presentation
of unrecognized tax benefits and will better reflect the manner in which an entity would settle at the reporting date any additional
income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position when net operating loss carryforwards, similar tax losses,
or tax credit carryforwards exist. This guidance is effective prospectively for the Company for annual and interim periods beginning
January 1, 2014. The adoption of ASU 2013-11 did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results
of operations or cash flows.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.  
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

In
May 2014, ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ) was issued.
The comprehensive new standard will supersede existing revenue recognition guidance and require revenue to be recognized when
promised goods or services are transferred to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the Company expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance will also require that certain contract costs incurred to
obtain or fulfill a contract, such as sales commissions, be capitalized as an asset and amortized as revenue is recognized. Adoption
of the new rules could affect the timing of both revenue recognition and the incurrence of contract costs for certain transactions.
The guidance permits two implementation approaches, one requiring retrospective application of the new standard with restatement
of prior years and one requiring prospective application of the new standard with disclosure of results under old standards.  

ASU
2014-09 was scheduled to be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
within that reporting period. Early application is not permitted. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of Effective Date   ( ASU 2015-04 ) which defers the
effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. ASU 2014-09 is now effective for annual reporting periods after December 15, 2017 including
interim periods within that reporting period.  Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company will adopt the new standard
effective August 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption and the implementation approach to be used.  

Effective
January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2014-12,   Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide
That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period   ( ASU 2014-12 ).  ASU
2014-12 requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period
is treated as a performance condition. An entity should recognize compensation cost in the period in which it becomes probable
that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the periods for which
the requisite service has already been rendered. If the performance target becomes probable of being achieved before the end of
the requisite service period, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost should be recognized prospectively over the remaining
requisite service period. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during and after the requisite service period should
reflect the number of awards that are expected to vest and should be adjusted to reflect those awards that ultimately vest. ASU
2014-12 became effective for interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2014-12 did
not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
June 2014, ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern   ( ASU 2014-15 ) was issued. 
Before the issuance of ASU 2014-15, there was no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures.
This guidance is expected to reduce the diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 requires management
to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that
are currently in U.S. auditing standards as specified in the guidance. ASU 2014-15 becomes effective for the annual period ending
after December 15, 2016 (Fiscal 2017 for the Company) and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the effects of adopting ASU 2014-15 on its consolidated financial statements but the adoption
is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,   Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20):
Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items   ( ASU 2015-01 ).
ASU 2015-01 eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. ASU 2015-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting
entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption
is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company anticipates
that the adoption of ASU 2015-01 will not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2015, the FASB issued ASU NO. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  
( ASU 2015-02 ). The amendments in ASU 2015-02 change the analysis that reporting entity must perform to determine
whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The amendments in ASU 2015-02 are effective for public business
entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any
adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. A reporting entity may
apply the amendments in ASU 2015-02 using a modified retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity
as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively. The adoption
of ASU 2015-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.  
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

In
April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   ( ASU 2015-03 ) as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting
standards (the Simplification Initiative). The Board received feedback that having different balance sheet presentation requirements
for debt issuance costs and debt discount and premium creates unnecessary complexity. Recognizing debt issuance costs as a deferred
charge (that is, an asset) also is different from the guidance in International Financial Reporting Standards, which requires
that transaction costs be deducted from the carrying value of the financial liability and not recorded as separate assets. Additionally,
the requirement to recognize debt issuance costs as deferred charges conflicts with the guidance in FASB Concepts Statement No.
6,  Elements of Financial Statements,   which states that debt issuance costs are similar to debt discounts and in
effect reduce the proceeds of borrowing, thereby increasing the effective interest rate. FASB Concepts Statement No. 6 further
states that debt issuance costs cannot be an asset because they provide no future economic benefit. To simplify presentation of
debt issuance costs, the amendments in this Update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be
presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.
The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this Update. For public
business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will evaluate the effects of adopting ASU 2015-03
if and when it is deemed to be applicable.  

In
November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  
( ASU 2015-17 ).  ASU 2015-17 requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as noncurrent
in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 becomes effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company adopted ASU 2015-17 effective for Fiscal 2016 and applied the amendment
retrospectively. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities   ( ASU 2016-01 ). The amendments require all equity
investments to be measured at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized through net income (other than those accounted
for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee). The amendments also require
an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability
resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value
in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirement to disclose
the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities and the
requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed
for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet for public business entities. This guidance is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will evaluate
the effects of adopting ASU 2016-01 if and when it is deemed to be applicable.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)   ( ASU 2016-02 ) which supersedes
existing guidance on accounting for leases in   Leases (Topic 840) .   The standard requires lessees to
recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases on the balance sheet.  A lessee should recognize in the balance
sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying
asset for the lease term.  The new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 (Fiscal
2020 for the Company) and interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied at the beginning of the
earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an
interim or annual reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of adopting ASU 2016-02 on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   ( ASU
2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 affects entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. ASU 2016-09 is designed
to simplify several aspects of accounting for share-based payment award transactions which include   the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeiture rate calculations.
This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09 on its consolidated financial statements.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

In
April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance
Obligations and Licensing   ( ASU 2016-10 ) related to identifying performance obligations and licensing.
ASU 2016-10 is meant to clarify the guidance in FASB ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
Specifically, ASU 2016-10 addresses an entity s identification of its performance obligations in a contract, as well as
an entity s evaluation of the nature of its promise to grant a license of intellectual property and whether or not that
revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time. The pronouncement has the same effective date as the new revenue standard,
which is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-10 on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow Scope Improvements
and Practical Expedients   ( ASU 2016-12 ). The amendments in ASU 2016-12 affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09
by clarifying certain specific aspects of the guidance, including assessment of collectability, treatment of sales taxes and contract
modifications, and providing certain technical corrections. ASU 2016-12 will have the same effective date and transition requirements
as the ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-12 on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments   ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and
cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply,
in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently
in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial statements.  

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standard if currently adopted would have a
material effect on the accompanying financial statements  

Subsequent
Events   

  Management
has evaluated subsequent events through the date of this filing.  

Note
2 Fair Value Measurements     

At
July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  

At
July 31, 2016 and 2015, the carrying amounts of the financial instruments included in cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts
receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, trade accounts payable and accrued expenses approximated fair value due
to their short-term nature.  

Note
3 Income Taxes   

As
a result of its corporate structure, Straight Path and its subsidiaries file the following income tax returns.  

Straight
Path Spectrum files its own tax returns. There is no provision for Straight Path Spectrum for the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014 as it incurred a taxable loss in those years. In addition, there is a 100% valuation allowance against the net operating
losses generated by Straight Path Spectrum at both July 31, 2016 and 2015.  

The
operations of Straight Path IP Group are included in the consolidated tax return of Straight Path. There is no provision of current
taxes for Straight Path for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. In Fiscal 2015, capital contributions were made to a wholly
owned limited liability company which allowed Straight Path to utilize certain suspended losses. The Company estimated that such
suspended losses made available by the capital contributions would fully offset taxable income generated by Straight Path IP Group
for the fiscal year. The remaining suspended losses can only be utilized by Straight Path if additional capital contributions
are made. In addition, there is a 100% valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets related to Straight Path at July
31, 2016 (see discussion below). The benefit in Fiscal 2016 represents a federal refund from a prior year net of current state
income and franchise taxes.  

Straight
Path Ventures files its own tax returns. There is no provision for Straight Path Ventures for the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014 as it incurred a taxable loss in those periods. In addition, since it is a partnership return, its results are passed
to its partners, both of which are included in the consolidated tax return of Straight Path.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

The
provision for income taxes for Fiscal 2015 consisted solely of certain state income taxes.  

The
benefit from (provision for) income taxes consists of the following:  

Significant
components of the Company s deferred income tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:  

Because of its losses in the current and previous years, the Company
concluded that it does not meet the criteria of more likely than not in order to utilize its deferred income tax assets in the
foreseeable future for the Straight Path Spectrum line of business.  Accordingly, the Company recorded a 100% valuation
allowance against its deferred income tax assets. 

Straight
Path Ventures is treated as a partnership for Federal income tax purposes. Straight Path Ventures has generated material losses
that are  suspended  in accordance with section 704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code, and accordingly, are not available
to the Company unless the Company causes all or part of the suspension to be reversed. As a consequence of the  suspension, 
no deferred tax asset is reflected herein with respect of such net operating losses. If any part of such net operating losses
does become available, it is recorded as a tax benefit in the period used.  In Fiscal 2014, approximately $3.0 million
of suspended losses became available to offset taxable income. In Fiscal 2015, approximately $3.0 million of suspended losses
became available to offset taxable income but the Company did not recognize a benefit due to taxable losses incurred.    

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.  
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

The
differences between income taxes expected at the federal statutory income tax rate and income taxes provided are as follows:  

At
July 31, 2016, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $143 million. These net operating losses
are split $132 million from Straight Path Spectrum and $11 million from Straight Path IP Group (Straight Path). These carryforward
losses are available to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards will start to expire in Fiscal 2022,
with Fiscal 2016 s loss expiring in Fiscal 2036.  

The
change in the valuation allowance for deferred income taxes was as follows:  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.  
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued    

The
table below summarizes the change in the balance of unrecognized income tax benefits:  

All
of the unrecognized income tax benefits at July 31, 2016 and 2015 would have affected the Company s effective income
tax rate if recognized. The Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or
decrease within the next twelve months.   

In
the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded interest on income taxes of $5,000, $0 and $0, respectively.
As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, there was no accrued interest included in current income taxes payable.  

Prior
to the Spin-Off, the Company was a member of IDT s consolidated group, therefore its income or loss were included in IDT s
tax return and did not remain with the Company following the Spin-Off. IDT currently remains subject to examinations of its consolidated
federal, state, and local tax returns for Fiscal 2013.  The Company s various federal, state, and local tax returns
for Fiscal 2014 through Fiscal 2016 remain subject to examination.  

Note
4  Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets   

Accrued
expenses consist of the following:  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Note
5  Accrued Expenses   

Accrued
expenses consist of the following:  

Note
6 Equity   

Class
A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock:   

The
rights of holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical except for certain voting and
conversion rights and restrictions on transferability. Shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock receive identical
dividends per share when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors. In addition, shares of Class A common
stock and Class B common stock have identical and equal priority rights per share in liquidation. The Class A common stock
and Class B common stock do not have any other contractual participation rights. Shares of Class A common stock are entitled
to three votes per share and shares of Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote per share. Each share of Class A
common stock may be converted into one share of Class B common stock, at any time, at the option of the holder. Shares of Class A
common stock are subject to certain limitations on transferability that do not apply to shares of Class B common stock.  

Class
B common stock activity for Fiscal 2014 was as follows:  

1.  
      The
    Company issued 311,226 shares to officers, directors and consultants as compensation.  See Note 7 for a further
    discussion.   

2.  
      The
    Company issued 9,000 shares for the conversion of deferred stock units.   

3.  
      The
    Company issued 3,065 shares for the exercise of stock options and received proceeds of $17,000.   

4.  
      The
    Company retired 3,550 shares issued to former employees of IDT.    

Class
B common stock activity for Fiscal 2015 was as follows:  

1.  
      The
    Company issued 264,500 shares to directors and officers as compensation.  See Note 7  for a further
    discussion .  

2.  
      The
    Company issued 12,053 shares upon the exercise of stock options and received proceeds of $68,341.   

3.  
      The
    Company issued 20,300 shares for the exercise of deferred stock units.   

4.  
      2,200
    restricted shares issued to former employees of IDT were forfeited in accordance with the terms of the grant.   

Class
B common stock activity for Fiscal 2016 was as follows:  

1.  
      The
    Company   issued a total of 36,000 shares to
    two employees as compensation.     

2.  
      The
    Company issued 60,000 shares to Davidi Jonas ( Jonas ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President,
    as compensation.   

3.  
      The
    Company issued 24,000 shares to non-employee directors as compensation.   

4.  
      The
    Company issued 1,250 shares to a consultant as compensation.   

5.  
      The
    Company   issued 1,631 shares upon the exercise
    of stock options and received proceeds of $9,299 .    

6.  
      131
    restricted shares issued to former employees of IDT were forfeited in accordance with the terms of the grant.   

See
Note 7 for a further discussion of items 1 through 4.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Class
B common stock activity from August 1, 2016 to the date of the filing of this report was as follows:  

1.  
      The Company issued 1,250 shares to a consultant as compensation  .     

2.    
      The Company issued 108,000 shares to officers and 56,000 shares to employees as compensation. The shares will vest over a two-to-four year period.   

In addition, effective October 17, 2016,  the
Company will issue to  Jonas a grant of 120,000 shares to vest as to 60,000 shares on October 17, 2016 and 20,000 on each
of October 18, 2017, October 17, 2018 and October 16, 2019.    

Preferred
Stock:   

  The
Company s Board of Directors has the authority to fix the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including
voting rights, of shares of the Company s Preferred Stock without any further vote or action by the stockholders.  

Dividends:   

  In
April 2015, Straight Path IP Group declared a dividend totaling $5,647,342. Straight Path IP Group paid $875,338 to its minority
stockholders and such dividends were charged to noncontrolling interests. The dividend to Straight Path of $4,772,004 was not
paid as of the filing of this report but eliminates in consolidation  

The
Company does not anticipate paying any additional dividends on its common stock until it achieves sustainable profitability (after
satisfying all of its operational needs, including payments to the Former SPSI CEO) and retains certain minimum cash reserves. Following
that time, we will retain sufficient cash to provide for investment in growth opportunities and provide for the creation of long-term
stockholder value, particularly through development of the Straight Path Spectrum and Straight Path Ventures businesses and possibly
the acquisition of complementary businesses or assets.  However, we do not intend to retain earnings beyond those needs
and beyond what we believe we can effectively deploy, and we expect that such additional resources would be returned to stockholders
via distributions or other means.  The payment of dividends in any specific period will be at the sole discretion of the
Company s Board of Directors.  

Treasury
Stock:   

  Treasury
stock consists of shares of Class B common stock were tendered by employees of ours to satisfy the employees  tax withholding
obligations in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on awards of restricted stock. The fair market value of the shares
tendered was based on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting date and the proceeds utilized to pay the withholding taxes
due upon such vesting event. In September 2014, 35,846 shares of Class B common stock with a value of $348,051 were repurchased.
In April 2015, 9,982 shares of Class B common stock with a value of $197,344 were repurchased.  

On
January 16, 2015, the Company sold 4,105 shares of treasury stock to one of its officers at market price and received proceeds
of $65,003.  

On
July 11, 2016, the Company issued 2,030 shares of treasury stock to certain employees as part of its match under the Company's
401(k) plan. The value of the shares totaled $52,476.  

At
July 31, 2016, there were 39,693 shares of treasury stock at a value of $427,916. At July 31, 2015, there were 41,723 shares of
treasury stock at a value of $480,392.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Note
7  Stock-Based Compensation   

Stock
Options   

  Effective
as of July 31, 2013, the Company adopted the 2013 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (as amended and restated to date) (the  2013
Plan ). There are 678,532 shares of the Company s Class B common stock reserved for the grant of awards under the
2013 Plan. In October 2013, the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the 2013 Plan increasing the number of shares of the
Company s Class B common stock available for grant of awards by an additional 350,000 shares. The increase was approved
by the stockholders on January 12, 2015 at the Company s annual stockholder meeting. On October 8, 2015, the Company approved
an amendment and restatement of the 2013 Plan increasing the number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available
for the grant of awards thereunder by 475,000 shares. The increase was approved by the stockholders on January 12, 2016 at the
Company s annual stockholder meeting.  

In
connection with the Spin-Off, each holder of an option to purchase IDT Class B common stock received a ratable share in a pool
of options to purchase 32,155 shares of the Company s Class B common stock (which was based on 10% of the outstanding options
to purchase 641,567 shares of IDT Class B common stock issued by IDT and the 1 for 2 distribution ratio of the Spin-Off). The
exercise price of the Company s options is $5.67 per share which is equal to the closing price of the Company s Class
B common stock on the first trading day following the consummation of the Spin-Off. The expiration date of the Company s
options is equal to the later of (i) the expiration of the IDT option held by such option holder and (ii) a date on or about the
first anniversary of the Spin-Off when the Company s insiders will be free to trade in shares of the Company under the Company s
insider trading policy. The options to purchase shares of the Company were issued under the Company s Plan. The adjustment
to the exercise price of the options to purchase IDT shares and the issuance of the 32,155 options to purchase the Company s
shares were accounted for as a modification. No incremental charge was required as a result of the modification.  

In
June 2016, the Company granted stock options to three of its officers to purchase 87,707 shares of Class B common stock. These
options vest ratably over a one-year service period, expire three years from the date of grant, and have a weighted average exercise
price of $50.00 per share.  

The
following table summarizes all stock option activity during Fiscal 2014 through Fiscal 2016.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

The
following table summarizes information about options outstanding and exercisable at July 31, 2016:  

The total fair value of stock options that vested during Fiscal 2016,
Fiscal 2015, and Fiscal 2014 was $32,233, $0 and $0, respectively. As of July 31, 2016, there was approximately $355,000 of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options that the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average
period of 0.92 years. 

The
weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted during Fiscal 2016 was $4.41 per share and $0 for Fiscal 2014.
There were no grants during Fiscal 2015. The Company estimated the fair value of options granted in Fiscal 2016 using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following assumptions:  

The
expected life is the number of years that the Company estimates, based upon history, that options will be outstanding prior to
exercise or forfeiture. Expected life is determined using the  simplified method  permitted by Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
107. The Company did not use the volatility rate of its common stock price. Instead, the volatility rate was based on a blended
rate of the stock prices of companies deemed comparable to the Company.  

The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015, and Fiscal 2014 was $45,727, $203,640 and $13,195,
respectively.  The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s
closing stock price of $18.24 as of July 31, 2016, $23.57 as of July 31, 2015, and $9.87 as of July 31, 2014, which would have
been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options as of that date.    

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Common
Stock   

  In
May 2011, Straight Path IP Group entered into an employment agreement with its then Chief Executive Officer (the  Former
SPIP CEO ), pursuant to which Straight Path IP Group committed to grant options to the Former SPIP CEO to purchase shares
of Straight Path IP Group s common stock representing 5.0% of Straight Path IP Group s outstanding equity, at an exercise
price of approximately $0.4 million. The options vested monthly from May 2011 through April 2015. The estimated value of this
grant was $0.2 million which Straight Path IP Group was recognizing using the straight-line method over the vesting period. The
fair value of the options was estimated using a Black-Scholes valuation model and the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility
of 49% based on the historical volatility of a comparable company and other factors, (2) a discount rate of 2.2%, and (3) an expected
term of six years. The fair value of the underlying Straight Path IP Group shares was determined using the income approach. The
Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to this grant of $13,000 and $52,000 in Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012,
respectively. The Company ceased recording stock-based compensation upon the termination of the Former SPIP CEO, and such options
are now subject to dispute by us, as discussed in Note 7.  

On
April 15, 2013, a consultant was granted a stock option to purchase up to 0.5% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Straight
Path IP Group. The option vested 33.2% immediately, 33.4% on May 31, 2013, and 33.4% on May 31, 2014. The estimated value of this
grant was $13,318 which Straight Path IP Group recognized using the straight-line method over the vesting period. The fair value
of the options was estimated using a Black-Scholes valuation model and the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 51%
based on the historical volatility of comparable companies and other factors, (2) a discount rate of 0.8%, and (3) an expected
term of four years. The estimated fair value of the underlying Straight Path IP Group shares was determined using the income approach
based on expected future royalties.  

On
August 2, 2013, the Company granted its non-employee directors a total of 3,750 shares of the Company s Class B common stock
with an aggregate fair value of $21,263. These shares vested immediately upon grant. In addition, on August 2, 2013, the Company
granted Jonas 229,608 restricted shares of Class B Common Stock, and Jonathan Rand ( Rand ), the Company s Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer, 38,268 restricted shares of Class B Common Stock. Jonas  grants of restricted shares vest
as to one-third of the granted shares on each of August 2, 2014, 2015, and 2016, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation
Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. Rand s grants of restricted shares originally vested as to one-third
of the granted shares on each of August 2, 2014, 2015, and 2016, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee of
the Company s Board of Directors. On June 2, 2016, the vesting for the third tranche was changed from August 3, 2016 to
October 16, 2016. The aggregate fair value of the grant was approximately $1,519,000 which is being charged to expense on a straight-line
basis over the vesting period.  

On
August 6, 2013, the Company granted various consultants an aggregate of 10,100 restricted shares of its Class B common stock.
These restricted shares vest as to one-third of the granted shares in each of August 2014, 2015 and 2016, unless otherwise determined
by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. The aggregate grant date fair value of the grant was
$50,000, which is being charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  

In
January 2014, the Company granted its non-employee directors an aggregate of 24,000 shares of the Company s Class B common
stock with an aggregate fair value on the date of grant of $197,000.  These shares vested immediately upon grant.  

On
July 30, 2014, the Company granted Jonas 71,000 restricted shares of Class B common stock and Rand 52,000 restricted shares of
Class B common stock. One-third of both grants of restricted shares vested on March 30, 2015 and the remaining vest as to approximately
one-third of the granted shares on each of February 1, 2016 and 2017. The aggregate fair value of the grant was approximately
$1,214,000 which is being charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  

On
July 31, 2014, the Company granted a consultant 5,500 restricted shares of its Class B common stock.  These restricted
shares vested as to one-half of the granted shares on each of January 31, 2015 and July 31, 2015, unless otherwise determined
by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. The aggregate grant date fair value of the grant was
approximately $91,000, which was charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  

On
September 1, 2014, the Company granted Zhouyue (Jerry) Pi ( Pi ), its Chief Technology Officer, 60,000 restricted
shares of Class B common stock. These restricted shares originally vested as to one-third of the granted shares on each of October
16, 2015, September 1, 2016, and September 1, 2017. On June 2, 2016, the vesting for the second tranche was changed from September
1, 2016 to October 16, 2016 and the vesting for the third tranche was changed from September 1, 2017 to October 16, 2017. The
aggregate fair value of the grant was $573,000 which is being charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

On
January 5, 2015, the Company granted three of its directors an aggregate of 24,000 restricted shares of Class B common stock.
These grants are the annual grants to non-employee directors provided for in the Plan. The shares vested immediately. The aggregate
fair value of the grant was approximately $438,000.  

On
July 23, 2015, the Company granted Pi 30,000 restricted shares of Class B common stock. These restricted shares vest as to one-third
of the granted shares on each of October 16, 2016, 2017, and 2018. The aggregate fair value of the grant was $914,400 which is
being charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  

On
July 23, 2015, the Company granted two employees a total of 22,500 restricted shares of Class B common stock. These restricted
shares vest as to one-third of the granted shares on each of October 16, 2015, 2016, and 2017. The aggregate fair value of the
grant was $685,800 which is being charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  

On
July 23, 2015, the Company granted one employee a total of 5,000 restricted shares of Class B common stock. These restricted shares
vest as to one-half of the granted shares on each of October 16, 2016 and 2017. The aggregate fair value of the grant was $152,400
which is being charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  

On
July 23, 2015, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved the issuance to Jonas of 60,000 shares of Class B common stock
for services performed for the entire Fiscal 2015, subject to ratification by Rand. The shares were to vest immediately upon ratification.
The aggregate fair value of the issuance was $1,494,900 and was charged as stock compensation in Fiscal 2015. The shares
were issued on August 7, 2015. As of July 31, 2015, such shares were classified as common stock to be issued.  

In
October 2015, the Company granted an employee 28,000 restricted shares of Class B common stock. 4,000 of the shares vested on
April 4, 2016. The balance of the shares will vest as to one-third of the granted shares on each of October 16, 2016, 2017, and
2018. The aggregate fair value of the grant was $1,052,000 which is being charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the
vesting period.  

On
January 5, 2016, the Company granted three of its directors an aggregate of 24,000 restricted shares of Class B common stock.
These grants are the annual grants to non-employee directors provided for in the Plan. The shares vested immediately upon grant.
The aggregate fair value of the grant was approximately $418,000.  

On March 15, 2016, the Company granted David Breau, its General
Counsel, 8,000 restricted shares of Class B common stock. 4,000 of the shares will vest on October 16, 2016 and 4,000 shares will
vest on March 16, 2017. The aggregate fair value of the grant was $285,000 which is being charged to expense on a straight-line
basis over the vesting period. 

Stock-based
compensation is included in selling, general and administrative expense and amounted to approximately $2.77 million, $3.35 million,
and $758,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   

As
of July 31, 2016, there were 257,584 restricted shares of Class B common stock that had not vested. As of July 31, 2016, there
was approximately $2.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted shares. The Company expects
to recognize the unrecognized compensation cost as follows: Fiscal 2017 - $1.47 million, Fiscal 2018 - $707,000, and Fiscal 2019
- $127,000.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Note
8 Commitments and Contingencies   

Legal
Proceedings   

Regulatory
Enforcement   

  Allegations
were made in an anonymous report released in November 2015 regarding the circumstances under which certain of our spectrum licenses
were renewed by the Federal Communications Commission (the  FCC  or the  Commission ) in 2011 and 2012.
The Company retained Morgan Lewis, a leading multi-national law firm, to conduct an independent investigation into these allegations.
Morgan Lewis, with assistance from Kroll, completed its investigation and reported the results to the Company. We met with the
FCC and shared the investigators  conclusions, and the Company subsequently provided certain additional information requested
by the FCC. On September 20, 2016, the Company received a letter of inquiry from the FCC requesting additional documents and information
regarding the Registrant s 39 GHz (38.6   40.0 GHz) and 28 GHz (27.5   28.35 GHz) spectrum licenses. Straight
Path intends to continue to cooperate with the FCC in this matter, and hopes to bring it to a satisfactory resolution in a timely
manner. We cannot, at this time, give any assurances as to how the FCC may proceed in this matter. If the FCC were to conclude
that we have not complied with its rules, it may impose fines and/or additional reporting or operational requirements, condition
or revoke our licenses, and/or take other action. If the FCC were to revoke a significant portion of our licenses or impose material
conditions on the use of our licenses, it could have a material adverse effect on the value of our spectrum licenses and our ability
to generate revenues from utilization of our spectrum assets.  

Putative
Class Action and Shareholder Derivative Action   

  On
November 13, 2015, a putative shareholder class action was filed in the federal district court for the District of New Jersey
against Straight Path Communications Inc., and Jonas and Rand (the  individual defendants ). The case is captioned
 Zacharia v. Straight Path Communications, Inc. et al. , No. 2:15-cv-08051-JMV-MF, and is purportedly brought on behalf of
all those who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company s common stock between October 29, 2013, and November 5, 2015.
The complaint alleges violations of (i) Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )
and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act against the Company for materially false and misleading statements that were designed to influence
the market relating to the Company s finances and business prospects; and (ii) Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against
the individual defendants for wrongful acts by controlling persons. The allegations center on the claim that the Company made
materially false and misleading statements in its public filings and conference calls during the relevant class period concerning
the Company s spectrum licenses and the prospects for its spectrum business. The complaint seeks certification of a class,
unspecified damages, fees, and costs. The case was reassigned to Judge John Michael Vasquez on March 3, 2016. On April 11, 2016,
the court entered an order appointing Charles Frischer as lead plaintiff and approving lead plaintiff s selection of Glancy
Prongay   Murray LLP as lead counsel and Schnader Harrison Segal   Lewis LLP as liaison counsel. On June 17, 2016, lead
plaintiff filed his amended class action complaint, which alleges the same claims described above. The defendants filed a joint
motion to dismiss the complaint on August 17, 2016; the plaintiff opposed that motion on September 30, 2016, and the defendants
will file their reply brief in further support of their motion to dismiss on October 31, 2016.  

On
January 29, 2016, a shareholder derivative action captioned  Hofer v. Jonas et al. , No. 2:16-cv-00541-JMV-MF, was filed
in the federal district court for the District of New Jersey against Howard Jonas, Davidi Jonas, Jonathan Rand, and the Company s
current independent directors William F. Weld, K. Chris Todd, and Fred S. Zeidman. Although the Company is named as a nominal
defendant, the Company s bylaws generally require the Company to indemnify its current and former directors and officers
who are named as defendants in these types of lawsuits. The allegations are substantially similar to those set forth in the  Zacharia
 complaint discussed above. The complaint alleges that the defendants engaged in (i) breach of fiduciary duties owed to the
Company by making misrepresentations and omissions about the Company and failing to correct the Company s public statements;
(ii) abuse of control of the Company; (iii) gross mismanagement of the Company; and (iv) unjust enrichment. The complaint seeks
unspecified damages, fees, and costs, as well as injunctive relief. On April 26, 2016, the case was reassigned to Judge John Michael
Vasquez. On June 9, 2016, the court entered a stipulation previously agreed to by the parties that, among other things, stays
the case on terms specified therein.  

The
Company is aware of press reports regarding the filing of additional complaints for putative class actions revolving around the
same alleged facts and circumstances as the  Zacharia  and  Hofer  complaints, but the Company is not aware of any other
complaint that was filed or served.  

The
Company intends to vigorously defend against all of these claims.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Sipnet
Appeal and Related IPRs    

 On April 11, 2013, Sipnet EU S.R.O. ( Sipnet ), a Czech
company, filed a petition for an  inter partes  review ( IPR ) at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board of the United
States Patent and Trademark Office (the  PTAB ) for certain claims of U.S. Patent 6,108,704 (the   704
Patent ). On October 9, 2014, the PTAB held that claims 1-7 and 32-42 of the  704 Patent are unpatentable. Straight
Path IP Group appealed. On November 25, 2015, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the  CAFC ) reversed
the PTAB s cancellation of all challenged claims, and remanded the matter back to the PTAB for proceedings consistent with
the CAFC s opinion. On May 23, 2016, the PTAB issued a final written decision finding that Sipnet failed to show that any
of the challenged claims were unpatentable. 

As
discussed in more detail below, following the CAFC s decision in Sipnet, the PTAB denied all then-pending petitions for
IPR of Straight Path IP Group s patents, and the petitioners have appealed those denials to the CAFC.  

On
August 22, 2014, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. ( Samsung ) filed three petitions with the PTAB for IPR of certain
claims of the  704 Patent and U.S. Patent Nos. 6,009,469 (the   469 Patent ) and 6,131,121 (the   121
Patent ). On March 6, 2015, the PTAB instituted the requested IPR. On June 15, 2015, Cisco Systems, Inc. ( Cisco )
and Avaya, Inc. ( Avaya ) joined this instituted IPR. On March 4, 2016, the PTAB issued a final written decision holding
that Samsung failed to show that any claims of the  704 and  121 Patents were unpatentable. The PTAB also held that
Samsung failed to show that the majority of the claims of the  469 Patent were unpatentable. On May 5, 2016, Samsung filed
a notice of appeal to the CAFC. On May 6, 2016, Cisco and Avaya also filed a notices of appeal.  

On October 31, 2014, LG Electronics Inc. et al. ( LG ),
Toshiba Corporation et al. ( Toshiba ), Vizio, Inc. ( Vizio ), and Hulu LLC ( Hulu ) filed
three petitions with the PTAB for IPR of certain claims of the  704,  469, and  121 Patents. On May 15, 2015,
the PTAB instituted the requested IPRs. On November 10, 2015, the PTAB granted petitions filed by Cisco and Avaya to join these
IPRs. On November 24, 2015, the PTAB granted related petitions filed by Verizon Services Corp. and Verizon Business Network Services
Inc. (the  Verizon affiliates ) to join for the  704 and  469 Patents. On May 9, 2016, the PTAB issued
a final written decision holding that the petitioners failed to show that any claims of the  704 Patent were unpatentable.
The PTAB also held that the petitioners failed to show that the majority of the claims of the  469 and  121 Patents
were unpatentable. On May 20, 2016, the petitioners filed a notice of appeal to the CAFC. On August 26, 2016, the CAFC entered
an order setting October 14, 2016 as the deadline for appellants  opening briefs. 

On
September 28, 2015, Cisco, Avaya, and the Verizon affiliates filed a petition for an IPR with the PTAB for all claims of U.S.
Patent No. 6,701,365 (the   365 Patent ). On April 6, 2016, the PTAB denied the petition, finding that the petitioners
had not demonstrated a reasonable likelihood that any challenged claim was unpatentable. This decision was not appealed to the
CAFC.  

Patent
Enforcement    

  Following
the CAFC s decision in Sipnet and the PTAB s decisions in the related IPRs, Straight Path IP Group has taken steps
to re-commence its patent enforcement actions in federal district court that had been stayed or dismissed without prejudice during
the pendency of the Sipnet Appeal and related IPRs.  

On
August 1, 2013, Straight Path IP Group filed complaints in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia
against LG, Toshiba, and Vizio alleging infringement of the  704,  469, and  121 Patents and seeking damages
related to such infringement. The actions were consolidated (the  consolidated action ) and assigned to Judge Anthony
J. Trenga. In October 2014, Hulu intervened in the consolidated action as to Hulu s streaming functionality in the accused
products. In that same month, Amazon.com, Inc. ( Amazon ) moved to intervene, sever, and stay claims related to Amazon s
streaming functionality in the accused products. On October 13, 2014, Amazon filed an action in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California seeking declaratory relief of non-infringement of the  704,  469, and  121
Patents based in part on the allegations related to the consolidated action in Virginia (the  Amazon action ). On
December 5, 2014, Straight Path IP Group filed a motion to dismiss Amazon s complaint, or in the alternative, to transfer
venue to the Eastern District of Virginia. On May 28, 2015, the California court transferred the Amazon action to Virginia, and
the Virginia court later formally severed the Amazon action from the consolidated action. In November 2014, the parties jointly
moved to stay the consolidated action and the Amazon action pending the completion of the Sipnet Appeal and related IPRs. On November
4, 2014, the court granted the stay. On May 23, 2016, Straight Path IP Group filed status reports with the court in both the consolidated
action and the Amazon action requesting that the stay be lifted, and the defendants filed a statement and request for leave to
file a motion to continue the stay. The court held oral argument, and on August 8, 2016, the court continued the stay pending
the outcome of the defendants  appeals of the PTAB s denial of their IPRs.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

On
August 23, 2013, Straight Path IP Group filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas
against Samsung alleging infringement of the  704,  469, and  121 Patents and seeking damages related to such
infringement. In September 2014, Straight Path IP Group and Samsung jointly filed a motion to stay the action. On October 29,
2014, the court granted the motion and stayed the action pending the outcome of the Sipnet Appeal and the Samsung IPR petitions.
On May 31, 2016, Straight Path IP Group filed a notice informing the court of the results of the Samsung IPR and the Sipnet Appeal
and requesting that the stay be lifted. On June 2, 2016, the defendants filed a notice asserting that the stay should remain pending
their appeal of the PTAB s decision in the Samsung IPR.  The court has not ruled on Straight Path IP Group s
request.  

On September 24, 2014, Straight Path IP Group filed complaints against
each of Apple, Inc. ( Apple ), Avaya, and Cisco in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
Straight Path IP Group claims that (a) Apple s telecommunications products, including FaceTime software, infringe four of
Straight Path IP Group s patents (the  704,  469, and  121 Patents and U.S. Patent No. 7,149,208); (b)
Avaya s IP telephony, video conference, and telepresence products such as its Aura Platform infringe four of the Straight
Path IP Group s patents (the  704,  469,  121, and  365 Patents); and (c) Cisco s IP telephony,
video conference, and telepresence products such as the Unified Communications Solutions infringe four of Straight Path IP Group s
patents (the  704,  469,  121, and  365 Patents). On December 24, 2014, Straight Path IP Group dismissed
the complaints against Avaya and Cisco without prejudice. On January 5, 2015, Straight Path IP Group dismissed the complaint against
Apple without prejudice. On June 21, 2016, Straight Path IP Group filed new complaints against Avaya and Cisco alleging that certain
of their products infringe four of Straight Path IP Group s patents. On August 5, 2016, Avaya filed its answer, affirmative
defenses, and counterclaims for declaratory judgments of noninfringement and invalidity of Straight Path IP Group s patents,
and the parties have commenced discovery. Also on August 5, 2016, Cisco filed its answer and affirmative defenses, and the parties
have commenced discovery. On June 24, 2016, Straight Path IP Group filed a new complaint against Apple alleging that its FaceTime
product infringes five of Straight Path IP Group s patents. On August 5, 2016, Apple filed a partial motion to dismiss as
well as its answer, affirmative defenses, and counterclaims for declaratory judgments of noninfringement and invalidity of Straight
Path IP Group s patents, and the parties have commenced discovery. Oral argument was held on Apple s partial motion
to dismiss on September 22, 2016, and a decision is pending. 

On
September 26, 2014, Straight Path IP Group filed a complaint against the Verizon affiliates and Verizon Communications in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Straight Path IP Group claims the defendants  telephony
products such as its Advanced Communications Products, including Unified Communications and Collaboration and VOIP infringe on
the  704,  469, and  365 Patents. On November 24, 2014, Straight Path IP Group dismissed the complaint without
prejudice subject to a confidential standstill agreement with the defendants. On June 7, 2016, Straight Path IP Group filed a
new complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the original Verizon parties as
well as Verizon affiliate Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless, alleging that defendants  IP telephony products such
as FIOS Digital Voice, Unified Communications and Collaboration, Verizon Enterprise Solutions VoIP, Virtual Communications Express,
Voice over LTE, and related hardware and software infringe the  704,  469 and  365 Patents. On August 5, 2016,
Verizon filed its answer and affirmative defenses, and the parties have commenced discovery. On September 13, 2016, Verizon filed
a motion to stay the litigation pending a decision from the CAFC in the appeal of the Samsung IPR. The court has scheduled an
initial pretrial conference for October 28, 2016.  

Straight
Path IP Group generally pays law firms that represent it in litigation against alleged infringers of its intellectual property
rights a percentage of the amounts recovered ranging from 0% to 40% depending on several factors.  

Other
Legal    

  In
addition to the foregoing, the Company may from time to time be subject to other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary
course of business.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Agreement
with Cambridge Broadband Networks Ltd. ( CBNL )    

  On
September 11, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with CBNL to expedite production of a 39 GHz point-to-multipoint ( PMP )
radio for a fee of $1,000,000. Terms of the agreement include the following:  

1.  
      In
    the event that CBNL does not release a PMP radio by March 2017 (the 20-month anniversary of the effective date of the agreement),
    a pro rata portion of the fee will be refunded to the Company.   

2.  
      The
    agreement provides for penalty fees if CBNL does not meet specific delivery dates.   

3.  
      The
    agreement enables the Company to purchase quantities of the developed equipment on favorable terms. The Company signed a purchase
    order for the acquisition of 500 PMP radios for $2,100,000 and has paid a deposit of $630,000 (see Note 4).  The
    balance of $1,470,000 will be payable upon proof of shipment to the Company.   

The
fee was initially classified as a prepaid expense in the consolidated balance sheet. Research and development expenses were recognized
as the various milestones were met. All of the milestones were reached. Research and development expenses recognized under this
agreement for Fiscal 2016 amounted to $1,000,000.  

Lease
Commitments    

  The
Company operated under a lease agreement for its corporate headquarters in Glen Allen, Virginia for a term of one year beginning
on June 1, 2014 and ending on May 31, 2015 at a monthly rent of $575.  In May 2015, the Company extended the lease for
its headquarters in Glen Allen, Virginia from May 31, 2015 to May 31, 2017. The annual rent will be approximately $7,200 per year.  

In
October 2014, the Company entered into a lease agreement for a satellite office in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey for three years
commencing on November 1, 2014 and ending on October 31, 2017 at an annual rent of $37,200.  In March 2015,
the term of the lease was extended to April 30, 2018.  

Effective
December 1, 2015, the Company began leasing a laboratory in Plano, Texas. The lease term expires on December 31, 2018 and the
average annual rental under the lease is approximately $18,000.  

Effective August 1, 2013, the Company began leasing space on a roof for some of its telecom equipment as part
of its spectrum operations. The monthly rental is currently $600. In addition, the Company currently leases space on two additional
roofs for some of its telecom equipment as part of its Spectrum operations. The total monthly rental for these two roofs is $500.
All three leases continue on a month-to-month basis until terminated by either party with 30 days  notice. 

Rental
expense under the operating leases was $51,543, $40,685, and $25,785 in Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015, and Fiscal 2014, respectively.  

Future
minimum rental commitments of non-cancelable operating leases are as follows as of July 31, 2016:   

Federal
Communications Commission ( FCC ) License Renewal     

Our spectrum licenses in the LMDS and 39 GHz bands have historically
been granted for ten-year terms. On April 20, 2016, the FCC granted our application to renew our LMDS BTA license for the LMDS
A1 band (27.5   28.35 GHz) that covers parts of the New York City BTA for a ten-year period, until February 1, 2026. We have 15
other LMDS A1 licenses; nine of these licenses currently have a renewal date of August 10, 2018, and six of these licenses have
a renewal date of September 21, 2018. However, following the adoption of the UMFU Report and Order, the next build-out date for
these 16 LMDS A1 licenses is June 1, 2024, not at the renewal deadline. 

It is not clear whether the FCC will separate the renewal and
build-out deadlines for licenses that contain both A1 spectrum (for which mobile capabilities were adopted in the UMFU Report and
Order) and A2 and A3 spectrum (for which mobile capabilities were not added). Of the 15 BTAs in which we hold LMDS A2 band (29.1
  29.25 GHz) and A3 band (31.075   31.225 GHz) spectrum, nine licenses currently have a renewal and possible build-out date of
August 10, 2018 and six of these licenses currently have a renewal and possible build-out date of September 21, 2018. The UMFU
Report and Order does not affect the LMDS B band spectrum. Of our 117 LMDS B band (31.0   31.075 GHz and 31.225   31.300 GHz) spectrum,
five licenses currently have a renewal and build-out date of August 10, 2018 and 112 licenses currently have a renewal and build-out
date of September 21, 2018. 

The UMFU Report and Order build-out date of June 1, 2024 also
applies to our 828 39 GHz licenses, which currently have a renewal date of October 18, 2020. 

For
further discussion, please see   Regulatory Enforcement   above in this Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.   

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Other
Commitments and Contingencies     

  The
Former SPSI CEO is entitled to receive payments from future revenues generated from the leasing, licensing or sale of rights
in certain of Straight Path Spectrum s wireless spectrum licenses. Those payments are to be made out of 50% of the covered
revenue and are in a maximum aggregate amount of $3.25 million. The payments arise under the June 2013 settlement of certain claims
and disputes with the Former SPSI CEO and parties related to the Former SPSI CEO. Approximately $48,000 was incurred
to the Former SPSI CEO for this obligation for Fiscal 2016, approximately $8,000 for Fiscal 2015 and approximately
$35,000 for Fiscal 2014.  

Note
9 Related Party Transactions   

In
connection with the Spin-Off, the Company and IDT entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement and a Tax Separation Agreement
to complete the separation of the Company s businesses from IDT, to distribute the Company s common stock to IDT s
stockholders, and set forth certain understandings related to the Spin-Off. These agreements govern the relationship between the
Company and IDT after the distribution and also provide for the allocation of employee benefits, taxes, and other liabilities
and obligations attributable to periods prior to the distribution. These agreements reflect terms between affiliated parties established
without arms-length negotiation. The Company believes that the terms of these agreements equitably reflect the benefits and costs
of the Company s ongoing relationships with IDT.  

Pursuant
to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify IDT and IDT has agreed to indemnify the Company
for losses related to the failure of the other to pay, perform, or otherwise discharge any of the liabilities and obligations
set forth in the agreement. The Separation and Distribution Agreement includes, among other things, that IDT is obligated to reimburse
the Company for the payment of any liabilities of the Company arising or related to the period prior to the Spin-Off. In Fiscal
2014, IDT paid approximately $386,000 pursuant to this obligation, which was recorded as  Income from IDT Corporation payments
of liabilities  in the consolidated statement of operations. No payments were received in Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2016.  

At
the Spin-Off, the Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement ( TSA ) with IDT, pursuant to which IDT has
provided certain services, including, but not limited to information and technology, human resources, payroll, tax, accounts payable,
purchasing, treasury, financial systems, investor relations, legal, corporate accounting, internal audit, and facilities for an
agreed period following the Spin-Off. As of January 1, 2015, all of these services are provided by other vendors. The Company
and IDT extended the TSA enabling the Company to seek input from IDT on an ad hoc basis if the Company deemed it necessary. No
services were provided under the TSA since January 1, 2015.  

IDT
charged the Company for certain transactions and allocates routine expenses based on specific items prior to January 1, 2015.
Specifically, IDT allocated payroll, benefits, insurance, facilities, and other expenses to the Company, which were included in
 Selling, general and administrative expense  in the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, IDT charged
the Company for regulatory fees, connectivity charges, and legal expenses, which were included in  Direct cost of revenues 
in the consolidated statements of operations.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

In
July 2015, legal expenses totaling $513,481 that were paid by IDT on behalf of the Company were forgiven. The Company recognized
the transaction as an increase of additional paid-in capital.  

Following
are the amounts that IDT charged the Company pursuant to the TSA or through intercompany charges for periods prior to the Spin-Off:  

Year ended July 31,  (in thousands)    
     2016       
     2015     
 
     Balance at beginning of year    
     $          
     $  6     
 
     Payments by IDT on behalf of the Company    
                
        464     
 
     Deferred taxes offset against IDT net operating losses    

Cash repayments, net of advances    
                
        (470  )  
 
     Amount due to IDT contributed to equity    

Balance at end of year    
     $          
     $        
 
     Average balance during the year    
     $          
     $  56     

Note
10 Revenues in Wireless Spectrum     

Revenues   

  In
Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015, and Fiscal 2014, Straight Path Spectrum s revenues from transactions with a single customer that
amounted to 10% or more of total revenues were as follows:  

The
loss of any of these major customers would have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and cash
flows.  

Revenues
from Patent Infringement   

  As
discussed above, the Company has filed a series of lawsuits claiming infringement of a number of its key patents and was seeking
both damages and injunctive relief.  Many of the actions have been settled. In connection with the settlements, Straight
Path IP Group recognized revenue of approximately $1,695,000 in Fiscal 2016, $12,814,000 in Fiscal 2015, and $4,372,000 in Fiscal
2014. The total settlement amounts aggregated $18.3 million, excluding contingent amounts for which collectability was not reasonably
assured. These settlement agreements include license fees for the duration of the license term. The license term was through the
expiration of the licenses in September 2015. For further discussion of the remaining unsettled suits, please see Note 8 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Note
11 Retirement Plan   

The
Company implemented a 401(k) profit sharing plan in August 2015 whereby eligible employees may elect to make contributions pursuant
to a salary deduction agreement upon meeting age and length-of-service requirements. Employer contributions are discretionary.
The retirement plan expense amounted to $52,520 in Fiscal 2016.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Note
12 Business Segment Information   

Prior
to November 1, 2015, the Company had two reportable business segments, Straight Path Spectrum, which holds, leases, and markets
fixed and mobile wireless spectrum, and Straight Path IP Group, which holds intellectual property primarily related to communications
over computer networks, and the licensing and other businesses related to this intellectual property. Effective November 1, 2015,
a third segment, referred to as Straight Path Ventures, was designated. Straight Path Ventures develops next generation wireless
technology for 39 GHz at the Company s Gigabit Mobility Lab in Plano, Texas.  

The
Company s reportable segments are distinguished by types of service, customers, and methods used to provide their services.
The operating results of these business segments are regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker.  

The
accounting policies of the segments are the same as the accounting policies of the Company as a whole. The Company evaluates the
performance of its business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. There are no significant asymmetrical allocations
to segments.  

The
Company allocates all of the corporate general and administrative expenses of Straight Path to Straight Path IP Group, Straight
Path Spectrum, and Straight Path Ventures based upon the relative time of management and other corporate resources expended relative
to each business. For all periods through January 31, 2016, these were allocated 80% to Straight Path IP Group and 20% to Straight
Path Spectrum. No expenses were allocated to Straight Path Ventures because they were deemed to be immaterial. Commencing on February
1, 2016, these expenses are being allocated 20% to Straight Path IP Group and 80% to Straight Path Spectrum, except for the following:
expenses related to the Gigabit Mobility Lab are being allocated 100% to Straight Path Ventures, and employment expenses of our
Chief Technology Officer are being allocated 20% to Straight Path IP Group, 20% to Straight Path Spectrum, and 60% to Straight
Path Ventures. The changes in allocations were brought about by the expiration of the licensed patents held by Straight Path IP
Group and the increase in activities of Straight Path Spectrum and Straight Path Ventures. Straight Path IP Group has been recognizing
revenues over the terms of the settlements and license agreements related to such patents entered into in prior periods. With
the expiration of the key patents and the increase in activities of Straight Path Ventures, the Company determined to modify the
allocation, and in light of the anticipated level of activity in Straight Path IP Group s enforcement activities, Straight
Path Spectrum s activities related to 5G and Straight Path Ventures  development activities, the Company determined
that a general 20% allocation to Straight Path IP Group, subject to the specific allocations listed above, represented the appropriate
split in light of all factors.  

Operating
results for the business segments of the Company were as follows:  

Total
assets for the business segments of the Company were as follows:  

None
of the Company s revenues were generated outside of the United States in Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015, or Fiscal 2014. The Company
did not have any assets outside the United States at July 31, 2016, 2015, or 2014.  

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Continued   

Note
13 Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)   

The
data below for each of the quarterly periods in Fiscal 2016, Fiscal 2015, and Fiscal 2014 is unaudited. All amounts are in thousands
except per share amounts.  

F-31  

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2016ex21i_straightpath.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit
21.1   

SUBSIDIARIES

DipChip
                            Corp.  
          Straight
        Path IP Group, Inc.  
          Straight
        Path Spectrum, Inc.  
          Straight
        Path Advanced Communication Services, LLC  
          Straight
        Path IP Group, LLC  
          Straight
        Path Spectrum, LLC  
          Straight
        Path Ventures, LLC (F/K/A Winstar Holdings LLC)  
          Winstar
        Spectrum, LLC    

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2016ex23i_straightpath.htm
 CONSENT OF ZWICK ? BANYAI, PLLC

Exhibit
23.1   

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

We
consent to the use, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Straight Path Communications Inc. of our report dated October 13, 2016
on our audit of the consolidated balance sheets of Straight Path Communications Inc. as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 31,
2016.  

/s/
    Zwick   Banyai, PLLC  

Zwick
  Banyai, PLLC   

  Southfield,
Michigan  

October
13, 2016  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2016ex31i_straightpath.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer   

   pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I,
Davidi Jonas, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Straight Path Communications Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
October 13, 2016  

/s/
    Davidi Jonas  

Davidi
    Jonas   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2016ex31ii_straightpath.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

Certification of Principal Financial Officer   

   pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I,
Jonathan Rand, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Straight Path Communications Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
October 13, 2016  

/s/
    Jonathan Rand  

Jonathan
    Rand   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2016ex32i_straightpath.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1   

STRAIGHT PATH
COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

   Certification
Pursuant to   

   18 U.S.C.
Section 1350   

   (as Adopted
Pursuant to Section 906 of   

   the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act Of 2002)   

In connection with the Annual Report
of Straight Path Communications Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Davidi Jonas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:  

1.  
      The Report
    fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information
    contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
    Company.   

Date: October 13,
2016  

/s/
    Davidi Jonas  

Davidi
    Jonas   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that
appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Straight Path Communications Inc. and will be retained by Straight Path Communications Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2016ex32ii_straightpath.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2   

STRAIGHT
PATH COMMUNICATIONS INC.   

   Certification
Pursuant to   

   18
U.S.C. Section 1350   

   (as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of   

   the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002)   

In
connection with the Annual Report of Straight Path Communications Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Jonathan Rand, Principal Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to my knowledge:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Date:
October 13, 2016  

/s/
    Jonathan Rand  

Jonathan
                                         Rand   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906,
has been provided to Straight Path Communications Inc. and will be retained by Straight Path Communications Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 strp-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 strp-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 strp-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 strp-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 strp-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 strp-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

