<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_844856_0001571049-16-019868_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5442871</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125689</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>349686</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1067403</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2337551</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1446693</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>73</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019868.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114170307
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019868
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VAPOR CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000844856
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TOBACCO PRODUCTS [2100]
		IRS NUMBER:				841070932
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36469
		FILM NUMBER:		161995816

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3800 NORTH 28TH WAY
		CITY:			HOLLYWOOD
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-766-5351

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3800 NORTH 28TH WAY
		CITY:			HOLLYWOOD
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33020

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLER DIVERSIFIED CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019868.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 t1602711_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form
10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

Or  

For the transition period from to   

Commission file number: 001-36469  

VAPOR CORP.  

  (Exact name of Registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code:  888-766-5351 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

x  Yes
    No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

x  Yes
    No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer   
          Accelerated filer   
          Non-accelerated filer   
      x   Smaller reporting company   

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes  x  No 

As of November 11, 2016, there were 8,072,711,294
shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Table of Contents   

PART I  

  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

VAPOR CORP.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements 

Table of Contents   

VAPOR CORP.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements 

Table of Contents   

VAPOR CORP.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT  

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements 

Table of Contents   

VAPOR CORP.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements 

Table of Contents   

VAPOR CORP.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements 

Table of Contents   

VAPOR CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

Note 1. ORGANIZATION, GOING CONCERN, AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

Organization   

Vapor Corp. (the
 Company  or  Vapor ) is a retailer of vaporizers, e-liquids and electronic cigarettes. The Company
operates thirteen vape retail stores in the Southeast of the United States of America. Vapor offers e-liquids,
vaporizers, e-cigarettes and related products through its vape retail stores and online. The Company sold its wholesale
business on July 31, 2016. The sale of the wholesale business was not contemplated prior to July 1, 2016. The sale of the
wholesale vapor business qualifies as a discontinued operations and accordingly the Company has excluded results for
the wholesale business operations from the Company s continuing operations in the unaudited condensed
consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented. 

On June 1, 2016, the Company acquired
the assets that comprised the business of Ada s Whole Food Market LLC, a natural and organic grocery store,
through its wholly owned subsidiary Healthy Choice Markets, Inc. The grocery store has been a leader in the natural grocery market
in Fort Myers, Florida for the past 40 years, offering fresh, natural and organic products and specializing in facilitating
a healthy, well balanced lifestyle. In addition to a comprehensive selection of vitamins and health   beauty products, the
grocery store provides a fresh caf  and an organic juice bar. 

Going Concern and Liquidity   

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ), which contemplate the continuation of the Company as a going concern and realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business and do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of any uncertainties related to our going concern assessment. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the
financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. 

In July 2015, the Company closed a registered
public offering of 3,761,657 Units (the  Units ). Collectively, the Units consisted of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ) convertible into shares of common stock and Series A Warrants exercisable into
54 shares of common stock (the  Series A Warrants ). The Units separated into the Series A Preferred Stock and Series
A Warrants as of January 25, 2016. (See Note 11- Stockholders  Deficit   Series A Unit Public Offering.) 

Holders of Series A Warrants may exercise
such warrants by paying the exercise price in cash or, in lieu of payment of the exercise price in cash, by electing to receive
a cash payment from us (subject to certain conditions not being met by the Company) equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined
in the Series A Warrant) of the number of shares of the Company s common stock (the  Common Stock ) the holder
elects to exercise, which we refer to as the Black Scholes Payment; provided that we have discretion as to whether to deliver the
Black Scholes Payment or, subject to meeting certain conditions, to deliver shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common
Stock that the Company is obligated to issue in connection with the exercise of the Series A Warrants is based on the closing bid
price of the Common Stock two trading days prior to the date of exercise. 

On May 2, 2016, the OTCQB staff notified
the Company that, based upon its non-compliance with the minimum $0.01 bid price requirement for the prior 30 consecutive business
days, the Company   in accordance with the OTCQB Standards   had been provided a grace period through October
31, 2016, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. If the Company s common stock bid price did
not close at or above $0.01 for a period of ten consecutive trading days prior to October 31, 2016, the Company would move to
the OTC Pink marketplace. 

On October 31, 2016, the Company received
notice from OTC Markets Group that the Company's common stock would be moved from the OTCQB to the OTC Pink marketplace on November
1, 2016, as a result of the Company's failure to cure its bid price deficiency. On November 1, 2016, the date of the  delisting
from OTCQB, the  Company no longer meets the  Equity Conditions  required to allow the Company to elect to issue
common stock to fulfill a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 1(d) of its Series A Warrants. Holders of the Series A Warrants
may still undertake a cashless exercise of their warrants and agree to permit the Company to issue common stock to fulfill such
exercise. 

On June 24, 2016, the Company determined
that it had insufficient shares of Common Stock authorized to allow for the exercise of the Series A Warrants or stock options,
or allow the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. On August 4, 2016 an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation was filed to increase the number of shares of the authorized common stock from 5,000,000,000 to 750,000,000,000.
If all of the warrants were exercised simultaneously at stock prices lower than $0.0001, the Company would not have sufficient
authorized common stock to satisfy all the warrant exercises and it may be required to use cash 

Table of Contents   

to pay Series A warrant holders.
Since it is not possible to predict the future stock price or when the warrant holders will exercise warrants and sell the underlying
common shares, management cannot predict if the Company will have sufficient cash resources to satisfy its obligation to the current
warrant holders. The amounts payable to the holders of the Series A Warrants if all such warrants were fully exercised as of November
11, 2016 on a cashless basis would be approximately $64 million, using a Black Scholes Value of approximately $1,516,896
per Series A Warrant. 

The Company reported a net loss of approximately
$19.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company also had negative working capital of approximately $33.4
million and a total stockholders  deficit of approximately $28 million as of September 30, 2016. The Company expects
to continue incurring operating losses for the foreseeable future and may need to satisfy exercises of Series A Warrants on a
cashless basis. Accordingly, the material uncertainty related to the exercise of Series A Warrants and the sufficiency of cash
reserves to satisfy obligations related to such exercises raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

Notice of Late Filing   

In connection with the sale of the
Company s wholesale vapor business and acquisition of Ada s Whole Food Market LLC ( Ada s ).
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company was required to file a Form 8-K with Ada s
audited financial statements, unaudited interim financial statements, and pro forma financial statements within 4
days and 75 days of the closing of the respective disposition and acquisition transactions. The Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ) notified the Company that it could not review its future registration statements effective
until such time as the Company furnished two years of audited financial statements of Ada s Whole Food Market
LLC as the acquisition was deemed significant. 

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation   

The Company s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of all subsidiaries in which the Company holds a controlling financial interest as of the financial statement
date. 

The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Vapor and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Healthy Choice Markets, Inc., The Vape
Store, Inc. ( Vape Store ), Vaporin, Inc. ( Vaporin ), Smoke Anywhere U.S.A., Inc.
( Smoke ), Emagine the Vape Store, LLC ( Emagine ), IVGI Acquisition, Inc., Vapormax Franchising
LLC., Vaporin LLC., and Vaporin Florida, Inc. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. 

On February 1, 2016, the Company filed
an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized Common Stock to 5,000,000,000, and change its
par value to $0.0001 per share. On March 4, 2016, the Company filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to
effectuate a one-for-seventy reverse stock split to its Common Stock. On June 1, 2016, the Company filed an amendment to its Certificate
of Incorporation to effectuate a one-for-twenty thousand reverse stock split to its Common Stock. On August 4, 2016, the
Company filed an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of the authorized
common stock from 5,000,000,000 to 750,000,000,000. All warrant, convertible preferred stock, option, common stock shares and
per share information included in these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements gives retroactive effect to the
aforementioned reverse splits of the Company s common stock. (See Note 11- Stockholders  Deficit for additional
details regarding the Company s authorized capital.) 

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared by the Company and reflect all normal, recurring adjustments that, in the opinion of management,
are necessary for a fair presentation of the interim financial information. The results of operations for the interim periods presented
are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter or for the year ending December 31, 2016.
Certain information and footnotes normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed
or omitted under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). These unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and notes included herein
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year as filed with the SEC on April
8, 2016. 

Table of Contents   

Note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Reclassifications   

Certain prior period amounts in the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period s presentation. No changes
to the Company s net loss were made as a result of such reclassifications. 

Use of Estimates in the Preparation of the Financial Statements   

The preparation of unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of net revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. These estimates and assumptions include allowances, reserves and write-downs of receivables
and inventory, valuing equity securities and hybrid instruments, share-based payment arrangements, and deferred taxes and related
valuation allowances, and the valuation of assets and liabilities in business combinations. Certain of our estimates could be affected
by external conditions, including those unique to our industry, and general economic conditions. It is possible that these external
factors could have an effect on our estimates that could cause actual results to differ from our estimates. The Company re-evaluates
all of its accounting estimates at least quarterly based on these conditions and records adjustments when necessary. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company recognizes revenue from product
sales or services rendered when the following four revenue recognition criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is
reasonably assured. 

Vapor retail sales revenues are recorded
at the point of sale when both title and risk of loss is transferred to the customer. The Company periodically provides incentive
offers to its customers to encourage vapor product purchases. Such offers include discounts and rebates. Discounts offered to customers are reflected as a reduction to the sales price. Vapor wholesale product sales revenues,
net of promotional discounts, rebates, and return allowances, are recorded when the products are shipped, title passes to customers
and collection is reasonably assured. The Company sold its wholesale business in July 2016, and the vapor wholesale product sales
are classified as discontinued operations for all financial reporting periods presented. Return allowances, which reduce product
revenue, are estimated using historical experience. Vapor revenue from product sales is recorded net of sales and consumption
taxes. 

Grocery merchandise sales are recognized
at the point of sale to the customer. Sales tax is excluded from revenue. Discounts provided to customers through in-store and
manufacturers coupons and loyalty programs are recognized as a reduction of sales as the products are sold. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets    

The Company reviews long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. In
connection with this review, the Company also reevaluates the depreciable lives for these assets. The Company assesses recoverability
by determining whether the net book value of the related asset will be recovered through the projected undiscounted future cash
flows of the asset. If the Company determines that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable, it measures any impairment
based on the projected future discounted cash flows as compared to the asset s carrying value. 

Fair Value Measurements   

The Company applies the provisions of Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ).
The Company s short term financial instruments include cash, due from merchant credit card processors, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued expenses, each of which approximate their fair values based upon their short term nature. The Company s
other financial instruments include derivative liabilities. The carrying value of these instruments
approximates fair value, as they bear terms and conditions comparable to market value, for obligations with similar terms and maturities. 

ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes
a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1  
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2   quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
in active market or inputs that are observable; and Level 3   inputs that are unobservable. 

Table of Contents   

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
for employees and directors under ASC Topic No. 718,  Compensation-Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718 ). These
standards define a fair value based method of accounting for stock-based compensation. In accordance with ASC 718, the cost of
stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized over the vesting period.
The value of the stock-based award is determined using an appropriate valuation model, whereby compensation cost is the fair value
of the award as determined by the valuation model at the grant date. The resulting amount is charged to expense on the straight-line
basis over the period in which the Company expects to receive the benefit, which is generally the vesting period. The Company considers
many factors when estimating expected forfeitures, including types of awards, employee class, and historical experience. Stock-based
compensation for non-employees is measured at the grant date, is re-measured at subsequent vesting dates and reporting dates, and
is amortized over the service period. 

Derivative Instruments   

The Company accounts for free-standing
derivative instruments and hybrid instruments that contain embedded derivative features in accordance with ASC Topic No. 815,  Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities  ( ASC 815 ), as well as related interpretations of this topic. In accordance
with this topic, derivative instruments and hybrid instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and are measured at fair
values with gains or losses recognized in earnings. Embedded derivatives that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract
are bifurcated and are recognized at fair value with changes in fair value recognized as either a gain or loss in earnings. The
Company determines the fair value of derivative instruments and hybrid instruments based on available market data using appropriate
valuation models, giving consideration to all of the rights and obligations of each instrument. 

The Company estimates fair values of derivative
instruments and hybrid instruments using various techniques (and combinations thereof) that are considered to be consistent with
the objective of measuring fair values. In selecting the appropriate technique, the Company considers, among other factors, the
nature of the instrument, the market risks that it embodies and the expected means of settlement. For complex instruments, the
Company utilizes custom Monte Carlo simulation models. For less complex instruments, such as free-standing warrants, the Company
generally uses the Binomial Lattice model, adjusted for the effect of dilution, because it embodies all of the requisite assumptions
(including trading volatility, estimated terms, dilution and risk free rates) necessary to fair value these instruments. Estimating
fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and
are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors. In addition,
option-based techniques (such as the Binomial Lattice model or the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model) are highly volatile and
sensitive to changes in the trading market price of the Common Stock. Since derivative financial instruments are initially and
subsequently carried at fair values, the Company s net income (loss) going forward will reflect the volatility in these estimates
and assumption changes. Under ASC 815, increases in the trading price of the Common Stock and increases in fair value during a
given financial quarter result in the application of non-cash derivative losses. Conversely, decreases in the trading price of
the Common Stock and decreases in trading fair value during a given financial quarter result in the application of non-cash derivative
gains. 

Sequencing Policy   

Under ASC 815-40-35, the Company has adopted
a sequencing policy whereby, in the event that reclassification of contracts from equity to assets or liabilities is necessary
pursuant to ASC 815 due to the Company's inability to demonstrate it has sufficient authorized shares, shares will be allocated
on the basis of the earliest issuance date of potentially dilutive instruments, with the earliest grants receiving the first allocation
of shares.  

Preferred Stock   

The Company applies the accounting standards
for distinguishing liabilities from equity when determining the classification and measurement of its preferred stock. Shares that
are subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. The Company
classifies conditionally redeemable preferred shares, which include preferred shares that feature redemption rights that are either
within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s
control, as temporary equity. At all other times, preferred shares are classified as stockholders' equity. 

Treasury Stock   

When the Company acquires its own common stock ( treasury
stock ), the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of tax), is deducted from
equity. No gain is recognized on the purchase, sale, or cancellation of the treasury stock. When a loss
results from the purchase of treasury stock at a premium, the related costs are expensed in the period incurred. The
difference between the carrying amount and the consideration on sale is recognized as capital surplus. 

Discontinued Operations   

On July 31, 2016, the Company sold its
wholesale inventory and related operations. The sale of the wholesale business qualifies as discontinued operations and accordingly
the Company has excluded results for the wholesale business operations from the Company s continuing operations in the unaudited
condensed consolidating Statements of Operations for all periods presented. 

Table of Contents   

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15 (Topic 230),  Statement
of Cash Flows Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The new standard will make eight targeted changes
to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable
to apply, in which case the Company would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable.
The Company is currently evaluating the effect that adopting this new accounting guidance will have on its consolidated cash flows
and related disclosures. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
(Topic 606)  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ( ASU2-16-10 ).
ASU 2016-10 clarifies the principle for determining whether a good or service is  separately identifiable  from other
promises in the contract and, therefore, should be accounted for as a separate performance obligation. In that regard, ASU 2016-10
requires that an entity determine whether its promise is to transfer individual goods or services to the customer, or a combined
item (or items) to which the individual goods and services are inputs. In addition, ASU 2016-10 categorizes intellectual property,
or IP, into two categories:  functional  and  symbolic.  Functional IP has significant standalone functionality.
All other IP is considered symbolic IP. Revenue from licenses of functional IP is generally recognized at a point in time, while
revenue from licenses of symbolic IP is recognized over time. ASU 2016-10 has the same effective date and transition requirements
as ASU 2014-09, as amended by ASU 2015-14. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that adoption of ASU 2016-10 will have
on its consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation
  Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 requires an entity to simplify several aspects
of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2016-09 and its impact on its consolidated
financial statements or disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus
Net). This ASU amends the principal versus agent guidance in ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),
which was issued in May 2014 ( ASU 2014-09 ). The effective date and transition requirements for the amendment to ASU
2014-09 are the same as those of ASU 2014-09, which was deferred for one year by ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. That is, the guidance under these standards is to be applied using a full retrospective
method or a modified retrospective method, as outlined in the guidance, and is effective for annual periods, and interim periods
within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only for annual periods, and interim
periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of each
of these standards and assessing their impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). ASU 2016-02 establishes a right-of-use
( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet
for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification
affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2018, and annual and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact that the adoption of this new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 3. SALE OF WHOLESALE BUSINESS AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  

On July 29, 2016, the Company,
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Wholesale Business Purchase Agreement ) with VPR Brands, L.P. (the
 Purchaser ) and the Purchaser s Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Frija (the former Chief Executive Officer
of the Company) pursuant to which the Company sold its wholesale vapor inventory and the related business operations
(collectively,  Wholesale Business Assets ), which previously operated at 3001 Griffin Road, Dania Beach, Florida
33312 and to purchase 1,405,910,203 shares of the Company s Common Stock held by Mr. Frija. The sale transaction
was approved by the Company s Board of Director s on July 26, 2016 and completed on July 31, 2016. The
consideration for the Wholesale Business Assets is (i) the transfer to the Company by Mr. Frija of 1,405,910,203 shares of
the Company s common stock that he had acquired on the open market; (ii) a secured, one-year promissory note in the
principal amount of $370,000 (the  Acquisition Note ) bearing an interest rate of 4.5%, which payments thereunder
are $10,000 monthly, with such payments commencing on October 28, 2016, with a balloon payment of the remainder of principal
and interest on July 29, 2017; (iii) A secured, 36-month promissory note in the principal amount of $500,000 bearing
an interest rate of prime plus 2%, resetting annually on July 29 th ,which payments thereunder are $14,000 per
month, with such payments deferred and commencing on January 26, 2017, with subsequent installments payable on the same day
of each 

Table of Contents   

month thereafter and in the
37 th  month, a balloon payment for all remaining accrued interest and principal; and (iv) the assumption by
the Purchaser of certain liabilities related to the Company s wholesale operations, including but not limited to the
month-to-month lease for the premises. Pursuant to the Wholesale Business Purchase Agreement, the Company shall
continue to collect the accounts receivable from its wholesale operations as of July 29, 2016. The Company agreed to
use its commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with standard industry practice, to collect such accounts receivable, and
any and all amounts so collected (i) up to $150,000 (net of any refunds) in the aggregate shall be credited against payment
of the Acquisition Note; and (ii) in excess of $150,000 (up to $95,800) will be transferred to the Purchaser s Chief
Executive Officer. The Company incurred costs to buy back it shares of its Common Stock in conjunction with the
sale of its wholesale vapor business. The costs includes approximately $43,000 of discounts on the notes receivable to
related party, that were issued at below market rates, and $35,000 of professional fees. These costs were recorded as
incurred as selling general and administrative expense, a component of the loss from discontinued operations. 

The sale of the wholesale business qualifies
as discontinued operations and accordingly the Company has excluded results for the wholesale business operations from the Company s
continuing operations in the unaudited condensed consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented. The following
table shows the results of the Company s wholesale operations included in the loss from discontinued operations. 

The major classes of assets and liabilities
of discontinued operations on the balance sheet are as follow: 

Due from related party:  

 Subsequent to the transfer of the
wholesale business, the Company sold and purchased inventory to/from the Purchaser and incurred costs on behalf of the Purchaser
during a transition period. The net amount due from the Purchaser was $75,130 at September 30, 2016. 

Note 4. ACQUISITION OF ADA S NATURAL MARKET

On June 1, 2016, the Company s wholly
owned subsidiary Healthy Choice Markets Inc., entered into a Business Sale Agreement with Ada s Whole Food Market LLC (the
 Seller ) to purchase certain operating assets and assumed certain payables and a store lease obligation related
to that constituted the business of Ada s Natural Market grocery store (the  Grocery Acquisition ). The Company
operates the grocery store under the same name, location, and management. The Company also entered into an employment agreement
with the store manager. 

The purchase consideration paid to the
Seller was allocated to the preliminary fair value of the net tangible assets acquired, with the remainder recorded as goodwill
on a preliminary basis. Goodwill recognized from the transaction mainly represented the expected operational synergies upon acquisition
of the combined entity and intangibles not qualifying for separate recognition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for income
tax purposes in the tax jurisdiction of the acquired business. The preliminary purchase price allocation was based, in part, on
management s knowledge of Ada s Natural Market business and the results of a third party appraisal commissioned by
management for equipment. 

Table of Contents   

The following presents the unaudited pro-forma
combined results of operations of the Company with Ada s Whole Food Market and Vaporin, which was acquired on March 4,
2015, as if both Acquisitions occurred on January 1, 2015. 

The unaudited pro-forma results of operations
are presented for information purposes only and are based on estimated financial operations. The unaudited pro-forma results of
operations are not intended to present actual results that would have been attained had the acquisition been completed as of January
1, 2015 or to project potential operating results as of any future date or for any future periods. 

Note 5. SEGMENT INFORMATION  

Prior to the second quarter of 2016, the
Company had a single reportable business segment, as it was a distributor and retailer of vapor products including vaporizers,
e-liquids and electronic cigarettes. On June 1, 2016, the Company completed the Grocery Acquisition (See Note 4) and added a reportable
segment. On July 31, 2016, the Company sold its wholesale vapor inventory and related business operations. The Company
has excluded the results for the wholesale vapor business, as discontinued operations, from the Company s continuing
operations for all periods presented. Management determines the reportable segments based on the internal reporting used by our
Chief Operating Decision Makers to evaluate performance and to assess where to allocate resources. The Company evaluates segment
performance based on the segment gross profit before corporate expenses. 

Summarized below are the Net Sales and
Segment Gross Profit for each reporting segment: 

Table of Contents   

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 depreciation and amortization was $20,388 and $53,305 for Vapor and Grocery, respectively. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 depreciation and amortization was $153,015 and $70,756 for Vapor and Grocery, respectively. 

Summarized below are the assets for each reporting segment: 

Vapor 

Grocery: 

Note 6. MERGER WITH VAPORIN, INC.  

On December 17, 2014, the Company entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Vaporin (the  Merger ) pursuant to which Vaporin was to merge with and into
the Company with the Company being the surviving and controlling entity (as a result of the stockholders of the Company maintaining
more than 50% ownership in the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock and the Vapor directors comprising the majority
of the board at the date of the Merger). The Merger closed on March 4, 2015 and was accounted for as a business combination. 

The following presents the unaudited pro-forma
combined results of operations of the Company with Vaporin as if the Merger occurred on January 1, 2015. 

Table of Contents   

The unaudited pro-forma results of operations
are presented for information purposes only. The unaudited pro-forma results of operations are not intended to present actual results
that would have been attained had the acquisition been completed as of January 1, 2015 or to project potential operating results
as of any future date or for any future periods. 

Note 7. RETAIL VAPOR STORES AND KIOSKS  

Retail Stores   

During 2015, the Company acquired the assets
and business operations of established retail vapor stores. The purchase prices were generally allocated to inventory, leasehold
improvements, fixtures, security deposits, intangible assets, and goodwill. No liabilities were assumed from the sellers and the
Company has no obligation to retain existing employees. 

The Company holds back a portion of the
sellers  purchase price for three to nine months during the operational transition period (the  hold back period ).
If the stores  gross minimum revenues during the holdback period do not reach an amount agreed upon by the Company and the
respective seller at closing, then the hold back amount due to the seller is reduced in the final settlement. The holdback amount
due to sellers of $860,000 was recorded in accrued liabilities at December 31, 2015 as the achievement of the minimum revenue milestones
are considered probable. The hold back liability is considered contingent consideration recorded at fair value at each respective
acquisition date and is re-measured each reporting period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company made $220,000
of aggregate holdback payments and the remaining holdback amount as of September 30, 2016 included in accrued expenses is $640,000. 

The accounting and reporting of the acquired
vape retail store operations were fully integrated into the Company at dates of the individual acquisitions and it is impracticable
to separate them. Unaudited pro-forma combined results of operations of the Company are not presented, as it is unfeasible to obtain
complete, reliable and financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. The prior owners of the retail store businesses
were individuals without reporting requirements and, accordingly, the financial data available is incomplete, inconsistent, and
the presentation would not add value to the Company s pro-forma financial disclosure. 

During the fourth quarter of 2015, the
Company ceased its plans to increase the number of vape retail stores due to adverse industry trends and increasing federal and
state regulations. After evaluating retail store operations, management decided to close two of its Atlanta area vape retail stores
on February 15, 2016, and September 30, 2016, respectively, and five of its Florida retail vapor stores were closed between May
31, and September 30, 2016. In connection with the vape retail store closing, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company incurred approximately $332,503 of exit costs including $181,153 of settlement of non-cancellable lease obligations,
and $103,312 of loss on abandonment or disposal of property and equipment, and $48,038 loss on write-off of inventory and
other exit costs. 

Note 8. NOTES RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTY  

In connection with the sale of its wholesale
business, the Company entered into two notes receivable with the Purchaser, a related party. (See Note 3 for additional
details.) As consideration for the sale of wholesale inventory and business the Company received a secured, one-year promissory
note in the principal amount of $370,000 (the  Acquisition Note ) bearing an interest rate of 4.5%, which payments
thereunder are $10,000 monthly, with such payments commencing on October 28, 2016, with a balloon payment of the remainder of
principal and interest due on July 29, 2017. 

In connection with the sale of the
wholesale business, the Purchaser and the Company also entered into a secured, 36-month promissory note in the principal
amount of $500,000 (the  Promissory Note ) bearing an interest rate of prime plus 2%, resetting annually on July 29 th ,
which payments thereunder are $14,000 per month, with such payments deferred and commencing on January 26, 2017, with subsequent
installments payable on the same day of each month thereafter and in the 37 th  month, and a balloon payment for all
remaining accrued interest and principal due on July 29, 2019. 

The rates of interest for both the Acquisition Note and
the Promissory Notes were below market rates. Discounts were recorded to reflect the interest that would be received a market
rate, approximating 12%. The discount is accreted over the terms of the loans. 

Table of Contents   

The composition of notes receivable from
related party balances and unamortized discounts are in the following table: 

Note 9. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Goodwill represents the premium paid over
the fair value of the intangible and net tangible assets acquired in the Merger and other retail and grocery store business acquisitions.
The Company assesses the carrying value of its goodwill on at least an annual basis. At December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016,
management assessed relevant events and circumstances in evaluating whether it was more likely than not that its fair values were
less than the respective carrying amounts of the acquired subsidiaries pursuant to ASC 350,  Intangibles, Goodwill and Other .
The Company then evaluated the carrying value of its goodwill by estimating the fair value of its consolidated business operations
through the use of discounted cash flow models, which required management to make significant judgments as to the estimated future
cash flows. During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company revised its plans to increase the number of vape retail stores due to
changes in the industry and increasing federal and state regulations that may potentially reduce both wholesale and retail revenues.
The ceased vape retail store expansion plan and potential reduction in revenue resulting from pending regulations adversely impacted
the Company s projected cash flows and profits. Accordingly, the Company s goodwill was evaluated for impairment. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s wholesale and online operations did not generate positive cash flows
and are projected to continue incurring operating losses for the foreseeable future. As a result of such analyses, the Company
concluded that goodwill was impaired and recorded an impairment charges of $1,199,484 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

The Company records an impairment charge
on its intangible assets if it determines that their carrying value may not be recoverable. The carrying value is not recoverable
if it exceeds the undiscounted cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. When the Company determines
that the carrying value of its intangible assets may not be recoverable, the Company measures the potential impairment based on
a projected discounted cash flow method using a discount rate determined by its management to be commensurate with the risk inherent
in its current business model. An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of the intangible assets exceeds its
estimated fair value. An impairment charge is recorded to reduce the pre-impairment carrying amount of the intangible assets to
their estimated fair value. Determining the fair value is highly judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates
and assumptions considered to be Level 3 fair value inputs, including anticipated future revenue opportunities, operating margins,
and discount rates, among others. The estimated fair value of the intangible assets was determined based on the income approach,
as it was deemed to be most indicative of the Company s fair value in an orderly transaction between market participants.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company determined its trade names and technology carrying value exceeded
the potential cash flow from their disposition. The Company recorded an impairment charge of $778,345. Subsequent to September
30, 2016, the Company entered into a sale and license agreement for its trade names for consideration of $100,000. The changes
in the carrying amount of intangible assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

Table of Contents   

On July 21, 2016, Liquid Science entered
into an asset purchase and license agreement with the Company, whereby the Company irrevocably sold, assigned or transferred certain
trademark, intellectual property, formulations and technology, and granted rights to sell and distribute certain brand named products
internationally. In conjunction with the sale, the royalty agreement between the Company and Liquid Science was terminated. 

Note 10. ACCRUED EXPENSES   

Accrued expenses are comprised of the following: 

See Note 7 - Retail Stores and Kiosks
for more information related to accrued vape retail store hold back payments from acquisitions. (See Note 13   Commitments
and Contingencies   Legal Proceedings for additional information related to the accrual of legal settlements and royalty
fees.) 

Note 11. STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT  

Reverse Splits   

On July 7, 2015, the Company filed an amendment
to its Certificate of Incorporation to effectuate a one-for-five reverse stock split to its Common Stock. On February 1, 2016,
the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to (i) effect a reverse stock split of the Common Stock at a ratio between 1-for-10 and 1-for-70, such ratio to be determined by
the Board, (ii) reduce the par value of the Common Stock from $0.001 to $0.0001 and (iii) increase the number of authorized shares
of the Common Stock from 500,000,000 shares to 5,000,000,000 shares. Each share entitles the holder to one vote. On March 8, 2016,
the Board effected a reverse stock split of the Common Stock at a ratio of 1-for-70. On March 21, 2016, the Company s stockholders
approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split
of the Common Stock at a ratio between 1-for-10,000 and 1-for-20,000, such ratio to be determined by the Board. On June 1, 2016,
the Board effected a reverse stock split of the Common Stock at a ratio of 1-for-20,000. 

Table of Contents   

Series A Preferred Stock Conversions   

On January 25, 2016, the Units sold pursuant
to the Company s July 2015 registered offering automatically separated into 1 share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series
A Warrants, exercisable into 54 shares of common stock. From January 25, 2016 through September 30, 2016, 1 share of Series A Preferred
Stock was converted and the Company issued 26 shares of Common Stock to settle these conversions. 

Compensatory Common Stock Summary   

The Company did not recognize
stock-based compensation expense related to compensatory Common Stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense
related to compensatory Common Stock in the amount of $52,000 and $621,067, respectively. Stock-based
compensation expense is included as part of selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying condensed
consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2016, there was no unamortized expense remaining related to stock
awards because the remaining non-vested shares vested on April 1, 2016. 

A summary of compensatory Common Stock
activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below: 

Warrants   

On May 2, 2016, the OTCQB staff notified
the Company that, based upon its non-compliance with the minimum $0.01 bid price requirement for the prior 30 consecutive business
days, the Company   in accordance with the OTCQB Standards   had been provided a grace period through October 31,
2016, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. If the Company s common stock bid price did not close
at or above $0.01 for a period of ten consecutive trading days prior to October 31, 2016, the Company would move to the OTC Pink
marketplace. 

On May 3, 2016, the Series A Warrant Standstill
Agreements (the  Amended Standstill Agreements ) were amended and restated pursuant to which, among other things,
each holder of the Series A Warrants agreed not to exercise their Series A Warrants pursuant to the  cashless exercise 
provisions of the Series A Warrants prior to the earlier of (1) June 2, 2016, or (2) the date the Company completes its previously
approved 70 for 1 reverse stock split. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended Standstill Agreements, the holders agreed to
receive only common stock (and not cash) pursuant to any exercise of their Series A Warrants until the date of the 20,000 for
1 reverse stock split. For the period through the June 1, 2016, the number of Series A Warrants the Holders would
have been permitted to exercise will roll over and cumulated and was exercisable after the June 1, 2016. More than
85% of the Series A Warrants were subject to the Amended Standstill Agreement on May 3, 2016. 

On May 4, 2016, the Company
determined that it had insufficient shares of Common Stock authorized to allow for the exercise of Series A Warrants or stock
options, or allow the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Company received the necessary approval from FINRA to
implement a reverse stock split filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to effectuate a one-for-twenty
thousand reverse stock split to its Common Stock on June 1, 2016. 

On June 21, 2016,
the Series A Warrant Standstill Agreements were amended and restated to permit the repurchase or exchange of the Series A Warrants
in certain additional circumstances (the  Amended Standstill Agreements ). These circumstances include the repurchase
of the Series A Warrants below a certain price per warrant and pursuant to the terms of the recently announced potential
exchange offer for the Series A Warrants. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Amended Standstill Agreements, the Holders
agreed, in certain circumstances, to receive only common stock (and not cash) pursuant to Section 1(d) of
their Series A Warrants. Those circumstances include if the Company is deemed not to meet the  Equity Conditions  of
the Series A Warrants because of the failure of the closing price of the Common Stock to be at or above $0.01 per share.
The Company elected not to proceed with the aforementioned exchange offer. 

On June 24, 2016, the Company determined
that it again had insufficient shares of Common Stock authorized to allow for the exercise of its warrants or stock options,
or allow the conversion of preferred stock. On August 4, 2016, the Company received the approval from its stockholders to increase
the authorized common stock to 750 billion shares and the Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
was filed. If all of the warrants were exercised simultaneously at a stock price lower than $0.0001, then the 

Table of Contents   

Company would not have sufficient authorized
common stock to satisfy all the warrant exercises and it may be required to use cash to pay warrant holders. Since the Company
cannot predict the future stock price and when the warrant holders will exercise warrants and sell the underlying common shares,
management cannot predict if the Company will have sufficient cash resources to satisfy its obligation to the current warrant
holders. If all of the outstanding Series A Warrants were fully exercised on September 30, 2016, the amounts payable to the holders
of the Series A Warrants would be approximately $64.1 million, using a Black Scholes Value of $1,514,939 per Series A Warrant.
The approximately 641 billion shares issuable upon full exercise of the Company s 43 outstanding Series A Warrants is calculated
(1) using a Black Scholes Value of $1,514,939 per share and a closing stock price of $0.0001 per share and (2) assuming
the Company delivers only common stock upon exercise of the Series A Warrants and not cash payments as permitted under the terms
of the Series A Warrants. 

A summary of warrant activity for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 is presented below: 

See Note 12   Fair Value Measurements
for additional details related to the Series A Warrants that were exercised or exchanged during the nine months ended September
30, 2016. The remaining Series A Warrants purchase 43 shares of Common Stock have an exercise price of $1,736,000
per warrant and have a remaining term of 3.5 years at September 30, 2016. 

Stock-Based Compensation    

Stock Options   

During the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized stock-based compensation recovery credits of $2,381 and $80,688
 respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized stock-based
compensation expenses of $61,794 and $613,577, respectively, in connection with the amortization of stock option expense
net of recovery of stock-based charges for forfeited stock options. Stock-based compensation expense is included as part of selling,
general and administrative expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2016,
the amount of unamortized stock-based compensation expense associated with unvested stock options granted to employees, directors
and consultants was approximately $13,000 which will be amortized over a weighted average period of 0.8 years.      

Loss per Share   

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing
the net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and, if dilutive, potential
shares of Common Stock outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of incremental shares of Common Stock issuable
upon (a) the exercise of stock options (using the treasury stock method); (b) the vesting of restricted stock units; (c) the conversion
of Series A Preferred Stock; (d) the exercise of warrants (using the if-converted method), and (e) convertible notes payable. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, diluted loss per share excludes the potential shares of Common Stock, as their
effect is antidilutive. The following table summarizes the Company s securities that have been excluded from the calculation
of basic and dilutive loss per share as their effect would be anti-dilutive: 

Table of Contents   

Note 12. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The fair value framework under FASB s
guidance requires the categorization of assets and liabilities into three levels based upon the assumptions used to measure the
assets or liabilities. Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value, whereas Level 3, if applicable, would generally
require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities under the fair value measurement
requirements are as follows: 

Level 1: Fair value measurement of the asset or liability using observable inputs such as quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;   

Level 2: Fair value measurement of the asset or liability using inputs other than quoted prices
that are observable for the applicable asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar (as
opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities
in markets that are not active; and   

Level 3: Fair value measurement of the asset or liability using unobservable inputs that reflect
the Company s own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.   

The following table summarizes the liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016: 

The following table summarizes the liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2015: 

Level 3 Valuation Techniques   

Level 3 financial liabilities consist of
the derivative liabilities for which there is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value
requires significant judgment or estimation and the use of at least one significant unobservable input. The development and determination
of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements and fair value calculations are the responsibility of the Company.
Changes in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes
in estimates or assumptions and recorded as appropriate. 

The Company deems financial instruments
to be derivative instruments if they (a) do not have fixed settlement provisions; or (b) have potential cash settlement provisions
which are not within the Company s control. The Common Stock purchase warrants (a) issued by the Company in connection with
the Merger; (b) issued in connection with the 2015 private placement of Common Stock and warrants; (c) granted in connection with
certain 2015 waivers agreements; and (d) issued in connection with the July 2015 underwritten offering; have all been deemed to
be derivative liabilities. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic No. 815-40,  Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in an Entity s
Own Stock  ( ASC 815 ), the embedded conversion options and the warrants were accounted for as derivative liabilities
at the date of issuance and adjusted to fair value through earnings at each reporting date. In accordance with ASC 815, the Company
has bifurcated the conversion feature of the warrant derivative instruments and recorded derivative liabilities on their issuance
date. The Company used a Monte Carlo model and a Binomial Lattice model to value the derivative liabilities. These derivative liabilities
are then revalued on each reporting date. 

The Company s derivative liabilities
are carried at fair value and were classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of unobservable inputs, including
the likelihood transactions limiting warrant holder payments, and factors limiting the exercise of warrants. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, Series A warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4 and 7 shares of Common Stock which had been accounted for as a derivative
liability were exercised and exchanged, respectively. The exercised warrants had an aggregate exercise date value of $4,498,048
which was reclassified to stockholders  deficit. The exchanged warrants had an aggregate value at exchange date of $8,468,310
which was derecognized and the Company paid $3,278,826 of cash plus Series B warrants with a nominal value, with a resulting
extinguishment gain of $5,189,484. The terms of the Series B warrant were agreed upon, but the warrants have not been issued.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, certain holders of Series A Warrants executed Standstill 

Table of Contents   

Agreements, which were subsequently amended
and restated whereby the holders agreed not to exercise Series A Warrants for a specified period of time and under certain circumstances. 

The following tables summarizes the values
of certain assumptions used by the Company s custom models to estimate the fair value of the warrant liabilities during the
nine months ended September 30: 

The following table sets forth a summary
of the changes in the fair value of our Level 3 financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Note 13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Employment and Consulting and Other
Related Party Agreements   

On April 8, 2016, Gregory
Brauser informed the Board of his decision to resign from the Board and as President of the Company. Mr. Brauser s resignation
was not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matters relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 
Through GAB Management Group, Inc., Mr. Brauser will serve as a consultant to the Company pursuant to an Executive
Services Consulting Agreement dated as of April 11, 2016 (the  Consulting Agreement ), the term of
which is two years. Under the Consulting Agreement, GAB Management Group, Inc., will receive the following benefits in connection
with consulting services that its principal, Mr. Brauser, will provide to the Company beginning on April 11, 2016: (1)
an engagement fee of $50,000 payable at the time the Consulting Agreement is executed, and (2) thereafter monthly installments of
$10,000 for 24 months. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the Company paid $80,000 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement. 

On August 13, 2015, the Company entered
into consulting agreements with each of GRQ Consultants, Inc. and Grander Holdings, Inc. Pursuant to its consulting agreement,
GRQ Consultants, Inc. was to primarily focus on investor relations and presenting the Company and its business plans, strategy
and personnel to the financial community. Pursuant to its consulting agreement, Grander Holdings, Inc. was to primarily assist
the Company in further developing and executing its acquisitions strategy, focusing on the Company s  The Vape Store 
properties. Mr. Michael Brauser, who is the father of Gregory Brauser, is the Chief Executive Officer of Grander Holdings, Inc.
Pursuant to the foregoing agreements, each consultant received an initial fee of $50,000, payable upon execution, and would receive
$20,000 monthly throughout the 12-month term of each agreement if such consulting services continued. The Company made payments
of $40,000 each to Grander Holdings, Inc. and GRQ Consultants, Inc. during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The consulting 

Table of Contents   

agreements with Grander Holdings, Inc.
and GRQ Consultants were terminated amicably effective February 29, 2016, with no requirement for additional payments. 

During 2015, the Company purchased, at
rates comparable to market rates, e-liquids sold in its vape retail stores and wholesale operations, respectively from Liquid Science,
Inc., a company in which Jeffrey Holman (the Company s Chief Executive Officer), Gregory Brauser (the Company s former
President) and Michael Brauser each had a beneficial ownership interest. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
made approximately $274,000 or 37% of its purchases of e-liquid from Liquid Science for its continuing operations. The Company
did not make any purchases from Liquid Science during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Jeffrey Holman sold his ownership
interest in Liquid Science, Inc. in April 2016. During 2016, the Company received royalty income from Liquid Science pursuant to
the terms of a royalty agreement; approximately $52,000 received during the three months ended March 31, 2016 and $42,000 of royalty
income received in July 2016. Pursuant to the royalty agreement between the Company and Liquid Science, as consideration for use
of a Company trademark, Liquid science paid a 15% royalty on sales of licensed products sold directly to consumers. The royalty
revenue was recorded when received. On July 21, 2016, Liquid Science entered into an asset purchase and license agreement with
the Company, whereby the Company irrevocably sold, assigned, transferred, certain trademark, intellectual property, formulations,
technology and granted rights to sell and distribute certain brand named products internationally. In conjunction with the sale,
the royalty agreement between the Company and Liquid Science was terminated. 

Legal Proceedings   

From time to time the Company may be involved
in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of our business. 

Fontem Matters  

Effective December 16, 2015, the Company
entered into a confidential Settlement Agreement and a non-exclusive royalty-bearing confidential Global License Agreement ( License
Agreement ) with Fontem Ventures B.V. ( Fontem ) resulting in the dismissal of all of the aforementioned patent
infringement cases by Fontem against the Company. The estimated settlement fee of approximately $1.7 million was included in selling,
general and administrative expenses and in accrued expense at December 31, 2015. On January 15, 2016, the Company made a payment
of $1.7 million under the terms of the Settlement and License Agreements. In connection with the License Agreement, Fontem granted
the Company a non-exclusive license to certain of its products. As consideration, the Company will make quarterly license and royalty
payments to Fontem based on the sale of qualifying products as defined in the License Agreement. The term of the License Agreement
will continue until all of the patents on the products subject to the agreement are no longer enforceable. 

California Center for Environmental
Health Matters  

On June 22, 2015, the Center for Environmental
Health, as plaintiff, filed suit against a number of defendants including Vapor Corp., its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Vape
Store, Inc., Vaporin and another wholly-owned subsidiary, Vaporin Florida, Inc. The lawsuit was filed in the Superior Court of
the State of California, County of Alameda. The suit seeks relief under California Proposition 65 which makes it unlawful for
businesses to knowingly and intentionally expose individuals in California to chemicals known to cause birth defects or other
harm without providing clear and reasonable warnings. All of the defendants are alleged to have sold products containing significant
quantities of nicotine without warnings in violation of Proposition 65. The plaintiff is seeking a civil penalty against these
defendants in the amount of $2,500 per day for each violation of Proposition 65, together with attorneys  fees and costs.
On April 6, 2016, the Company and the plaintiff entered into a settlement agreement, which required the Company to (1) make a
payment of $45,000 and (2) comply with enhanced product labeling requirements within a set implementation period as defined in
the consent judgment. The settlement cost was included in selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months and
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The settlement payment was made on May 2, 2016. 

Other Matters  

On March 2, 2016, Hudson Bay Master Fund
Ltd. ( HB ), filed an action against the Company in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York,
captioned Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. versus Vapor Corp., Index No. 651094/2016. This action alleged that the Company failed to
timely effect exercises of its Series A Warrants delivered by the plaintiff and seeks damages of $339,810. On May 10, 2016, solely
to avoid the costs, risks and uncertainties inherent in litigation, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with respect
to all claims included in the action by HB (the  HB Settlement ). The HB Settlement provided, among other things, that
the parties entered into and filed a stipulation of discontinuance that provided for the dismissal of the action against the Company
(the  HB Stipulation ). This action by HB was dismissed with prejudice. 

On June 2, 2016, four Series A Warrant
holders, filed an action against the Company in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, captioned Empery
Asset Master, LTD, Empery Tax Efficient, LP, Empery Tax Efficient II, LP and Intracoastal Capital, LLC versus Vapor Corp., Index
No. 652950/2016. This action alleged that the Company failed to timely effect exercises of its 

Table of Contents   

Series A Warrants delivered by the plaintiffs
and seeks aggregate damages of approximately $603,000. Between June 17 and June 22, 2016, solely to avoid the costs, risks and
uncertainties inherent in litigation, the Company entered into settlement agreements with respect to all claims included in the
Complaints (the  Settlements ). The Settlements provide, among other things, that the parties entered into and filed
a stipulation of discontinuance that provides for the dismissal of the Complaint (the  Stipulation ), and the holders
surrendered the balance of their Series A Warrant upon receipt of settlement payments. These actions were dismissed with prejudice. 

In August 2016, a patent infringement
action was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas by Vari-Volt Technologies, LCC against
the Company s subsidiary, The Vape Store, Inc.  The plaintiff is a non-practicing entity and is not a competitor of
the Company or The Vape Store, Inc.  The lawsuit concerns the alleged infringement of an electronic cigarette battery patent
held by the plaintiff.  The accused products are several models of Vision (a third party) batteries allegedly distributed
and sold by The Vape Store, Inc.  To date, no answer has been filed in the lawsuit and the Company intends to vigorously
defend these allegations.  The Company considers this a low-exposure matter and, in addition to a full defense, intends to
pursue alternative means of resolution.  At this time, it is not possible to estimate the loss exposure; however, we believe
any such exposure is not likely to have a material effect on the Company s financial position. 

Future events or circumstances, currently
unknown to management, will determine whether the resolution of pending or threatened litigation or claims will ultimately have
a material effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial position, liquidity or results of operations in any future
reporting periods. 

Purchase Commitments   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had vendor deposits of approximately $118,565 and $127,610, respectively, and vendor deposits are included as
a component of prepaid expenses and vendor deposits on the consolidated balance sheets included herewith. At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company had vendor deposits of approximately $0 and $183,326, respectively, for the vapor
wholesale business that are included as a component of discontinued operations prepaid expenses and vendor deposits on the
consolidated balance sheets included herewith. 

NOTE 14. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company evaluates events that have
occurred after the balance sheet date but before the condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. Based upon the evaluation,
the Company did not identify any recognized or non-recognized subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure
in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements other than those set forth below. 

On October 1, 2016, the Company
executed a three-year lease for its new corporate office facility at 3800 N. 28 th  Way, Hollywood Florida 33020 with
an annual base rent of $90,000. The Company incurred  $17,490 of costs in settlement of lease, including forfeiture of
the $12,000 security deposit, to exit the lease for its former corporate office space. The exit cost incurred for the former
office space was recorded in selling general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

On October 5, 2016, the Company amended and restated its Series
A Warrant Standstill Agreements to permit each consenting Series A warrant holder to effect a cashless exercise of the Series A
Warrants only on dates when the closing bid price used to determine the net number of shares to be issued upon exercise based on
the Black Scholes calculation, is at or above $0.0001 per share. Approximately 90% of the Series A Warrants are subject to the
Amended Standstill Agreements. 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere
in this report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those set forth under  Risk Factors  in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on April 8, 2016. The
terms  Vapor Corp.,   Vapor,   we,   us,   our,  and the  Company 
refer to Vapor Corp. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Vaporin, Inc., The Vape Store, Inc. ( Vape Store ), Smoke Anywhere
U.S.A., Inc. ( Smoke ), Emagine the Vape Store, LLC ( Emagine ), IVGI Acquisition, Inc., Vapormax Franchising
LLC., Vaporin LLC., Vaporin Florida, Inc., and Healthy Choice Markets, Inc. 

Company Overview   

Vapor Corp. is a retailer of vaporizers,
e-liquids and electronic cigarettes. The Company currently operates thirteen retail vape stores in the Southeast
of the United States. Vapor offers e-liquids, vaporizers, e-cigarettes and related products through our vape stores. 

On June 1, 2016, the Company acquired Ada s
Natural Market, a natural and organic grocery store, through its wholly owned subsidiary Healthy Choice Markets, Inc. The grocery
store has been a leader in the natural grocery market in Fort. Myers, Florida for the past 40 years, offering the fresh produce,
bulk foods, vitamins and supplements, packaged groceries, meat and seafood, deli, baked goods, dairy products, frozen foods, health
  beauty and natural household items and specializing in facilitating a healthy, well balanced lifestyle. In addition, the
grocery store provides a fresh caf , specialty coffee and organic juice bar. 

On February 1, 2016, the Company filed
an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized Common Stock to 5,000,000,000, and change its
par value to $0.0001 per share. On March 4, 2016, the Company filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to
effectuate a one-for-seventy reverse stock split to its Common Stock. On June 1, 2016, the Company filed an amendment to its Certificate
of Incorporation to effectuate a one-for-twenty thousand reverse stock split to its Common Stock. On August 4, 2016, an
amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed to increase the number of shares
of the authorized common stock from 5,000,000,000 to 750,000,000,000. All warrant, convertible preferred stock, option, Common
Stock shares and per share information included in these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements gives retroactive
effect to the aforementioned reverse splits of the Company s Common Stock. See Note 9- Stockholders  Deficit for additional
details regarding the Company s authorized capital. 

Going Concern and Liquidity   

The condensed consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and realization of assets
and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business and do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of any uncertainties related to our going concern assessment. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented
in the financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

In July 2015, the Company closed a registered
public offering of 3,761,657 Units (the  Units ). Collectively, the Units consisted of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ) convertible into 27 shares of common stock and Series A Warrants exercisable
into 54 shares of common stock (the  Series A Warrants ). The Units separated into the Series A Preferred Stock and
Series A Warrants as of January 25, 2016. Holders of Series A Warrants may exercise such warrants by paying the exercise price
in cash or, in lieu of payment of the exercise price in cash by electing to receive a cash payment from us (subject to certain
conditions not being met by the Company) equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined in the Series A Warrant) of the number of
shares of the Company s common stock (the  Common Stock ) the holder elects to exercise, which we refer to as
the Black Scholes Payment; provided, that we have discretion as to whether to deliver the Black Scholes Payment or, subject to
meeting certain conditions, to deliver shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock that the Company is obligated
to issue in connection with the exercise of the Series A Warrants is based on the closing bid price of the Common Stock two trading
days prior to the date of exercise. 

On May 2, 2016, the OTCQB staff notified
the Company that, based upon its non-compliance with the minimum $0.01 bid price requirement for the prior 30 consecutive business
days, the Company   in accordance with the OTCQB Standards   had been provided a grace period, through October 31,
2016, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. If the Company s common stock bid price did not close
at or above $0.01 for ten consecutive trading days by October 31, 2016, the Company would move to the OTC Pink marketplace.  If
a delisting from OTCQB took place, the  Company would no longer meet the  Equity Conditions  required 

Table of Contents   

to issue Company common stock to fulfill
a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 1(d) of its Series A Warrants. If the Company failed to meet certain conditions set forth
in the Series A Warrants, the Company may be required to elect to make cash payments to satisfy its obligations pursuant to the
Series A Warrants. 

On October 31, 2016, the Company received
notice from OTC Markets Group that the Company's common stock would be moved from the OTCQB to the OTC Pink marketplace on November
1, 2016, as a result of the Company's failure to cure its bid price deficiency. On November 1, 2016, the date of the  delisting
from OTCQB, the  Company no longer meets the  Equity Conditions  required to allow the Company to elect to issue
common stock to fulfill a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 1(d) of its Series A Warrants. Holders of the Series A Warrants
may still undertake a cashless exercise of their warrants and agree to permit the Company to issue common stock to fulfill such
exercise. 

On June 24, 2016, the Company determined
that it had insufficient shares of Common Stock authorized to allow for the exercise of the Series A Warrants or stock options,
or allow the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. On August 4, 2016 an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation was filed to increase the number of shares of the authorized common stock from 5,000,000,000 to 750,000,000,000.
If all of the warrants were exercised simultaneously at stock price lower than $0.0001, then the Company would not have sufficient
authorized common stock to satisfy all the warrant exercises and it may be required to use cash to pay warrant holders. Since
we cannot predict the future stock price and when the warrant holders will exercise warrants and sell the underlying common shares,
management cannot predict if the Company will have sufficient cash resources to satisfy its obligation to the current warrant
holders. The amounts payable to the holders of the Series A Warrants if all were fully exercised as of November 11,
2016 on a cashless basis would be approximately $64 million, using a Black Scholes Value of approximately $1,516,896
per Series A Warrant. 

The Company reported a net loss of approximately
$19.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company also had negative working capital of approximately
$33.4 million and a stockholders  deficit of approximately $28 million as of September 30, 2016. The Company expects
to continue incurring operating losses for the foreseeable future and may need to satisfy exercises of Series A Warrants on a
cashless basis. Accordingly, the material uncertainty related to the exercise of Series A Warrants and the sufficiency of cash
reserves to satisfy obligations related to such exercises raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

Factors Affecting Our Performance   

We believe the following factors affect
our performance: 

Vapor Retail  : We believe
the operating performance of our retail stores will affect our revenue and financial performance. The Company has a total of fourteen
retail stores, nine of which are in Florida, three of which are in Georgia, one of which is in Tennessee and one in Alabama. During
the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company abandoned its plans to increase the number of retail stores. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 the Company closed 7 stores due to declining performance and adverse industry trends and increasing federal
and state regulations that, if implemented, will negatively impact future retail revenues. 

Vapor Wholesale  : The Company
sold its wholesale business. The sale of the wholesale business was not contemplated prior to July 1, 2016. The sale transaction
was approved by the Company s Board of Director s on July 26, 2016 and completed on July 31, 2016. The sale of the
wholesale business qualifies as a discontinued operations and accordingly the Company has excluded results for the wholesale business
operations from the Company s continuing operations in the unaudited condensed consolidated Statements of Operations for
all periods presented. 

Online  : The Company changed
its online strategy and only sold online to wholesale customers. Multi-channel web affiliate programs were discontinued. The change
to online sales was made to improve cost efficiency. On July 31, 2016, the Company sold its wholesale online business. 

Vape Industry Regulation  :
On May 9, 2016, the Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ) adopted regulations to include e-cigarettes, vaporizers,
e-liquids under regulated tobacco products. The FDA will regulate e-vapor products, including requiring costly formal product
approvals, limiting the manufacture and distribution of e-vapor products and could materially and adversely affect our existing
retail and wholesale business.  A consequence of the FDA s product approval process could result in the number
of products available being limited. The FDA regulations and approval process could also make product development and manufacture
cost prohibitive for the Company.  Additionally, a reduction in available e-vapor products would diminish the need for our
dedicated retail stores. Beginning August 4, 2016, the FDA regulations will prevent the introduction of new product offerings
without FDA approval. The limitation on the new product offerings may adversely impact future revenues. 

Increased Vape Competition  :
We market and sell similar vaporizers and e-liquids as our competitors and we sell our products at substantially similar prices
as our competitors; accordingly, the key competitive factors for our success is maintain the quality of service we offer our customers
and effective marketing efforts. 

Grocery  : On June 1, 2016,
the Company, through its subsidiary Healthy Choice Markets, acquired an independent specialty grocery store, Ada s Natural
Market located in Fort Myers, Florida, that offers a wide selection natural and organic grocery items. The supermarket industry
is highly competitive and characterized by narrow profit margins. The Company competes directly with multiple retail formats, including
national, regional and local supermarket chains as well as warehouse clubs, supercenters, drug stores, fast food chains, restaurants,
and convenience stores. Healthy Choice Markets, Inc. ( HCM ) competes by using consistent high quality natural 

Table of Contents   

and organic products, superior customer
service, juice bar and prepared specialty foods for both take-home and in-store dining. The Ada s Natural Market loyalty
program also strengthens customer retention. The grocery store is expanding its fresh prepared food offering s and recently introduced
a specialty coffee bar and bakery as a complement to its juice bar. We believe we can improve our sales growth by enhancing our
customer-oriented shopping experience, as well as through expanding prepared food offerings, our personalized marketing efforts,
through print, digital and social media platforms, and our in-store education programs. 

Food Safety:   The Company
could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of the food supply chain.  Adverse
publicity about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, could discourage consumers from buying our products.  The
real or perceived sale of contaminated food products by us could result in a loss of consumer confidence and product liability
claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operations .  

Impact of Inflation:   Inflation
and deflation in the prices of food and other products we sell may affect our sales, gross profit and gross margin. The short-term
impact of inflation and deflation is largely dependent on whether or not the effects are passed through to our customers, which
is subject to competitive market conditions. Food inflation and deflation is affected by a variety of factors and our determination
of whether to pass on the effects of inflation or deflation to our customers is made in conjunction with our overall pricing and
marketing strategies. Although we may experience periodic effects on sales, gross profit and gross margins as a result of changing
prices, the effect of inflation could have an adverse impact on our future revenues. 

Results of Operations  

The following table sets forth our Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 that is
used in the following discussions of our results of operations: 

Table of Contents   

Net vapor sales increased $160,144 to $1,474,581
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,314,437 for the same period in 2015. The increase in sales is primarily
due to the increased number of stores open during 2016 of twenty, compared to eight retail stores acquired by us in connection
with our acquisition of Vaporin in March of 2015. Sales for five Florida and two Georgia retail stores were not sufficient to recover
operating costs and the decision was made to close these stores by September 30, 2016. 

Net grocery store sales increased $1,575,037
with the June 1, 2016 acquisition of the grocery store and represents three months sales for Ada s Natural Market. 

Vapor cost of goods sold for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $655,856 and $405,119, respectively, an increase of $250,737. The increase is due
to an increase in sales from our retail stores and the increase in the write down of slow moving and obsolete inventory for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, charges to cost of goods sold were recorded for approximately $58,078 and $0, respectively.
Gross profit from retail stores was $818,725 and $909,318 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Grocery store cost of goods sold increased
$939,606 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Gross profit from the grocery store was $635,431 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
increased $227,322, to $2,492,321 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2,264,999 for the same period in
2015. The increase is primarily attributable to an increase of approximately $656,581 of selling, general and administrative expenses
incurred for the quarter for the grocery store and an increase for insurance expense of $171,476 offset by a decrease in professional
fees of $458,874. 

During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company closed one retail vape store. In connection with the retail vape store closing the
Company incurred approximately $9,243 of exit costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016. During the three months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not close any retail vape kiosks located in malls, all of the kiosks were closed by
June 30, 2015. In connection with the retail kiosk closings, the Company incurred approximately $430,334 of exit costs
for non-cancellable leases for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net other income and expenses of $1,356,606
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 included a $4,812,510 non-cash net loss change in the fair value of derivatives
and $3,437,221 gain on warrant repurchases recorded in connection to the repurchase and cancelation of certain Series A Warrants.
Net other income and expenses of $36,502,364 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 includes a $45,209,758 change in the
fair value of the derivatives, $5,279,003 of costs associated with the underwriting of our July 29, 2015 public offering, stock-based
expense of $1,757,420 incurred in connection with the Waiver agreement, $100,654 of amortization of deferred debt discounts and
financing costs, and $1,544,044 of loss on debt extinguishment, interest expense of $33,456, offset by $7,183 of interest income. 

The following table shows the results of
the Company s wholesale vapor operations included in the income (loss) from discontinued operations. 

The Company sold its wholesale
vapor business on July 31, 2016 and accordingly, the activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016 represents one
month of wholesale business operations. Net wholesale vapor sales decreased by $1,283,309 to $281,398 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,564,707 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Wholesale vapor cost of
goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $203,482 and $1,455,737, respectively, a decrease of
$1,252,255. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by approximately $1,114,000 primarily due to the decreases
in legal expense of $675,000, payroll and related employee expenses of $150,000, advertising costs of $69,000, and travel
expenses of $32,900. 

Table of Contents   

The following table sets forth our Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 that is used
in the following discussions of our results of operations: 

Net vapor sales increased $2,185,780 to
$5,313,849 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $3,128,069 for the same period in 2015. The increase in
sales is primarily due to the increased number of stores open during 2016 of twenty, compared to eight retail stores acquired
by us in connection with our acquisition of Vaporin in March of 2015. Sales for five Florida and two Georgia retail stores were
not sufficient to recover operating costs and the decision was made to close these stores by September 30, 2016. The Company
operated thirteen retail vape stores as of September 30, 2016. 

Net grocery store sales were $2,085,293
with the June 1, 2016 acquisition of the grocery store and represents a four months of sales for Ada s Natural Market. 

Vapor cost of goods sold for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $2,441,715 and $1,268,605, respectively an increase of $1,173,110. The increase is due to
increased sales from our retail stores and an increase in write down of slow moving and obsolete inventory for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Charges to cost of goods sold were recorded for approximately $304,342 and $0, respectively,
for obsolete and slow moving wholesale inventories for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Gross profit from retail
stores increased by $1,012,670 to $2,872,134 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1,859,464 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Table of Contents   

Grocery store cost of goods sold increased
$1,251,872 with the June 1, 2016 acquisition of the grocery store and represents four months cost of goods sold for Ada s
Natural Market. Gross profit from the grocery store was $833,421 for the four months ended September 30, 2016. 

Selling general and administrative expenses
increased $277,144 to $7,122,621 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $6,845,477 for the same period in 2015.
The increase is primarily attributable to an increase of approximately $1,047,764 of selling, general and administrative expenses
incurred for the quarter for the grocery store. There is an increase in payroll
and employee related expenses of $1,300,828 due to an increase in headcount from the grocery store offset by a decrease in headcount
from the Vape Stores. Professional fees decreased by $591,656 primarily due to the decrease in legal expense for the patent defense. Stock based compensation expense decreased by $551,783 primarily due to the decrease in a director who was highly
compensated through stock options. Insurance increased by $165,366 due to an increase in directors and officer s insurance
for 2016 and advertising expense decreased by $44,207. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 the Company closed five retail vape stores. In connection with the retail store closings the Company incurred approximately
$342,503 in store closing costs. Losses on disposal of computer equipment, furniture and fixtures was $103,312, $183,890 of exit
cost for non-cancellable leases and $55,300 of other cost for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company closed seven retail vape kiosk located in malls. In connection with the retail kiosk closings,
the Company incurred approximately $478,729 of losses on disposal of computer equipment, furniture and fixtures and $241,243 of
exit costs for non-cancellable leases for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Company concluded that goodwill was
impaired and recorded an impairment charges of $1,199,484 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company determined
its trade names and technology carrying value exceeded the potential cash flow from their disposition. The Company recorded an
impairment charge of $778,345 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Net other income and expense of $13,274,459
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included a $18,489,507 non-cash net loss from the change in the fair value of the
derivatives, offset by $5,189,484 loss on debt extinguishment recorded in connection to repurchase of Series A Warrants Net other
income and expenses of $35,559,236 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 include a $47,405,025 non-cash gain from the change
in the fair value of derivatives, $5,279,003 of costs associated with the underwriting of our July 29, 2015 public offering, stock-based
expense of $3,871,309 incurred in connection with the Waiver agreement, $977,938 of amortization of deferred debt discounts and
financing costs, and $1,544,044 of loss on debt extinguishment, interest expense of $181,994, offset by $8,499 of interest income. 

The Company sold its wholesale vapor
business on July 31, 2016 and accordingly the activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 represents seven months
of wholesale business operations. Net wholesale vapor sales decreased by $1,105,264 to $3,125,736 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 as compared to $4,231,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net sales decreased during the
third quarter of 2016 due to the seven-month period of operations in 2016 as compared to the nine-month period in 2015 and
sales declines due to customer cautionary reaction to the FDA regulations. Wholesale vapor cost of goods sold for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $2,832,564 and $3,894,965 respectively, a decrease of $1,062,401. The decrease
is primarily due to the decrease in sales and increase in write down of slow moving and obsolete inventory. Selling, general
and administrative expenses decreased by approximately $2,210,000 primarily due to the decrease in payroll and related
employee expenses of $1,369,000, professional fees of $367,100, advertising of $117,700, insurance of $117,000, rent and
related recurring expenses of $97,000 travel expenses of $58,000 and postage and delivery of $65,000. 

Table of Contents   

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Our net cash used in continuing operating
activities of $3,954,110 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted from our net loss from continuing operations
of $19,011,857, a net cash usage of $941,592 from changes in operating assets and liabilities offset by non-cash adjustments
of $15,999,339. Our net cash used in discontinued operations of $2,996,504 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 resulted from our net loss from discontinued operations of $777,119, a net cash usage of $2,536,286 from changes
in assets and liabilities from discontinued operations offset by non-cash adjustments of $316,901. Our net cash used in
continuing operating activities of $9,637,635 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted from our net income from continuing
operations of $29,853,252 and by net cash usage of $1,599,036 from changes in operating assets and liabilities and by non-cash
adjustments of $37,891,851. Our net cash used in discontinued operations of $983,526 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
resulted from our net loss from discontinued operations of $2,944,480, offset by a net cash provided of $1,960,956
from changes in assets and liabilities from discontinued operations.  

The net cash used in investing activities
of $3,200,610 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted from the acquisition of grocery store business assets
for $2,910,612 and purchases of $29,763 of property and equipment, proceeds of $100,000 from the sale of tradename, offset by
a $500,000 issuance of a note receivable less $139,765 of collection. The net cash used in investing activities of $65,596
for the nine months ended September 30,2015 is due to the collection of a $467,095 loan receivable and $136,468 of cash received
in connection with the Merger with Vaporin, offset by $454,393 for the acquisition of vapor store businesses and $194,766 of property
and equipment purchases. 

The net cash used in financing activities
of $3,328,877 for the nine month ended September 30, 2016 is due to repurchases of Series A warrants totaling $3,278,827 and payment
of $50,050 of capital lease obligation. The increase in cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 is due to proceeds of $41,378,227 from the July 29, 2015 public offering of Series A Units, net proceeds of $2,941,960
from a private place of common stock and warrants less $196,250 of offering costs, net proceeds of $1,662,500 from the issuance
of convertible debenture, and $350,000 of loan proceeds from Vaporin offset by the debt repayments of $1,750,000 of convertible
debentures, and $1,250,000 of senior notes payables to related parties. $1,000,000 of notes payable to related party, $567,000
of convertible notes payable, $750,000 of a term loan payable, and $33,760 of a capital lease obligation. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, we did not have any material financial guarantees or other contractual commitments with vendors that are reasonably likely
to have an adverse effect on liquidity. 

Our cash balances are kept liquid to support
our acquisition and infrastructure needs for operational expansion. The majority of our cash and cash equivalents are concentrated
in one large financial institution. 

The Company reported a net loss of approximately
$19.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company also had negative working capital of approximately
$33.4 million and a stockholders  deficit of approximately $28 million as of September 30, 2016. The Company expects
to continue incurring losses before the impact of changes in fair value of derivatives for the foreseeable future and may need
to raise additional capital to satisfy warrant obligations, and to continue as a going concern. The amounts payable to the holders
of the Series A Warrants if all were fully exercised as of November 11, 2016 on a cashless basis would be approximately $64
million, using a Black Scholes Value of approximately $1,516,896 per Series A Warrant. As of November 11, 2016 the
Company had approximately $13.4 million of cash. The decrease in cash from September 30, 2016 is primarily attributable to operating
expenses. 

On May 2, 2016, the OTCQB staff notified
the Company that, based upon its non-compliance with the minimum $0.01 bid price requirement for the prior 30 consecutive business
days, the Company   in accordance with the OTCQB Standards   has been provided 

Table of Contents   

a grace period, through October 31, 2016,
to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. If the Company s common stock bid price does not close at or
above $0.01 for a period of ten consecutive trading days by October 31, 2016, the Company will be moved to the OTC Pink marketplace.
On October 31, 2016, the Company received notice from OTC Markets Group that the Company's common stock would be moved from the
OTCQB to the OTC Pink marketplace on November 1, 2016, as a result of the Company's failure to cure its bid price deficiency. On
November 1, 2016, the date of the  delisting from OTCQB, the  Company no longer meets the  Equity
Conditions  required to allow the Company to elect to issue common stock to fulfill a cashless exercise pursuant to Section
1(d) of its Series A Warrants. Holders of the Series A Warrants may still undertake a cashless exercise of their warrants and agree
to permit the Company to issue common stock to fulfill such exercise. 

If the Company fails to meet certain conditions
set forth in the Series A Warrants, the Company may be required to elect to make cash payments to satisfy its obligations pursuant
to the Series A Warrants. We cannot predict if the Company will have sufficient cash resources to satisfy our obligations to the
holders of Series A Warrants. If all of the warrants were exercised simultaneously at stock price lower than $0.0001, then the
Company would not have sufficient authorized common stock to satisfy all the warrant exercises and it may be required to use cash
to pay warrant holders. Since we cannot predict the future stock price and when the warrant holders will exercise warrants and
sell the underlying common shares, management cannot predict if the Company will have sufficient cash resources to satisfy its
obligation to the current warrant holders. Accordingly, we have concluded that the material uncertainty related to the exercise
of the Series A Warrants and the sufficiency of cash reserves to satisfy obligations raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Seasonality  

We do not consider our vapor business to be
seasonal. Our grocery business is subject to modest seasonality. Our sales fluctuate throughout the year and are highest
in the first quarter and fourth quarter of the fiscal year. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This report includes forward-looking statements
including statements regarding retail expansion, the future demand for our products, the transition to vaporizer and other products,
competition, the adequacy of our cash resources and our authorized Common Stock, and our continued ability to raise. 

The words  believe,   may, 
 estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   should,   plan, 
 could,   target,   potential,   is likely,   will,   expect 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect
our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. 

The results anticipated by any or all of
these forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ from those in the
forward-looking statements include our future Common Stock price, the timing of future warrant exercises and stock sales, having
the authorized capital to issue stock to exercising Series A warrant holders, customer acceptance of our products, and proposed
federal and state regulation. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as
the result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2016. Based
on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

During the quarter ended September 30,
2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required
by paragraph (d) of Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Table of Contents   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

Fontem Matters  

Effective December 16, 2015, the Company
entered into a confidential Settlement Agreement and a non-exclusive royalty-bearing confidential Global License Agreement ( License
Agreement ) with Fontem Ventures B.V. ( Fontem ) resulting in the dismissal of all of the aforementioned patent
infringement cases by Fontem against the Company. The estimated settlement fee of approximately $1.7 million was included in selling,
general and administrative expenses and in accrued expense at December 31, 2015. On January 15, 2016, the Company made a payment
of $1.7 million under the terms of the Settlement and License Agreements. In connection with the License Agreement, Fontem granted
the Company a non-exclusive license to certain of its products. As consideration, the Company will make quarterly license and royalty
payments to Fontem based on the sale of qualifying products as defined in the License Agreement. The term of the License Agreement
will continue until all of the patents on the products subject to the agreement are no longer enforceable. 

California Center for Environmental
Health Matters  

On June 22, 2015, the Center for Environmental
Health, as plaintiff, filed suit against a number of defendants including Vapor Corp., its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Vape
Store, Inc., Vaporin and another wholly-owned subsidiary, Vaporin Florida, Inc. The lawsuit was filed in the Superior Court of
the State of California, County of Alameda. The suit seeks relief under California Proposition 65 which makes it unlawful for
businesses to knowingly and intentionally expose individuals in California to chemicals known to cause birth defects or other
harm without providing clear and reasonable warnings. All of the defendants are alleged to have sold products containing significant
quantities of nicotine without warnings in violation of Proposition 65. The plaintiff is seeking a civil penalty against these
defendants in the amount of $2,500 per day for each violation of Proposition 65, together with attorneys  fees and costs.
On April 6, 2016, the Company and the plaintiff entered into a settlement agreement, which required the Company to (1) make a
payment of $45,000 and (2) comply with enhanced product labeling requirements within a set implementation period as defined in
the consent judgment. The settlement cost was included in selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The settlement payment was made on May 2, 2016. 

Other Matters  

On March 2, 2016, Hudson Bay Master Fund
Ltd. ( HB ), filed an action against the Company in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York,
captioned Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. versus Vapor Corp., Index No. 651094/2016. This action alleged that the Company failed to
timely effect exercises of its Series A Warrants delivered by the plaintiff and seeks damages of $339,810. On May 10, 2016, solely
to avoid the costs, risks and uncertainties inherent in litigation, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with respect
to all claims included in the action by HB (the  HB Settlement ). The HB Settlement provided, among other things, that
the parties would enter into and file a stipulation of discontinuance that provides for the dismissal of the action against the
Company (the  HB Stipulation ). This action by HB was dismissed with prejudice. 

On June 2, 2016, four Series A Warrant
holders, filed an action against the Company in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, captioned Empery
Asset Master, LTD, Empery Tax Efficient, LP, Empery Tax Efficient II, LP and Intracoastal Capital, LLC versus Vapor Corp., Index
No. 652950/2016. This action alleged that the Company failed to timely effect exercises of its Series A Warrants delivered by the
plaintiffs and seeks aggregate damages of approximately $603,000. Between June 17 and June 22, 2016, solely to avoid the costs,
risks and uncertainties inherent in litigation, the Company entered into settlement agreements with respect to all claims included
in the Complaints (the  Settlements ). The Settlements provide, among other things, that the parties would enter into
and file a stipulation of discontinuance that provides for the dismissal of the Complaint (the  Stipulation ), and
the holders would surrender the balance of their Series A Warrant upon receipt of settlement payments. These actions were dismissed
with prejudice. 

In August 2016, a patent infringement
action was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas by Vari-Volt Technologies, LCC against
the Company s subsidiary, The Vape Store, Inc.  The plaintiff is a non-practicing entity and is not a competitor of
the Company or The Vape Store, Inc.  The lawsuit concerns the alleged infringement of an electronic cigarette battery patent
held by the plaintiff.  The accused products are several models of Vision (a third party) batteries allegedly distributed
and sold by The Vape Store, Inc.  To date, no answer has been filed in the lawsuit and the Company intends to vigorously
defend these allegations.  The Company considers this a low-exposure matter and, in addition to a full defense, intends to
pursue alternative means of resolution.  At this time, it is not possible to estimate the loss exposure; however, we believe
any such exposure is not likely to have a material effect on the Company s financial position. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

Not Applicable. 

Table of Contents   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

Not Applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

See the exhibits listed
in the accompanying  Index to Exhibits.  

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

VAPOR CORP.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Jeffrey Holman    

Jeffrey Holman   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Gina Hicks    

Gina Hicks   

Chief Financial Officer   

Table of Contents   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS  

Exhibit   

Incorporated
    by Reference   
      
       Filed or  
     Furnished    
 
       No.   
      
       Exhibit Description   
      
       Form   
      
       Date   
      
       Number   
      
       Herewith    
 
      1.1  
      
      Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 29, 2016, by and between Vapor Corp. and VPR Brands,
    L.P.  
      
      8-K  
      
      August 3, 2016  
      
      1.1  

3.1  
      
      Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
    Vapor Corp.   
      
      8-K  
      
      August 5, 2016  
      
      3.1  

31.1  
      
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer (302)  

Filed   
 
      31.2  
      
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer (302)  

Filed   
 
      32.1  
      
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer (906)  

Furnished *   
 
      32.2  
      
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer (906)  

Furnished   
 
      101.INS  
      
      XBRL Instance Document  

Filed   
 
      101.SCH  
      
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

Filed   
 
      101.CAL  
      
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

Filed   
 
      101.DEF  
      
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

Filed   
 
      101.LAB  
      
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

Filed   
 
      101.PRE  
      
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

Filed   

* This exhibit is being furnished rather
than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602711_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

I, Jeffrey Holman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vapor Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Jeffrey Holman    

Jeffrey Holman    

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602711_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

I, Gina Hicks, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Vapor Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Gina Hicks    

Gina Hicks    

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1602711_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with
the quarterly report of Vapor Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jeffrey Holman, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as
adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  
      The quarterly report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and   

2.  
      The information contained in the quarterly report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Jeffrey Holman    

Jeffrey Holman    

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1602711_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with
the quarterly report of Vapor Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Gina Hicks, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted
pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  
      The quarterly report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and   

2.  
      The information contained in the quarterly report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Gina Hicks    

Gina Hicks    

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 vpco-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vpco-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vpco-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vpco-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vpco-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vpco-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

