<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_6494_0001206774-16-007555_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3691457</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99854</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>239106</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>750644</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1650985</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>878266</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-16-007555.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114160026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-16-007555
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ANDREA ELECTRONICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000006494
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				110482020
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04324
		FILM NUMBER:		161994630

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		620 JOHNSON AVENUE SUITE 1-B
		CITY:			BOHEMIA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(631) 719-1800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		620 JOHNSON AVENUE SUITE 1-B
		CITY:			BOHEMIA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11716

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANDREA RADIO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19911204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-16-007555.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 andrea3033895-10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES
     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549    
   FORM 10-Q      

(Mark One)    

(X)  
      QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
      TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the
      quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

OR   

(   )  
      TRANSITION
      REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
      1934   

For the
      transition period from __________ to
__________     
  Commission file number
1-4324   
  --------   
  ANDREA ELECTRONICS
CORPORATION
 --------------------------------------------------------------------- (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

New York  
      
      11-0482020  

(State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. employer identification
    no.)  

incorporation or organization)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
   No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes
   No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer 
and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one)

Large
      Accelerated Filer    

Accelerated Filer  

Non-Accelerated Filer  

Smaller Reporting Company       

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No         
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes
of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: As of November 10, 2016,
there were 64,914,935 common shares outstanding.     
  -  

PART I. FINANCIAL
INFORMATION    
   ITEM 1. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    
   ANDREA ELECTRONICS
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  
  See Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  2     

ANDREA ELECTRONICS
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES    
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)   
  
  See Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.   
  3     

ANDREA         ELECTRONICS    
    CORPORATION     AND     SUBSIDIARIES    
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY    FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
   (UNAUDITED)   
  
  See Notes to   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.     
  4     

ANDREA ELECTRONICS
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  (UNAUDITED)

See Notes to Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements.   
  5     

Note 1.         Basis of Presentation    
   Basis of
Presentation    - The accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements include the
accounts of Andrea Electronics Corporation and its subsidiaries ( Andrea  or the
 Company ). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.   
  These unaudited condensed
consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form
10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes
required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In addition, the December
31, 2015 balance sheet data was derived from the audited consolidated financial
statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. In the
opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals)
considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The results of
operations of any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results
of operations to be expected for any other interim period or for the fiscal
year.   
  These unaudited condensed
consolidated interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ) on March 29, 2016. The accounting policies used in
preparing these unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements
are consistent with those described in the December 31, 2015 audited
consolidated financial statements.   
   Note 2.         Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    
   Loss Per
Share    - Loss per share is
computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss adjusts basic loss per share
for the effects of convertible securities, stock options and other potentially
dilutive financial instruments, only in the periods in which such effect is
dilutive. Diluted loss per share are based on the assumption that all dilutive
convertible shares and stock options were converted or exercised. Dilution is
computed by applying the treasury stock method for the outstanding options, and
the if-converted method for the outstanding convertible instruments. Under the
treasury stock method, options are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of
the period (or at the time of issuance, if later) and as if funds obtained
thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during
the period. Under the if-converted method, outstanding convertible instruments
are assumed to be converted into common stock at the beginning of the period (or
at the time of issuance, if later). Securities that could potentially dilute
basic earnings per share ( EPS ) in the future that were not included in the
computation of the diluted EPS because to do so would have been anti-dilutive
for the periods presented, consist of the following:   
  
   Cash    - Cash includes cash and highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less. At various times
during the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
had cash deposits in excess of the maximum amounts insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company s cash was held at four financial
institutions.  
   Concentration of Credit
Risk    - The following customers
accounted for 10% or more of Andrea s consolidated total revenues during at
least one of the periods presented below:   
 
 ____________________
 
         *       Amounts
are less than 10%   
  6     

As of September 30, 2016,
Customer A, B and F accounted for approximately 8%, 17% and 26%, respectively,
of accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2015, Customer A and B accounted for
approximately 1% and 6%, respectively, of accounts receivable.   
   Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts    - The Company performs
on-going credit evaluations of its customers and adjusts credit limits based
upon payment history and the customer s current credit worthiness, as determined
by the review of their current credit information. Collections and payments from
customers are continuously monitored. The Company maintains an allowance for
doubtful accounts, which is based upon historical experience as well as specific
customer collection issues that have been identified. While such bad debt
expenses have historically been within expectations and allowances established,
the Company cannot guarantee that it will continue to experience the same credit
loss rates that it has in the past. If the financial condition of customers were
to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments,
additional allowances may be required.   
   Inventories    - Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (on
a first-in, first-out) or market basis. The cost of inventory is based on the
respective cost of materials. Andrea reviews its inventory reserve for
obsolescence on a quarterly basis and establishes reserves on inventories based
on the specific identification method as well as a general reserve. Andrea
records changes in inventory reserves as part of cost of revenues.   
  
   Long-Lived
Assets    - Andrea accounts for its
long-lived assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
360  Property, Plant and Equipment  for purposes of determining and measuring
impairment of its long-lived assets (primarily intangible assets) other than
goodwill. Andrea s policy is to periodically review the value assigned to its
long-lived assets to determine if they have been permanently impaired by adverse
conditions which may affect Andrea whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If Andrea identifies a
permanent impairment such that the carrying amount of Andrea s long lived assets
is not recoverable using the sum of an undiscounted cash flow projection (gross
margin dollars from product revenues), the impaired asset is adjusted to its
estimated fair value, based on an estimate of future discounted cash flows which
becomes the new cost basis for the impaired asset. Considerable management
judgment is necessary to estimate undiscounted future operating cash flows and
fair values and, accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from such
estimates. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Andrea concluded that
Intangibles and long-lived assets were not required to be tested for
recoverability.   
   Revenue
Recognition    - Non
software-related revenue, which is generally comprised of microphones and
microphone connectivity product revenues, is recognized when title and risk of
loss pass to the customer, which is generally upon shipment. With respect to
licensing revenues, Andrea recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 985,
 Software  and ASC 605  Revenue Recognition.  License revenue is recognized
based on the terms and conditions of individual contracts. In addition, fee
based services, which are short-term in nature, are generally performed on a
time-and-material basis under separate service arrangements and the
corresponding revenue is generally recognized as the services are
performed.  
   Income
Taxes    - Andrea accounts for
income taxes in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes.  ASC 740 requires an
asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income
taxes and establishes for all entities a minimum threshold for financial
statement recognition of the benefit of tax positions, and requires certain
expanded disclosures. The provision for income taxes is based upon income or
loss after adjustment for those permanent items that are not considered in the
determination of taxable income. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects
of differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of the Company s
assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which
the differences are expected to reverse. The Company evaluates the
recoverability of deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company
had recorded a full valuation allowance. Andrea expects it will reduce its
valuation allowance in future periods to the extent that it can demonstrate its
ability to utilize the assets. Management makes judgments as to the
interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause
changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In management s opinion,
adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual
taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances
or reversals of reserves may be necessary. Income tax expense consists of taxes
payable for the period, withholding of income tax as mandated by the foreign
jurisdiction in which the revenues are earned withholding of income tax as
mandated by the foreign jurisdiction in which the revenues are earned and the
change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company has
identified its federal tax return and its state tax return in New York as
"major" tax jurisdictions. Based  on the
Company's evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant
uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company's condensed
consolidated interim financial statements. The Company's evaluation was
performed for tax years ended 2012 through 2015. The Company believes that its
income tax positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and does not
anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material change to its
financial position.    
  7     

Stock-Based
Compensation    - At September 30,
2016, Andrea had two stock-based employee compensation plans, which are
described more fully in Note 7. Andrea accounts for stock-based compensation in
accordance with ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation.  ASC 718
establishes accounting for stock-based awards exchanged for employee services.
Under the provisions of ASC 718, stock-based compensation cost is measured at
the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as
expense over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting
period of the equity grant). The fair value of the Company s common stock
options are estimated using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the
following assumptions: expected volatility, dividend rate, risk free interest
rate and the expected life. The Company expenses stock-based compensation by
using the straight-line method. In accordance with ASC 718, excess tax benefits
realized from the exercise of stock-based awards are classified in cash flows
from financing activities. The future realization of the reserved deferred tax
assets related to these tax benefits associated with the exercise of stock
options will result in a credit to additional paid in capital if the related tax
deduction reduces taxes payable. The Company has elected the  with and without
approach  regarding ordering of windfall tax benefits to determine whether the
windfall tax benefit did reduce taxes payable in the current year. Under this
approach, the windfall tax benefit would be recognized in additional
paid-in-capital only if an incremental tax benefit is realized after considering
all other benefits presently available.   
   Use of
Estimates    - The preparation of
condensed consolidated interim financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated interim financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period.   
  Management bases its estimates
on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources. The most significant estimates, among other
things, are used in accounting for allowances for bad debts, inventory valuation
and obsolescence, product warranty, depreciation, deferred income taxes,
expected realizable values for assets (primarily intangible assets),
contingencies, revenue recognition as well as the recording and presentation of
the Company s convertible preferred stock. Estimates and assumptions are
periodically reviewed and the effects of any material revisions are reflected in
the condensed consolidated interim financial statements in the period that they
are determined to be necessary. Actual results could differ from those estimates
and assumptions.   
   Recent Accounting
Pronouncements    - In May 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update
("ASU") No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers" (Topic 606), which
supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605, "Revenue
Recognition," and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU is based on the
principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also
requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from costs incurred to
obtain or fulfill a contract. The amendments in the ASU must be applied using
one of two retrospective methods and are effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2016. On July 9, 2015, the FASB modified
ASU 2014-09 to be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. As
modified, the FASB permits the adoption of the new revenue standard early, but
not before the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. A public
organization would apply the new revenue standard to all interim reporting
periods within the year of adoption. The Company will evaluate the effects, if
any, that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements.
  
  In November 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  ( ASU
2015-17 ). The standard requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be
classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. ASU
2015-17 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. ASU 2015-17 may
be applied either prospectively, for all deferred tax assets and liabilities, or
retrospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this standard
will have on its financial statements.   
  In January 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  This standard requires that a
lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from operating leases. A
lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to
make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing
its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term
of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy
election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease
liabilities. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and
measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a
modified retrospective approach. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
years, beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact the adoption of this new standard will have on its financial
statements.
  
  8     

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Principal
versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  ( ASU
2016-08 ). ASU No. 2016-08 maintains the core principles of Topic 606 on revenue
recognition, but clarifies whether an entity is a principal or an agent in a
contract and the appropriate revenue recognition principles under each of these
circumstances. The amendments in ASU 2016-08 affect the guidance of ASU 2014-09
which is not yet effective. The Company will evaluate the effects, if any, that
adoption of this guidance will have on its financial statements.   
  In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU No. 2016-09 includes provisions
to simplify certain aspects related to the accounting for share-based awards and
the related financial statement presentation. This ASU includes a requirement
that the tax effect related to the settlement of share-based awards be recorded
in income tax benefit or expense in the statements of earnings. This change is
required to be adopted prospectively in the period of adoption. In addition, the
ASU modifies the classification of certain share-based payment activities within
the statements of cash flows and these changes are required to be applied
retrospectively to all periods presented, or in certain cases prospectively,
beginning in the period of adoption. ASU No. 2016-09 is effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods
within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new standard will have on
its financial statements.   
  In April 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) -
Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.  ASU No. 2016-10 maintains
the core principles of Topic 606 on revenue recognition, but clarifies
identification of performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance.
The amendments in ASU 2016-10 affect the guidance of ASU 2014-09 which is not
yet effective. The Company will evaluate the effects, if any, that adoption of
this guidance will have on its financial statements.   
  In May 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Narrow-
Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  ASU No. 2016-12 maintains the core
principles of Topic 606 on revenue recognition, but addresses collectability,
sales tax presentation, noncash consideration, contract modifications at
transition and completed contracts at transition. The amendments in ASU 2016-12
affect the guidance of ASU 2014-09 which is not yet effective. The Company will
evaluate the effects, if any, that adoption of this guidance will have on its
financial statements.   
  In June 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326)  
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  ASU No. 2016-13 provides
financial statement readers more decision-useful information about the expected
credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit
held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The Company will evaluate the
effects, if any, that adoption of this guidance will have on its financial
statements.   
  In August 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of
Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU No. 2016-15 addresses eight
specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity
in practice. It is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, this guidance
will have on its financial statements.   
   Reclassifications    -
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year
presentation. The reclassifications did not have any effect on reported
consolidated net loss for the periods presented.   
   Subsequent
Events    - The Company evaluates
events that occurred after the balance sheet date but before the condensed
consolidated interim financial statements are issued. Based upon the evaluation
the Company did not identify any recognized or non-recognized subsequent events
that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the condensed consolidated
interim financial statements.   

  9     

Note 3.         Revenue Sharing, Note Purchase Agreement and Long-Term Debt
   
  On December 24, 2014, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Revenue Sharing and Note Purchase Agreement (the
 Revenue Sharing Agreement ), with AND34 Funding LLC ( AND34 ) (acting as the  Revenue Participants,  the  Note
Purchasers,  and the  Collateral Agent ), which was retroactively effective as of February 14, 2014. Under the Revenue Sharing
Agreement, the Company granted AND34 a perpetual predetermined share in the rights of the Company s specified future revenues
from patents ( Monetization Revenues ) currently owned by the Company (the  Patents ) in exchange for $3,500,000, which was
originally recorded as an  Advance from Revenue Sharing Agreement  on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and has
been fully repaid as of September 30, 2016. AND34 s rights to the Company s Monetization Revenues (as defined in the Revenue
Sharing Agreement) from the Patents and the Notes are secured by the Patents. Under the terms of the Revenue Sharing Agreement
with AND34, Andrea issued and sold to AND34 Notes of $10,800,000 of which have been repaid as of September 30, 2016. On August 10, 2016, Andrea and AND34 executed a Rider to the Revenue Sharing Agreement ( Rider ). Under the Rider, Andrea has
agreed to issue and sell to AND34 Additional Notes up to an aggregate original amount of $7,000,000, or such greater amount as
AND34 may agree to in its sole discretion, during the four year period beginning on the date of execution of the Rider. The
Additional Notes will have a Maturity date of August 31, 2020. The proceeds of the Additional Notes will be used to pay certain
expenses related to the Revenue Sharing Agreement, and be used for expenses of the Company incurred in pursuing patent
monetization. As of September 30, 2016, the Company issued $1,000,000 in Additional Notes to pay Monetization Expenses.  
  Any Monetization Revenues will first be applied 100% to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on, and then to repay
outstanding principal of, the Additional Notes. After the Additional Notes are paid in full, the Monetization Revenues will be
allocated amongst the Revenue Participants and the Company in accordance with certain predetermined percentages (based on
aggregate amounts received by the Revenue Participants) ranging from 50% to the Revenue Participants to ultimately 20% to the
Revenue Participants. Monetization Revenues is defined in the Revenue Sharing Agreement to include, but is not limited to,
amounts that the Company receives from third parties with respect to the Patents, which may include new license revenues, certain
product revenue, payments and judgments. Monetization Revenues and associated expenses are included in the Company s Patent
Monetization Segment (Note 8). For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there was approximately $2,944,000 of non-recurring
monetization revenues recognized for patent licensing agreements entered into during 2016. During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, there was a one-time change to the method of the calculation on distribution of Monetization Revenue
under the Monetization Revenue Sharing Agreement in which the Company recorded and paid licensing revenue sharing expense of
approximately $290,000.  
  The Revenue Sharing Agreement
contains many stipulations between the parties regarding the handling of various
matters related to the monetization of the Patents. The Revenue Participants and
the Company will account for the tax treatment as set forth in the Revenue
Sharing Agreement.  
   Advance from Revenue
Sharing Agreement      
  
  Amount reported as short-term
Advance from the Revenue Sharing Agreement reflect amount expected to be paid
within the next twelve months.   
   Long-term
debt      
  
  The unpaid principal amount of the Notes (including any PIK Interest) have an interest rate equal to LIBOR (as defined in the
Revenue Sharing Agreement) plus 2% per annum, (3% at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015); provided that upon and
during the continuance of an Event of Default (as set forth in the Revenue Sharing Agreement), the interest rate will increase an
additional 2% per annum. Interest may be paid in cash at the option of the Company and otherwise shall be paid by increasing the
principal amount of the Additional Notes by the amount of such interest ( PIK Interest ). The outstanding principal balance of the
Additional Notes and all unpaid interest thereon will be paid within the next twelve months. The Company may prepay the
Additional Notes from time to time in whole or in part, without penalty or premium.  
  10     

Note 4.         Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock    
  On October 10, 2000, Andrea
issued and sold in a private placement $7,500,000 of Series C Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock (the  Series C Preferred Stock ). Each of these
shares of Series C Preferred Stock had a stated value of $10,000 plus a
  $1,671 increase in the stated value,
which sum is convertible into Common Stock at a conversion price of $0.2551. On
February 17, 2004, Andrea announced that it had entered into an Exchange and
Termination Agreement and an Acknowledgment and Waiver Agreement, which
eliminated the dividend of 5% per annum on the stated value. The additional
amount of $1,671 represents the 5% per annum from October 10, 2000 through
February 17, 2004. The shares of Series C Preferred Stock are subject to
antidilution provisions, which are triggered in the event of certain stock
splits, recapitalizations, or other dilutive transactions. In addition,
issuances of common stock at a price below the conversion price then in effect
(currently $0.2551), or the issuance of warrants, options, rights, or
convertible securities which have an exercise price or conversion price less
than that conversion price, other than for certain previously outstanding
securities and certain  excluded securities  (as defined in the certificate of
amendment), require the adjustment of the conversion price to that lower price
at which shares of common stock have been issued or may be acquired. In the
event that Andrea issues securities in the future which have a conversion price
or exercise price which varies with the market price and the terms of such
variable price are more favorable than the conversion price in the Series C
Preferred Stock, the purchasers may elect to substitute the more favorable
variable price when making conversions of the Series C Preferred Stock.
  
  In accordance with Sub Topic
815-40, Andrea evaluated the Series C Preferred Stock and concluded that it is
not indexed to the Company s stock because of the conversion price adjustment
feature described above. Accordingly, under the provisions of ASC 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging,  Andrea evaluated the Series C Preferred Stock
embedded conversion feature. The Company has concluded that the embedded
conversion feature would be classified in shareholders  equity if it were a
freestanding instrument as the Series C Preferred Stock is more akin to equity
and as such it should not be bifurcated from the Series C instrument and
accounted for separately.   
  On April 4, 2016, 10.904533
shares of Series C Preferred Stock, together with related accrued dividends,
were converted into 498,900 shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of
$0.2551.  
  As of September 30, 2016,
there were 33.326899 shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding, which were
convertible into 1,524,758 shares of Common Stock and remaining accrued
dividends of $55,697.   
   Note 5.         Series D Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock    
  On February 17, 2004, Andrea
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (including a Registration Rights
Agreement) with certain holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and other
investors (collectively, the  Buyers ) pursuant to which the Buyers agreed to
invest a total of $2,500,000. In connection with this agreement, on February 23,
2004, the Buyers purchased, for a purchase price of $1,250,000, an aggregate of
1,250,000 shares of a new class of preferred stock, the Series D Preferred
Stock, convertible into 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock (an effective
conversion price of $0.25 per share) and Common Stock warrants exercisable for
an aggregate of 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock. These warrants were
exercisable at any time after August 17, 2004, at an exercise price of $0.38 per
share. On February 23, 2009, these warrants expired without being exercised.
  
  In addition, on June 4, 2004,
the Buyers purchased for an additional $1,250,000, an additional 1,250,000
shares of Series D   Preferred Stock
convertible into 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock (an effective conversion price
of $0.25 per share) and Common Stock warrants exercisable for an aggregate of
2,500,000 shares of Common Stock. The warrants were exercisable at any time
after December 4, 2004 and before June 4, 2009 at an exercise price of $0.17 per
share. On June 4, 2009, these warrants expired without being exercised.
  
  The shares of Series D
Preferred Stock are also subject to antidilution provisions, which are triggered
in the event of certain stock splits, recapitalizations, or other dilutive
transactions. In addition, issuances of common stock at a price below the
conversion price then in effect (currently $0.25), or the issuance of warrants,
options, rights, or convertible securities which have an exercise price or
conversion price less than that conversion price, other than for certain
previously outstanding securities and certain  excluded securities  (as defined
in the certificate of amendment), require the adjustment of the conversion price
to that lower price at which shares of common stock have been issued or may be
acquired. In the event that Andrea issues securities in the future which have a
conversion price or exercise price which varies with the market price and the
terms of such variable price are more favorable than the conversion price in the
Series D Preferred Stock, the purchasers may elect to substitute the more
favorable variable price when making conversions of the Series D Preferred
Stock. In addition, the Company is required to use its best efforts to secure
the inclusion for quotation on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board for the
common stock issuable under the Series D Preferred Stock and to arrange for at
least two market makers to register with the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority. In the event that the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock and
related warrants is unable to convert these securities into Andrea Common Stock,
the Company shall pay to each such holder a Registration Delay Payment. This
payment is to be paid in cash and is equal to the product of (i) the stated
value of such Preferred Shares multiplied by (ii) the product of (1) .0005
multiplied by (2) the number of days that sales cannot be made pursuant to the
Registration Statement (excluding any days during that may be considered grace
periods as defined by the Registration Rights Agreement).   
  11     

In accordance with Sub Topic
815-40, Andrea evaluated the Series D Preferred Stock and concluded that it is
not considered to be indexed to the Company s stock because of the conversion
price adjustment feature described above. Accordingly, under the provisions of
ASC 815, Andrea evaluated the Series D Preferred Stock embedded conversion
feature. The Company has concluded that the embedded conversion feature would be
classified in shareholders  equity if it were a freestanding instrument as the
Series D Preferred Stock is more akin to equity and as such it should not be
bifurcated from the Series D instrument and accounted for separately.  
  As of September 30, 2016,
there were 907,144 shares of Series D Preferred Stock outstanding which were
convertible into 3,628,576 shares of Common Stock.  
   Note 6.         Commitments And Contingencies   
   Leases     
  In May 2015, Andrea entered
into a lease for its current corporate headquarters located in Bohemia, New
York, where Andrea leases space for research and development, sales and
executive offices from an unrelated party. The lease is for approximately 3,000
square feet and expires in October 2020. Rent expense under this operating lease
was $8,176 and $24,170 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively. The rent expense under this operating lease was $5,250 for the
three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015. The monthly rent under
this lease is $2,725 with annual escalations of 3.5%.  
  Andrea s previous corporate headquarters were located in Bohemia, New York. The lease from an unrelated party, which expired
in May 2015, was for approximately 11,000 square feet and housed Andrea s warehousing, sales and executive offices. Rent
expense under Andrea s previous operating lease was zero and $37,676 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30,
2015, respectively.  
  As of September 30, 2016, the
minimum future lease payments under this lease and all other noncancellable
operating leases are as follows:  
  
   Employment
Agreements   
  In August 2014, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Andrea. The effective date of the employment
agreement was August 1, 2014 and it currently expires on January 31, 2017, subject to renewal as approved by the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to his employment agreement, Mr. Andrea will receive an annual base salary of
$300,000. The employment agreement provides for quarterly bonuses equal to 5% of the Company s pre-bonus net after tax
quarterly earnings for a total quarterly bonus amount not to exceed $12,500; and annual bonuses equal to 9% of the Company s
annual pre-bonus net after tax earnings in excess of $300,000 up to $3,000,000, and 3% of the Company s annual pre-bonus
adjusted net after tax earnings in excess of $3,000,000. Adjustments to net after tax earnings shall be made to remove the impact of
change in recognition of accumulated deferred tax asset value. All bonuses shall be payable as soon as the Company s cash flow
permits. All bonus determinations or any additional bonus in excess of the above will be made in the sole discretion of the
Compensation Committee. Mr. Andrea is also entitled to a change in control payment equal to three times the three year average of
the cash incentive compensation paid or accrued as of the date of termination, continuation of health and medical benefits for three
years and immediate vesting of all stock options in the event of a change in control during the term of his agreement and subsequent
termination of his employment within two years following the change of control. In the event of his termination without cause or
resignation with the Company s consent, Mr. Andrea is entitled to a severance payment equal to nine months of his base salary, plus
the nine months prorated portion of his most recent annual and quarterly bonuses, and a continuation of health insurance coverage
for Mr. Andrea, his spouse and his dependents for 12 months. At September 30, 2016, the future minimum cash commitments
under this agreement aggregate $111,220.  
  In November 1999, as amended
August 2008, the Company entered into a change in control agreement with the
Chief Financial Officer, Corisa L. Guiffre. This agreement provides for a change
in control payment equal to three times her average annual compensation for the
five preceding taxable years, with continuation of health and medical benefits
for three years in the event of a change in control of the Company, as defined
in the agreement, and subsequent termination of employment other than for
cause.  
  12     

Legal
Proceedings      
  In December 2010, Audrey
Edwards, Executrix of the Estate of Leon Leroy Edwards, filed a law suit in the
Superior Court of Providence County, Rhode Island, against 3M Company and over
90 other defendants, including the Company, alleging that the Company processed,
manufactured, designed, tested, packaged, distributed, marketed or sold asbestos
containing products that contributed to the death of Leon Leroy Edwards. The
Company received service of process in April 2011. The Company has retained
legal counsel and has filed a response to the compliant. The Company believes
the lawsuit is without merit and intends to file a Motion for Summary Judgment
to that affect. Accordingly, the Company does not believe the lawsuit will have
a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of
operations.   
  In September 2016, Andrea filed two complaints with the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, alleging
patent infringement against Apple Inc. ( Apple ) and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. and Samsung Electronics America, Inc.
(collectively,  Samsung ), and requesting monetary and injunctive relief. Neither Apple nor Samsung has responded to Andrea's
complaints.  
  Also in September 2016, Andrea filed a Complaint with the United States International Trade Commission ( ITC ), alleging patent
infringement against Apple and Samsung and requesting injunctive relief. The ITC instituted an investigation on October 19, 2016.
Apple and Samsung have not yet answered Andrea s ITC Complaint. Andrea intends to vigorously prosecute its claims against
Apple and Samsung.  
   Note 7.         Stock Plans and Stock Based Compensation    
  In 1998, the Board adopted the
1998 Stock Option Plan ( 1998 Plan ), which was subsequently approved by the
shareholders. The 1998 Plan, as amended, authorized the granting of awards, the
exercise of which would allow up to an aggregate of 6,375,000 shares of Andrea s
Common Stock to be acquired by the holders of those awards. The awards could
take the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock,
deferred stock, stock reload options or other stock-based awards. Awards could
be granted to key employees, officers, directors and consultants. No further
awards may be granted under the 1998 Plan.   
  In October 2006, the Board
adopted the Andrea Electronics Corporation 2006 Equity Compensation Plan ( 2006
Plan ), which was subsequently approved by the shareholders. The 2006 Plan, as
amended, authorizes the granting of awards, the exercise of which would allow up
to an aggregate of 18,000,000 shares of Andrea s Common Stock to be acquired by
the holders of those awards. The awards can take the form of stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or other stock-based awards. Awards
may be granted to key employees, officers, directors and consultants. At
September 30, 2016, there were 1,692,436 shares available for further issuance
under the 2006 Plan.   
  The stock option awards
granted under these plans have been granted with an exercise price equal to the
market price of the Company s stock at the date of grant; with vesting periods
of up to four years and 10-year contractual terms.  
  The fair values of each stock
option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model that uses weighted-average assumptions. Expected
volatilities are based on implied volatilities from historical volatility of the
Company s stock. The expected term of options granted represents the period of
time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for
periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury
yield curve in effect at the time of grant.   
  The stock option awards
granted under these plans have been granted with an exercise price equal to the
market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant; with vesting periods
of up to four years and 10-year contractual terms.  
  There were no options granted
during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
  During the three months ended
September 30, 2015, the Board granted Mr. Andrea 500,000 stock options with an
aggregate fair value of $30,000 (fair value was estimated using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model). The 500,000 grant vests in three equal
annual installments over a three year period commencing on August 1, 2016. These
500,000 stock options have an exercise price of $0.06 per share, which was the
fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, and a term
of 10 years.  
  During the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Board granted outside consultants 100,000 stock options
with an aggregate fair value of $8,000 (fair value was estimated using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model). The 100,000 stock options vest in three
equal annual installments over a three year period. These 100,000 stock options
have an exercise price of $0.08 per share, which was the fair market value of
the Company s common stock on the date of grant, and a term of 10
years.  
  13     

The fair values of the stock
options granted for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015
were estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
using the following weighted-average assumptions:  

Option activity during 2016 is
summarized as follows:   
  
  Based on the September 30,
2016, fair market value of the Company s common stock of $0.06, the aggregate
intrinsic value for the 16,869,821 options outstanding and 15,209,426 shares
exercisable is $97,000.   
  Total compensation expense recognized related to stock option awards was $14,884 and $30,314 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, $12,067 of compensation expense is included in general, administrative and selling expenses
and $2,817 of compensation expense is included in research and development expenses. In the accompanying condensed
consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015, $24,122 of compensation expense is included
in general, administrative and selling expenses and $6,192 of compensation expense is included in research and development
expenses.  
  Total compensation expense recognized related to stock option awards was $49,372 and $95,923 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, $40,921 of compensation expense is included in general, administrative and selling expenses
and $8,451 of compensation expense is included in research and development expenses. In the accompanying condensed
consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, $77,347 of compensation expense is included
in general, administrative and selling expenses and $18,576 of compensation expense is included in research and development
expenses.  
  As of September 30, 2016,
there was $29,638 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested
share-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2006 Plan. This
unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized during 2016, 2017
and 2018 in the amounts of $7,032, $20,660 and $1,946, respectively.   
   Note 8.         Segment Information    
  Andrea follows the provisions
of ASC 280  Segment Reporting.  Reportable operating segments are determined
based on Andrea s management approach. The management approach, as defined by
ASC 280, is based on the way that the chief operating decision-maker organizes
the segments within an enterprise for making operating decisions and assessing
performance. While Andrea s results of operations are primarily reviewed on a
consolidated basis, the chief operating decision-maker also manages the
enterprise in two segments: (i) Patent Monetization and (ii) Andrea DSP
Microphone and Audio Software Products. Patent Monetization includes
Monetization Revenues (as defined in our Amended and Restated Revenue Sharing
Agreement). Andrea DSP Microphone and Audio Software Products primarily include
products based on the use of some, or all, of the following technologies: Andrea
Digital Super Directional Array microphone technology ( DSDA ), Andrea Direction
Finding and Tracking Array microphone technology ( DFTA ), Andrea PureAudio
noise filtering technology, and Andrea EchoStop, an advanced acoustic echo
cancellation technology.  
  14     

The following represents
selected condensed consolidated interim financial information for Andrea s
segments for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.

15     

Management assesses
non-operating income statement data on a consolidated basis only. International
revenues are based on the country in which the end-user is located. For the
three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 total revenues by
geographic area were as follows:   
 
 ____________________

For the nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 total revenues by geographic area were as
follows:   
 
 ____________________

(1)       
      Total
      revenue from Israel represented 37% of total revenues for the nine months
      ended September 30, 2016. Total revenue from the People s Republic of
      China and Singapore represented 60% of total revenues for the nine months
      ended September 30, 2015.    
  As of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, accounts receivable by geographic area were as follows:

Note 9.         Sale of Andrea Anti-Noise Products Division    
  On April 2, 2015, Andrea
Electronics Corporation consummated the transactions contemplated by the Asset
Purchase Agreement, by and between Andrea Electronics Corporation and Andrea
Communications LLC dated March 27, 2015. Under the Asset Purchase Agreement, the
Company sold its Anti-Noise Products Division (the  Division ) and certain
related assets for a purchase price of $900,000 which included a cash payment of
$300,000 and a note receivable of $600,000 payable in 18 equal monthly
installments of $34,757 including interest at a rate of 3.25% per annum
beginning in October 2015. In addition, under the Asset Purchase Agreement the
Company is entitled to receive an additional $100,000 in the event that the
revenues derived from Andrea Communications LLC s operation of the Division
exceed certain thresholds over a specified time period, as defined in the Asset
Purchase Agreement. Accordingly, the results of
operations, the assets and liabilities of the Division are presented as
discontinued operations for both current and prior periods.  

  16     

The following table reflects
the results of the discontinued operations of the Division s business segment
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively:   
  
   ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
   
   Overview      
  Our mission is to provide the
emerging  voice interface  markets with state-of-the-art digital microphone
products and noise reduction software that facilitate natural language,
human/machine interfaces.   
  Examples of the applications
and interfaces for which Andrea DSP Microphone and Audio Software Products
provide benefits include: Internet and other computer-based speech; telephony
communications; multi-point conferencing; speech recognition; and other
applications and interfaces that incorporate natural language processing. We
believe that end users of these applications and interfaces will require high
quality microphone and earphone products that enhance voice transmission,
particularly in noisy environments, for use with personal computers, mobile
personal computing devices, cellular and other wireless communication devices
and automotive communication systems. Our Andrea DSP Microphone and Audio
Software Products use  far-field  digital signal processing technology to
provide high quality transmission of voice where the user is at a distance from
the microphone. High quality audio communication technologies will be required
for emerging far-field voice applications, ranging from continuous speech
dictation, to Internet telephony and multiparty video teleconferencing and
collaboration, to natural language-driven interfaces for automobiles, home and
office automation and other machines and devices into which voice-controlled
microprocessors are expected to be introduced during the next several years. Our
products and technologies are developed in part using our proprietary
intellectual property, and we believe that the strength of our intellectual
property rights will be important to the success of our business. We utilize
patent and trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements with customers
and partners, disclosure and invention assignment agreements with employees and
consultants and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual
property and other proprietary information. As part of our Patent Monetization
efforts we plan to license specific, custom designs to our customers, charging
royalties at a fixed amount per product or a percentage of sales and we intend
to vigorously defend and monetize our intellectual property through licensing
arrangements and, where necessary, enforcement actions against those entities
using our patented solutions in their products.  
   Our Critical Accounting
Policies      
  Our unaudited condensed
consolidated interim financial statements and the notes to our unaudited
condensed consolidated interim financial statements contain information that is
pertinent to management's discussion and analysis. The preparation of unaudited
condensed consolidated interim financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.
Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. On a
continual basis, management reviews its estimates utilizing currently available
information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and
reasonable assumptions. After such reviews, and if deemed appropriate, those
estimates are adjusted accordingly. Actual results may vary from these estimates
and assumptions under different and/or future circumstances. Our significant
accounting policies are described in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015. A discussion of our critical accounting policies and
estimates are included in Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of
Operation in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015. Management has discussed the development and selection of these policies
with the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, and the Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors has reviewed the Company s disclosures of
these policies. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting
policies or estimates reported in the Management s Discussion and Analysis
section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.
  
  17     

Cautionary Statement
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    
  This report contains
forward-looking statements that are based on assumptions and may describe future
plans, strategies and expectations of the Company. These forward-looking
statements are generally identified by use of the words  believe ,  expect ,
 intend ,  anticipate ,  estimate ,  project  or similar expressions. The
Company s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or
strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse
effect on the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries include, but are
not limited to, changes in economic, competitive, governmental, technological
and other factors that may affect our business and prospects. Additional factors
are discussed below under  Risk Factors  and in Part I,     Item 1A   Risk Factors     in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015  
  and the Company s quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q. These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating
forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such
statements. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, the Company does
not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to release publicly
the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statements or to
reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.   
   Results Of Continuing
Operations      
    Three and Nine Months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to Three and Nine Months ended September 30,
2015    
   Total
Revenues      
  ____________________

(a)  
               
      The increase of approximately $2,943,000 in license revenues is the result of non-recurring revenue recognized for
patent licensing agreements entered into during 2016.   

(b)  
      
      The approximate
      $4,000 and $11,000 increase in sales of automotive array microphone
      products is the result of decreased product sales to integrators of public
      safety vehicle solutions for the three and nine months ended September 30,
      2016, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended
      September 30, 2015.   

(c)  
      
      The approximate $82,000 and $95,000 decrease in sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 is related to timing of product
revenues from an OEM customer for a customized digital product.   

(d)  
      
      The approximate $54,000 and $118,000 increase in all other Andrea DSP Microphone and Audio product revenues
sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015 is related to increased product revenues from OEM customers for our DA-250 digital
products.   

(e)  
      
      The $129,000 and $410,000 decrease in license revenues is a result of a decrease of royalties for the three month and
nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three month period ended September 30, 2015,
respectively.    
  18     

Cost of
Revenues      
  Cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 195% and 12%,
respectively. Cost of revenues as a percentage of net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 11%
and 10%, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, there was a one-time change to the
method of the calculation on distribution of Monetization Revenue under the Monetization Revenue Sharing Agreement in which
the Company recorded and paid licensing revenue sharing expense of approximately $290,000.  
   Patent Monetization
Expenses      
  Patent monetization expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased almost 100% to $10,074 from $2,143,616
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Patent monetization expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
decreased by 58% to $1,734,245 from $4,142,138 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decreases in Patent
Monetization expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is mainly attributable to the timing of legal services
incurred to pursue patent monetization. The expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 are associated with
the complaints disclosed under Part II, Item 1 Legal Proceedings in the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed with
the SEC on May 16, 2016 which have been resolved and completed in 2016. The expenses for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 include residual patent monetization expenses incurred to the same complaints as well as new file complaints
and disclosed in Note 6 in the accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. In addition, the expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 include a reversal of an over accrual of approximately $280,000.  
   Research and Development
Expenses      
  Research and development
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased 8% to $182,335
from $197,547 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The expenses
primarily relate to costs associated with the development of new products. For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the decrease in research and
development expenses reflects a 17% decrease in our Patent Monetization efforts
to $6,070, or 3% of total research and development expenses, and a 7% decrease
in our Andrea DSP Microphone and Audio Software Technology efforts to $176,265,
or 97% of total research and development expenses. Research and development
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased 2% to $562,383
from $551,888 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These expenses
primarily relate to costs associated with the development of new products. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in research and
development expenses reflects a 12% decrease in our Patent Monetization efforts
to $18,195, or 3% of total research and development expenses and a 2% increase
in our Andrea DSP Microphone and Audio Software Technology efforts to $544,188,
or 97% of total research and development expenses. With respect to DSP
Microphone and Audio Software technologies, research efforts are primarily
focused on the pursuit of commercializing a natural language-driven
human/machine interface by developing optimal far-field microphone solutions for
various voice-driven interfaces, incorporating Andrea s digital super
directional array microphone technology, and certain other related technologies
such as noise suppression and stereo acoustic echo cancellation. We believe that
continued research and development spending should benefit Andrea in the future.
  
   General, Administrative and
Selling Expenses      
  General, administrative and selling expenses decreased approximately 8% to $295,916 for the three months ended September 30,
2016 from $321,925 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, general,
administrative and selling expenses related to our Patent Monetization efforts were $83,577, or 28% of the total general, administrative and selling expenses, and general, administrative and selling expenses related to our Andrea DSP Microphone and
Audio Software Technology were $212,339, or 72% of total general, administrative and selling expenses. General, administrative
and selling expenses increased approximately 17% to $960,271 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $822,382 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, general, administrative and selling
expenses related to our Patent Monetization efforts were $192,674, or 20% of the total general, administrative and selling expenses
related to our Andrea DSP Microphone and Audio Software Technology were $767,597, or 80% of total general, administrative and
selling expenses.  
   Interest income (expense),
net      
  Interest income, net for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,228 compared to interest expense, net of $19,350 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. Interest income, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $5,855 compared
to interest expense, net of $37,411 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The change in this line item was attributable to a
decrease of interest expense related to long-term debt in conjunction with the Revenue Sharing Agreement partially offset by the
interest income on the note receivable related to the sale of the Andrea Anti-Noise Products Division.  
  19     

Provision for Income Taxes   
  The income tax
provision for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $38,710 compared to
$34,120 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The income tax provision
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $9,316, compared to $119,958
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The provision is a result of
certain licensing revenues that are subject to withholding of income tax as
mandated by the foreign jurisdiction in which the revenues are
earned.  
   Net loss      
  Net loss for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 was $601,491 compared to a net loss of $2,498,659 for
the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net loss for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $148,483 compared to a net loss of $4,262,478 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net loss for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, principally reflects the
factors described above.   
   Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements   
  The Company has no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or
future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or
capital resources that are material to investors.   
   Liquidity And Capital
Resources    
  At September 30, 2016, we had
cash of $3,023,408 compared with $5,592,554 at December 31, 2015. The decrease
in our cash balance at September 30, 2016 was primarily a result of cash used in
operations.   
  Our working capital balance at
September 30, 2016 was $3,069,033 compared to working capital of $2,116,111 at
December 31, 2015. The increase in working capital reflects a decrease in total
current assets of $4,584,960 and a decrease in total current liabilities of
$5,537,882. The decrease in total current assets reflects a decrease in cash of
$2,569,146, a decrease in accounts receivable of $1,751,350, an increase in
inventories of $44,798, a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets
of $2,714, a decrease in assets from discontinued operations of $106,606 and a
decrease in current note receivable of $199,942. The decrease in total current
liabilities of $5,537,882 reflects a decrease in trade accounts payable of
$1,852,373, a decrease in short-term deferred revenue of $6,600, a decrease in
liabilities from discontinued operations of $20,275, a decrease in the current
portion of long-term debt of $1,900,775, a decrease in advance from Revenue
Sharing Agreement of $196,477, a decrease of $1,498,158 in other current
liabilities, a decrease in current taxes payable of $45,000 and an $18,224
decrease in Accrued Series C Preferred Stock Dividends.   
  The decrease in cash of
$2,569,146 reflects $1,958,729 of net cash used in operating activities,
$302,132 cash provided by investing activities, and $912,549 of cash used by
financing activities.  
  The cash used by operating activities of $2,569,146, excluding non-cash charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
was attributable to a $1,764,734 decrease in accounts receivable, a $26,968 decrease in inventories, a $2,714 decrease in prepaid
expenses, other current assets and other assets, a $1,852,373 decrease in trade accounts payable, a $45,000 decrease in taxes
payable, a $1,518,433 decrease in other current liabilities, a $6,600 decrease in short-term deferred revenue, and a $312,067
decrease in advance from the Revenue Sharing Agreement. The changes in accounts receivable, inventories, prepaid expenses,
other current assets and other assets, trade accounts payable, other current liabilities and short-term deferred revenue primarily reflect differences in the timing related to both the payments for and the acquisition of inventory as well as for other services in
connection with ongoing efforts related to Andrea s various product lines including continuing efforts to pursue patent
monetization.  
  The cash provided by investing activities of $302,132 reflects $312,813 of repayments in note receivable offset in part by $10,681
in patent and trademark related expenses. The increase in patent and trademark expenses reflects capital expenditures associated
with our intellectual property.  
  The cash used in financing
activities of $912,549, reflects proceeds from long-term debt, offset by
payments of notes and interest.   
  We plan to improve our cash flows in 2016 by aggressively pursuing monetization of our patents related to our Andrea DSP
Microphone Audio Software, increasing the sales of our Andrea DSP Microphone Audio Software Products through the
introduction of new products as well as the increased efforts we are putting into our sales and marketing efforts. As of November
10, 2016, Andrea had approximately $2,900,000 of cash deposits. We cannot assure that demand will continue for any of our
products, including future products related to our Andrea DSP Microphone and Audio Software technologies, or, that if such
demand does exist, that we will be able to obtain the necessary working capital to increase production and provide marketing
resources to meet such demand on favorable terms, or at all.  
  20     

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
  Not applicable.   
   ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES    
  Andrea s management, including
its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated
the effectiveness of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such
term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the
principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as
of the end of the period covered by this report, Andrea s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information
required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act with the SEC (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) is
accumulated and communicated to Andrea s management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.   
  A control system, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a
company have been detected. Andrea s disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives.
  
  There have been no changes in
the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially
affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect the Company s internal
controls over financial reporting during the period covered by this Quarterly
Report.   
   PART II OTHER
INFORMATION   
   ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
   
  In December 2010, Audrey
Edwards, Executrix of the Estate of Leon Leroy Edwards, filed a law suit in the
Superior Court of Providence County, Rhode Island, against 3M Company and over
90 other defendants, including the Company, alleging that the Company processed,
manufactured, designed, tested, packaged, distributed, marketed or sold asbestos
containing products that contributed to the death of Leon Leroy Edwards. The
Company received service of process in April 2011. The Company has retained
legal counsel and has filed a response to the compliant. The Company believes
the lawsuit is without merit and intends to file a Motion for Summary Judgment
to that affect. Accordingly, the Company does not believe the lawsuit will have
a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of
operations.   
  In September 2016, Andrea filed two complaints with the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, alleging
patent infringement against Apple Inc. ( Apple ) and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. and Samsung Electronics America, Inc.
(collectively,  Samsung ), and requesting monetary and injunctive relief. Neither Apple nor Samsung has responded to Andrea's
complaints.  
  Also in September 2016, Andrea filed a Complaint with the United States International Trade Commission ( ITC ), alleging patent
infringement against Apple and Samsung and requesting injunctive relief. The ITC instituted an investigation on October 19, 2016.
Apple and Samsung have not yet answered Andrea s ITC Complaint. Andrea intends to vigorously prosecute its claims against
Apple and Samsung.  
   ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS   
   Risk Factors
   
   Our operating results are
subject to significant fluctuation, period-to-period comparisons of our
operating results may not necessarily be meaningful and you should not rely on
them as indications of our future performance.    
  Our results of operations have
historically been and are subject to continued substantial annual and quarterly
fluctuations. The causes of these fluctuations include, among other things:

the volume of sales
      of our products under our collaborative marketing
  arrangements;   

the cost of
      development of our products;   

the mix of products
      we sell;   

the mix of
      distribution channels we use;   

the timing of our new
      product releases and those of our competitors;   

fluctuations in the
      computer and communications hardware and software marketplace;
    and   

general economic
      conditions.    
  21     

We cannot assure that the
level of revenues and gross profit, if any, that we achieve in any particular
fiscal period will not be significantly lower than in other fiscal periods. Our
total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $162,880
compared to $315,379 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net loss for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $601,491, or $0.01 loss per share
on a basic and diluted basis, compared to a net loss of $2,498,659, or $0.04
loss per share on a basic and diluted basis for the three months ended September
30, 2015. Our total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were
$3,502,419 compared to $932,784 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $148,483, or $0.00 per
share on a basic and diluted basis, compared to a net loss of $4,262,478, or
$0.07 loss per share on a basic and diluted basis for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. We continue to explore opportunities to grow sales in other
business areas and vigorously defend and monetize our intellectual property.
However, we cannot predict whether such opportunities and defense of our
intellectual property will be successful.   
   Shares Eligible For Future
Sale May Have An Adverse Effect On Market Price and Andrea Shareholders May
Experience Substantial Dilution.    
  Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could have the effect of depressing the prevailing
market price of our common stock. Of the 200,000,000 shares of common stock presently authorized, 64,914,935 were outstanding
as of November 10, 2016. The number of shares outstanding does not include an aggregate of 23,715,591 shares of common stock
that are issuable. This number of issuable common shares is equal to approximately 37% of the 64,914,935 outstanding shares.
These issuable common shares are comprised of: a) 16,884,821 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of
outstanding awards granted under our 1998 Stock Plan and 2006 Stock Plan; b) 1,677,436 shares reserved for future grants under
our 2006 Stock Plan; c) 1,524,758 shares of common stock that are issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock; and d)
3,628,576 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock.  
  In addition to the risk
factors set forth above and the other information set forth in this report, you
should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,     Item 1A   Risk Factors     in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015 and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which could
materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks
described in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be
immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and/or operating results.   
   ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES
OF EQUITY SECURITY AND USE OF PROCEEDS    
  None.  
   ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON
SENIOR SECURITIES    
  None.   
   ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES    
  Not applicable.   
   ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION
   
  None.   
   ITEM 6.
EXHIBITS   

a)   
                 
           Exhibits    

Exhibit 10.1  
         
      Rider to Amended
      and Restated Revenue Sharing and Note Purchase Agreement by and among
      Andrea Electronics Corporation and AND34 Funding LLC dated as of December
      24, 2014, retroactively effective as of February 14, 2014   

Exhibit 31.1     
       Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief
      Executive Officer    

Exhibit 31.2
          
       Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief
      Financial Officer    

Exhibit 32        
       Section 1350 Certifications*    

Exhibit
      101.0    
      The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii)
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Shareholders  Equity; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to
the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.    
  22     

SIGNATURES
   
  Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

ANDREA ELECTRONICS CORPORATION   

By:        
      /s/ DOUGLAS J.
    ANDREA  

Name:    Douglas J.
      Andrea    

Title:    Chairman of
      the Board, President, Chief    

Executive Officer and Corporate
      Secretary      

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ DOUGLAS J. ANDREA   
            
      Chairman of the Board, President, Chief  
      November 14, 2016   
   
       Douglas J. Andrea   
      Executive Officer and Corporate Secretary  

/s/ CORISA L. GUIFFRE   
       
      Vice
      President, Chief Financial Officer and  
      November 14, 2016   
   
       Corisa L. Guiffre   
      Assistant Corporate Secretary  
        
  23  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 andrea3033895-ex101.htm
 RIDER TO AMENDED AND RESTATED REVENUE SHARING AND NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT 10.1   
   RIDER TO AMENDED AND
RESTATED     REVENUE SHARING
AND NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT    
  Reference is made to the
Revenue Sharing and Note Purchase Agreement originally dated as of February 14,
2014, and amended and restated as of December 24, 2014 (as so amended and
restated, and as amended and in effect from time to time, the     Agreement    ) by and among ANDREA ELECTRONICS CORPORATION, a New York corporation
(the     Company    ), AND34 FUNDING LLC as collateral agent (the
    Collateral Agent    ) and the financial institutions party thereto as
Purchasers.  
  This Rider (    Rider    ) is dated as of August 10, 2016, and, upon becoming effective in
accordance with its terms, will hereafter be part of the Agreement.  
  WHEREAS, the Agreement
contemplated that the Company may subsequently request, and the Note Purchasers
may in their sole discretion agree to, the sale and purchase of additional
Notes;  
  WHEREAS, the Company now
wishes to issue and sell additional Notes to Purchasers and Purchasers are
willing to purchase such Notes (hereafter, the  Additional Notes ) subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement and this Rider;  
  NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and for good and valuable consideration, the
sufficiency and receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
hereby agree as follows:   
 
  A.    Definitions   . Except as otherwise defined in this Rider, terms defined in the
Agreement are used herein as defined therein.  
  B.    Rider Effect on Agreement   . Except as specifically provided in this Rider,
this Rider does not alter or amend any provision or term of the Agreement, which
remains in effect. All references herein to Sections and Schedules refer to
Sections and Schedules of the Agreement.   
  C.    Additional Notes   .  

  C.1.    Purchase and Sale of Additional
Notes   .  
 
  C.1.1. On August 10, 2016 (the
    Rider Date    ) and from time to time thereafter as provided
herein, the Company agrees to issue and sell, and each Note Purchaser agrees to
purchase, for an amount equal to the original principal amount thereof and in
accordance with the percentages set forth on    Schedule 2.2   , Additional Notes in an aggregate original
principal amount of up to $7,000,000 (or such greater amount as the Note
Purchasers may agree in their sole discretion). The purchase price of the
Additional Notes allocated in accordance with the percentages set forth
   Schedule 2.2    shall be payable in immediately available funds
by wire transfer to the deposit account of the Company as identified in writing
by the Company to the Note Purchasers prior to the Rider Date and each
subsequent  date of issuance of Additional
Notes thereafter. No Note Purchaser shall be responsible for any default by any
other Note Purchaser in its obligation to acquire Additional Notes hereunder.
The Company may subsequently request, and the Note Purchasers may in their sole
discretion agree to, the sale and purchase of additional Notes in excess of such
amount.    

  1   

C.1.2. From time to time
following the Rider Date and through the fourth anniversary of the Rider Date
(or, upon mutual prior agreement of the Company and the Majority Note Purchasers
and subject to an extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to Section C.3.1,
through the fifth anniversary of the Rider Date), on not less than 10 Business
Days prior written notice, the Company may request that the Note Purchasers
acquire, and subject to the conditions set forth in    Section 3.3   , the Note Purchasers shall acquire, Additional Notes in an aggregate
original principal amount of up to $7,000,000 (excluding any PIK Interest) (or
such greater amount as the Note Purchasers may agree in their sole discretion).
The proceeds of the Additional Notes shall be applied solely to the payment of
Monetization Expenses (or to reimburse the Company for the payment of
Monetization Expenses). The Company may not request Additional Notes to be
acquired more than one time in any calendar month, and any such requests shall
be in a minimum amount of $100,000.   

C.2.    Interest on Additional Notes   . The unpaid principal amount of the Additional
Notes (including any PIK Interest) shall bear interest at a rate equal to LIBOR
plus 2% per annum;   
provided    that upon and during the
continuance of an Event of Default under    Section 7.1.1   , the
interest rate shall increase by an additional 2% per annum. Interest on the
Additional Notes shall be paid on the last Business Day of each calendar quarter
(the     Interest Payment
Date    ), starting with the
calendar quarter ending following the issuance thereof. Such interest may be
paid in cash at the option of the Company (and    shall    be paid in cash to the extent of any unapplied Monetization Revenues)
and otherwise shall be paid by increasing the principal amount of the Additional
Notes by the amount of such interest, effective as of the applicable Interest
Payment Date (    PIK
Interest    ).  
  C.3.    Payment of Additional Notes   .   

C.3.1.    Payment at Maturity   . The principal of the Additional Notes and all
unpaid interest thereon or other amounts owing hereunder shall be paid in full
in cash on August 31, 2020 (the     Rider Maturity Date    
   provided    that the Company may request, and at the sole
discretion and option of the Note Purchasers the Note Purchasers may consent, to
extend the applicable Rider Maturity Date for up to five one year
increments.  
  C.3.2.    Optional Prepayments   . The Company may prepay       the Additional Notes   
   from time to time       in
whole or in part, without penalty or premium. Any such prepayment shall include
accrued and unpaid interest on the amount prepaid.  

  2   

C.3.3.    Mandatory Prepayments   . Upon receipt of any Monetization Revenues, the
Company or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, shall apply 100% of such
Monetization Revenues to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on, and then
to repay outstanding principal of, the Additional Notes. Any such principal
prepayment shall be applied to the Additional Notes in the order in which the
Additional Notes were issued. Except to the extent that the Collateral Agent is
enjoined or stayed from distributing any such Monetization Revenues (other than
to the extent such enjoinder or stay arises solely from (x) a dispute among the
Purchasers or (y) a dispute between any Purchaser and the Collateral Agent),
such direct deposit by payors shall constitute timely payment by the Company of
such accrued and unpaid interest and the outstanding principal of the Additional
Notes in the amount of such direct deposit. Payments by the Company on the
Additional Notes pursuant to this Section C.3.3. shall be made monthly on the
tenth Business Day of each month with respect to Monetization Revenues received
in the prior month;    provided    that, if the
Company receives a single payment of Monetization Pre-Adjustment Revenues of
$25,000 or more, the Company shall be required to determine the amount, if any,
of the Monetization Revenues resulting from such payment and to make a payment
to the Noteholders of such Monetization Revenues within 10 Business Days of
receipt of such payment.   

D.    Limited Recourse   . Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, from and after the date of this Rider, the Purchasers  recourse with
respect to amounts due with respect to the Additional Notes and with respect to
the remaining Revenue Stream shall be limited to the Patents and to the
Monetization Revenues, and their rights and remedies under the Agreement shall
be limited to enforcement against the Patents and the Monetization Revenues
including, without limitation, foreclosing on the Patents, exercising their
rights under the Patent License and exercising their right to cause the Patents
to be assigned to a special purpose entity subject to the license back to the
Company set forth in   
   Section 7.3; provided that this
limitation shall not limit the Purchasers  recourse (1) in the event of a breach
of the Company s obligations to apply the portions of Monetization Revenues
specified in the Agreement to the payment of the Additional Notes, the Revenue
Stream and the other Obligations or (2) to recover their expenses of enforcing
their rights and remedies in the event that the Company fails to cooperate in,
or seeks to frustrate or impede, the exercise by the Purchasers  of their rights
and remedies with respect to the Patents and the Monetization Revenues,
including frustrating or impeding any efforts of the Purchasers to substitute or
add as a plaintiff the special purpose entity in any pending litigation
concerning the Patents following assignment of the Patents to such entity and
including any expenses of the Purchasers in enforcing their rights and remedies
in any bankruptcy proceeding commenced by or against the Company.  
  3   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have caused this Rider to the Agreement to be duly executed and
delivered as of the day of the year first above written.   
   ANDREA ELECTRONICS
CORPORATION, As the Company    

By       
      /s/ Corisa L. Guiffre   

Name:       
      Corisa L.
      Guiffre   

Title:  
      Vice President,
      Chief Financial   

Officer and
      Assistant Corporate Secretary     
   AND34 FUNDING LLC, As A
Revenue Participant    

By       
      James K. Noble III   

Name:       James
      K. Noble III   

Title:         Secretary     
   AND34 FUNDING LLC, As A
Noteholder    

By       
      James K Noble III   

Name:       
      James K. Noble
      III   

Title:         Secretary   
   
   AND34 FUNDING LLC, As
Collateral Agent    

By       
      James K. Noble III   

Name:       James K. Noble III   

Title:         Secretary     

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 andrea3033895-ex311.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT
31.1      
    RULE
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)     
      CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
CERTIFICATION       
  I, Douglas J. Andrea, certify
that:  

1.  
      
      I have
      reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Andrea Electronics
      Corporation;   

2.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
      fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
      made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
      not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
  report;   

3.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
      included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
      financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
  report;   

4.  
      
      The
      registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control
      over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
      15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
             
      Designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
      subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
      particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

(b)  
      
      Designed such
      internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
      over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      
      Evaluated the
      effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
      disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
      this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      
      Disclosed in this
      report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
      (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
      that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
      affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
      and   

5.  
      
      The
      registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
      our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
      to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
      board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
    functions):   

(a)  
      
      All significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      
      Any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting.      

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ DOUGLAS J. ANDREA   

Douglas J. Andrea    

Chairman of
      the Board, President, Chief   

Executive
      Officer and Corporate Secretary     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 andrea3033895-ex312.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT
31.2      
   RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
     CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
CERTIFICATION    
  I, Corisa L. Guiffre, certify
that:  

1.  
      
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Andrea Electronics
      Corporation;   

2.  
      
      Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
      fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
      made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
      not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
  report;   

3.  
      
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the
      financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
  report;   

4.  

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d - a5(f))for the registrant and have:

(a)  
             
      Designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
      subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
      particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;   

(b)  
      
      Designed such
      internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
      over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
      disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
      this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      
      Disclosed in this
      report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
      (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
      that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
      affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
      and   

5.  
      
      The
      registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
      our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
      to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
      board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
    functions):   

(a)  
      
      All significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      
      Any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting.     

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ CORISA
      L. GUIFFRE   

Corisa L.
    Guiffre    

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
      and   

Assistant Corporate
  Secretary     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 5
 andrea3033895-ex32.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT
32.0      
   SECTION 1350
CERTIFICATIONS    
  In connection with the
Quarterly Report of Andrea Electronics Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1.       
      The Report fully
      complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
      and Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information
      contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
      financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for
      the period covered by the Report.     

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ DOUGLAS J.
      ANDREA  

Douglas J. Andrea   

Chairman of
      the Board,  

President,
      Chief Executive  

Officer and
      Corporate Secretary  

/s/ CORISA L.
      GUIFFRE  

Corisa L. Guiffre   

Vice
      President, Chief Financial  

Officer and
      Assistant Corporate  

Secretary  

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 andr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 andr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 andr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 andr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 andr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 andr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

