<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_718937_0001144204-16-131382_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3877351</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>69432</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>212518</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>981162</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1813195</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>720546</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131382.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103160655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131382
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STAAR SURGICAL CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000718937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPHTHALMIC GOODS [3851]
		IRS NUMBER:				953797439
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11634
		FILM NUMBER:		161971608

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1911 WALKER AVE
		CITY:			MONROVIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6263037902

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1911 WALKER AVE
		CITY:			MONROVIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131382.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 v451100_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q   

(Mark One)  

Commission file number: 0-11634  

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Delaware   
       95-3797439    

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   
     
          (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

1911 Walker Avenue   

  Monrovia, California 91016  

  (Address of principal executive offices)  

(626) 303-7902  

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code))  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes         No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes         No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
         Accelerated filer 
     
             Non-accelerated
        filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
         Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes         No     

The registrant has 40,609,093 shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, issued and outstanding as of October 24, 2016. 

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

INDEX  

PAGE  

NUMBER  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements.  
     1  

Item 2. 
      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
     14  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
     20  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures.  
     20  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings.  
     20  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors.  
     21  

Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures.  
     21  

Item 5. 
      Other Information.  
     21  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits.  
     21  

PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (In thousands, except par value amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.  

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.  

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS   

  OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.  

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.  

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Note 1   Basis of Presentation
and Significant Accounting Policies  

The condensed consolidated
financial statements of the Company present the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of STAAR Surgical Company
and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article
10 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Exchange Commission. In accordance with those rules and regulations certain information
and footnote disclosures normally included in comprehensive financial statements have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such
rules and regulations. The consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2016 was derived from the audited financial statements at
that date, but does not include all the information and footnotes required by GAAP. These financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended January 1, 2016. 

The accompanying interim
condensed consolidated financial statements, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring
adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The condensed
consolidated results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other interim period or
for the entire year.   

Each of the Company's
reporting periods ends on the Friday nearest to the quarter ending date and generally consists of 13 weeks.  Unless the
context indicates otherwise  we,   us,  the  Company,  and  STAAR  refer to STAAR
Surgical Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In August of 2016,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,  Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ), which
clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact ASU 2016-15 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-12,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients 
( ASU 2016-12 ). The amendments in ASU 2016-12 provide clarifying guidance in certain narrow areas and add some practical
expedients. Specifically, the amendments in this update (1) clarify the objective of the collectability criterion in step 1, and
provides additional clarification for when to recognize revenue for a contract that fails step 1, (2) permit an entity, as an accounting
policy election, to exclude amounts collected from customers for all sales (and other similar) taxes from the transaction price,
(3) specify that the measurement date for noncash consideration is contract inception, and clarifies that the variable consideration
guidance applies only to variability resulting from reasons other than the form of the consideration, (4) provide a practical expedient
that permits an entity to reflect the aggregate effect of all modifications that occur before the beginning of the earliest period
presented when identifying the satisfied and unsatisfied performance obligations, determining the transaction price, and allocating
the transaction price to the satisfied and unsatisfied performance obligations, and (5) clarifies that a completed contract for
purposes of transition is a contract for which all (or substantially all) of the revenue was recognized under legacy GAAP before
the date of initial application. Further, accounting for elements of a contract that do not affect revenue under legacy GAAP are
irrelevant to the assessment of whether a contract is complete. In addition, the amendments permit an entity to apply the modified
retrospective transition method either to all contracts or only to contracts that are not completed contracts, and clarifies that
an entity that retrospectively applies the guidance in Topic 606 to each prior reporting period is not required to disclose the
effect of the accounting change for the period of adoption. However, an entity is still required to disclose the effect of the
changes on any prior periods retrospectively adjusted. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the
same as the effective date and transition requirements in Topic 606. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning January
1, 2018, although early adoption is permitted beginning January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU
2016-12 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. 
The amendments clarify two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance obligations; and (b) the licensing implementation
guidance. The update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 including interim reporting periods therein.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-10 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income
tax consequences, forfeitures, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification of awards on the statement
of cash flows. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for leases
with lease terms greater than twelve months in the statement of financial position. Leases will be classified as either finance
or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 also requires
improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising
from leases. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim reporting periods within
that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02
will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2015,
the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which changes
how deferred taxes are classified on company s balance sheets. The ASU eliminates the current requirement to present deferred
tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent on the balance sheet. Instead, companies will be required to classify all
deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The amendments are effective for annual financial statements beginning after
December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-17 will
have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . ASU 2014-15 defines management's responsibility
to assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances.
It is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim reporting periods
thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a material impact on
its financial statements.  

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which supersedes nearly all existing revenue
recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are
transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods
or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates
may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing GAAP. The revised revenue standard is effective
for public entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein, using either of the following
transition methods: (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period
with the option to elect certain practical expedients; or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially
adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the Company s pending adoption of ASU 2014-09 on the Company s financial statements and has
not yet determined the method by which it will adopt the standard in fiscal 2018. 

Prior Year Reclassifications  

During the three-month
and nine-month periods ended October 2, 2015 the Company reclassified $224,000 and $375,000, respectively, from other income, net
to royalty income in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

Note 2   Inventories  

Inventories, net are
stated at the lower of cost, determined on a first-in, first-out basis or market value and consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Note 3   Prepayments, Deposits, and Other
Current Assets  

Prepayments, deposits, and other current
assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Note 4   Property, Plant and Equipment  

Property, plant and equipment, net consisted
of the following (in thousands): 

Note 5  Intangible Assets  

Intangible assets, net consisted of the
following (in thousands): 

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

Note 6   Other Current Liabilities  

Other current liabilities
consisted of the following (in thousands): 

(1)  No
individual item in  Other  above exceeds 5% of the total other current liabilities 

Note 7   Defined Benefit Pension Plans  

The Company has defined
benefit plans covering employees of its Switzerland and Japan operations. 

The following table
summarizes the components of net periodic pension cost recorded for the Company s defined benefit pension plans (in thousands): 

(a) Amounts reclassified
from accumulated other comprehensive loss. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015, the Company made cash contributions of approximately $419,000 and $400,000, respectively,
to its Swiss pension plan and the Company is not required to make additional cash contributions during the remainder of 2016. The
Company is not required to and does not make contributions to its Japan pension plan. 

Note 8   Basic and Diluted
Loss Per Share  

The following table
sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share (in thousands except per share amounts): 

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

The following table
sets forth the weighted average number of options and warrants to purchase shares of common stock and restricted stock and units,
which were not included in the calculation of diluted per share amounts because the effects would be anti-dilutive (in thousands). 

Note 9   Geographic and Product
Data  

The
Company markets and sells its products in over 60 countries and has manufacturing sites in the United States. Other than Japan,
China, and the United States, the Company does not conduct business in any country in which its sales exceed 10% of consolidated
sales. Sales are attributed to countries based on location of customers. The composition of the Company s net sales to unaffiliated
customers is set forth below (in thousands):  

Because
100% of the Company s sales are generated from the ophthalmic surgical product segment and  the chief operating decision
maker makes operating decisions and allocates resources based on consolidated operating results ,
the Company operates as one operating segment for financial reporting purposes. The Company s principal products are implantable
Collamer lenses ( ICLs ) used in refractive surgery and intraocular lenses ( IOLs ) used in cataract surgery.
The composition of the Company s net sales by product line is as follows (in thousands):  

One customer, our
distributor in China, accounted for 21% and 19%, of net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
and 16% and 14% of net sales for the three and nine months ended October 2, 2015, respectively. 

As of September 30,
2016, two customers, our distributors in China and Korea, accounted for 20% and 11% of consolidated trade receivables. As of January
1, 2016, there was one customer, our distributor in China, which accounted for 24% of consolidated trade receivables. 

The
Company sells its products internationally, which subjects the Company to several potential risks, including regional/country economic
conditions and regulatory requirements, fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates (to the extent the Company s transactions
are not in U.S. dollars), regulation of fund transfers by foreign governments, United States and foreign export and import duties
and tariffs, and political instability.  

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

Note 10   Stock-Based Compensation  

The
cost that has been charged against income for stock-based compensation is set forth below (in thousands):  

The
Company recorded stock-based compensation costs in the following categories on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements
of operations (in thousands):  

Stock
Option Plan  

The Amended and Restated
2003 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan ( the Plan ) provides for various forms of stock-based incentives. To date, of the
available forms of awards under the Plan, the Company has granted only stock options, restricted stock, unrestricted share grants,
restricted stock units, and performance contingent stock units. Options under the plan are granted at fair market value on the
date of grant, become exercisable over a three-year period, or as determined by the Board of Directors, and expire over periods
not exceeding 10 years from the date of grant. Certain option and share awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change
in control (as defined in the Plan). Pursuant to the Plan, options for 3,614,370 shares were outstanding at September 30, 2016
with exercise prices ranging between $0.95 and $17.62 per share. Restricted stock grants under the Plan generally vest over a period
between one to four years. There were 23,140 shares of restricted stock and 266,050 restricted stock units (RSUs) outstanding at
September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, there were 2,222,972 shares authorized and available for grants under the Plan. 

Immediate
Vesting of All Unvested Equity Awards   

On February 11, 2016,
one of our shareholders increased its beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock to approximately 26% of all shares
outstanding. This triggered the  Change in Control  provision in the Plan, which resulted in the immediate vesting
of all unvested equity awards outstanding under the Plan ( Acceleration Event ) and the recording of an aggregate $6.9
million non-cash charge to stock-based compensation in the condensed consolidated statements of operations on that date ($4.6 million
for stock options and $2.3 million for restricted stock and RSUs). This charge was recorded and included in the following categories
of the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: $2.9 million in general and
administrative expenses, $1.5 million in marketing and selling expenses, $1.9 million in research and development expenses and
$0.6 million in manufacturing costs. Approximately $3.7 million of the $6.9 million of accelerated charges would have been recognized
for stock-based compensation by the Company during fiscal year 2016 after the Change in Control provision was triggered. 

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

Assumptions  

The
fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model applying the weighted-average
assumptions noted in the following table. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Company s stock.
The expected term of options granted is derived from the historical exercises and post-vesting cancellations and represents the
period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The Company has calculated a 9% estimated forfeiture rate based
on historical forfeiture experience. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve corresponding to the expected
term at the time of the grant.  

A summary of option
activity under the Plan for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 is presented below: 

A summary of restricted
stock and restricted stock unit s activity under the Plan for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 is presented
below: 

Note 11   Income Taxes  

The Company s
quarterly provision for income taxes is determined by estimating an annual effective tax rate. This estimate may fluctuate throughout
the year as new information becomes available affecting its underlying assumptions. The tax effect of unusual or infrequent transactions
that occurred during the reporting period is calculated separately and added to the amount of tax estimated using the annual effective
tax rate discussed above. All earnings from the Company s subsidiaries are not considered to be permanently reinvested. 
Accordingly, the Company provides withholding and U.S. taxes on all unremitted foreign earnings. 

The $1.7 million income
tax benefit recorded during the first nine months of 2016, was attributable to (1) the Company s net operating losses reported
by its foreign operations principally due to an acceleration of stock-based compensation during the first quarter of 2016, and
(2) a reduction in its foreign withholding taxes in connection with the dissolution of one of its foreign subsidiaries effective
April 1, 2016. During the nine months ended October 2, 2015, the Company recorded an income tax provision of $114,000, primarily
benefiting from the mix of pre-tax earnings in lower- and zero- rate foreign jurisdictions.  There are no unrecognized tax
benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken by the Company.    

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies  

Lines of Credit and Guarantee  

The Company s
wholly owned Japanese subsidiary, STAAR Japan, has an agreement, dated December 28, 2012, with Mizuho Bank, which provides for
borrowings of up to 500,000,000 Yen (approximately $4.9 million based on the rate of exchange on September 30, 2016), at an interest
rate equal to the Tokyo short-term prime interest rate (approximately 1.475% as of September 30, 2016). The line of credit, as
most recently amended, expires September 30, 2017 and is renewable annually. The Company had 500,000,000 Yen outstanding on the
line of credit as of September 30, 2016 and January 1, 2016 (approximately $4.9 million and $4.2 million based on the foreign currency
exchange rates on September 30, 2016 and January 1, 2016, respectively). As of September 30, 2016, there were no available borrowings
under the line. 

In August 2010,
the Company s wholly owned Swiss subsidiary, STAAR Surgical AG, entered into a credit agreement with Credit Suisse (the
 Bank ). The credit agreement provides for borrowing of up to 1,000,000 CHF (Swiss Francs) (approximately $1.0
million at the rate of exchange on September 30, 2016), to be used for working capital purposes. Accrued interest and 0.25%
commissions on average outstanding borrowings is payable quarterly and the interest rate will be determined by the Bank based
on the then prevailing market conditions at the time of borrowing. The credit agreement is automatically renewed on an annual
basis based on the same terms assuming there is no default. The credit agreement may be terminated by either party at any
time in accordance with its general terms and conditions. The credit facility is not collateralized and contains certain
conditions such as providing the Bank with notice of significant events or conditions, as defined in the credit agreement.
The Bank may also declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable upon a change of control or a material
qualification as defined in the agreement. There were no borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and January 1,
2016.  

On June 7, 2016, the
Company entered into a schedule of an existing master lease agreement with Farnam Street Financial, Inc. that provides for borrowings
up to $2.0 million for an initial term of 24 months, at an annual rate of 3.94% for hardware equipment and 4.75% for non-hardware
equipment of the purchase price. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $1.4 million of the line was used including a sale-leaseback
transaction resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $1.2 million. Approximately $0.6 million of the line is available for future
transactions. 

Covenant Compliance  

The Company believes it is in compliance
with the covenants of its credit facilities as of the date of this report.  

Litigation and Claims  

From time to time
the Company may be subject to various claims and legal proceedings arising out of the normal course of our business. These claims
and legal proceedings may relate to contractual rights and obligations, employment matters, and claims of product liability. The
most significant of these actions, proceedings and investigations are described below. STAAR maintains insurance coverage for product
liability and certain securities claims. Legal proceedings can extend for several years, and the matters described below concerning
the Company are at early stages of the legal and administrative process. As a result, these matters have not yet progressed sufficiently
through discovery and/or development of important information and legal issues to enable the Company to determine whether the proceedings
are material to the Company or to estimate a range of possible loss, if any. Unless otherwise disclosed, the Company is unable
to estimate the possible loss or range of loss for the legal proceedings described below. While it is not possible to accurately
predict or determine outcomes of these items, an adverse determination in one or more of these items currently pending could have
a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Stockholder Securities
Litigation: Todd Action  

On July 8, 2014,  a
putative securities class action lawsuit was filed by Edward Todd against STAAR and three officers in the U.S. District Court for
the Central District of California.  The plaintiff claims that STAAR made misleading statements to and omitted material
information from our investors between February 27, 2013 and June 30, 2014 about alleged regulatory violations at STAAR s
Monrovia manufacturing facility. On October 20, 2014, plaintiff amended its complaint, dismissed two Company officers, added one
other officer, reduced the alleged Class Period to November 1, 2013 through June 30, 2014, and demanded compensatory damages and
attorneys  fees. On August 19, 2016, plaintiff filed a Motion for Class Certification, which the court scheduled for hearing
on December 12, 2016. Although the ultimate outcome of this action cannot be determined with certainty, the Company believes that
the allegations in the Complaint are without merit. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against this lawsuit. The Company
has not recorded any loss or accrual in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements at September 30, 2016 and
January 1, 2016 for this matter as the likelihood and amount of loss, if any, has not been determined and is not currently estimable. 

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

Stockholder Derivative
Litigation: Forestal Action  

On June 22, 2016,
Kevin Forestal filed a stockholder derivative complaint against our then-current Board of Directors, which included Caren Mason,
Mark B. Logan, Stephen C. Farrell, Richard A. Meier, John C. Moore, J. Steven Roush, Louis E. Silverman, and William P. Wall, and
STAAR as well as Barry G. Caldwell and John S. Santos in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. The plaintiff
alleges breaches of fiduciary duties by, among other things, allowing STAAR to disseminate misleading statements to investors regarding
the condition of the Company s Quality System, failing to properly oversee the Company, and unjust enrichment. The complaint
seeks damages, restitution and governance reforms, attorneys  fees and costs. On August 15, 2016, the Company as nominal
defendant filed a Motion to Dismiss, which the court scheduled for hearing on December 5, 2016. Although the ultimate outcome of
this action cannot be determined with certainty, the Company believes that the allegations in the Complaint are without merit.
The Company has not recorded any loss or accrual in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements at September 30,
2016 for this matter as the likelihood and amount of loss, if any, has not been determined and is not currently estimable. 

Employment Agreements  

The Company s
Chief Executive Officer and certain officers have as provisions of their agreements certain rights, including continuance of cash
compensation and benefits, upon a  change in control,  which may include an acquisition of substantially all its assets,
or termination  without cause or for good reason  as defined in the employment agreements. 

ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

The matters addressed
in this Item 2 that are not historical information constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Readers can
recognize forward-looking statements by the use of words like  anticipate,   estimate,   expect, 
 intend,   plan,   believe,   will,   forecast  and similar expressions
in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements about any
of the following: any projections of earnings, revenue, sales, profit margins, cash, effective tax rate or any other financial
items; the plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations or prospects for achieving such plans; statements
regarding new, existing, or improved products, including but not limited to, expectations for success of new, existing, and improved
products in the U.S. or international markets or government approval of a new or improved products (including the Toric ICL in
the U.S.); or commercialization of new or improved products; the nature, timing and likelihood of resolving issues cited in the
FDA s 2014 Warning Letter or 2015 FDA-483; future economic conditions or size of market opportunities; expected costs of
quality system remediation efforts; statements of belief, including as to achieving 2016 business plans; expected regulatory activities
and approvals, product launches, and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.  

Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements are inherently subject to risks
and we can give no assurance that our expectations will prove to be correct. Actual results could differ from those described in
this report because of numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation, those
described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  filed on March 11, 2016. We undertake no obligation
to update these forward-looking statements after the date of this report to reflect future events or circumstances or to reflect
actual outcomes.  

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of STAAR, including the related notes,
provided in this report.  

Overview  

STAAR Surgical Company
designs, develops, manufactures and sells implantable lenses for the eye and companion delivery systems used to deliver the lenses
into the eye. We are the leading maker of lenses used worldwide in corrective or  refractive  surgery. Our goal is
to position our refractive lenses throughout the world as primary and premium solutions for patients seeking visual freedom from
wearing glasses or contact lenses while achieving excellent visual acuity through refractive vision correction. We also make lenses
for use in surgery that treats cataracts. Unless the context indicates otherwise,  we,   us,  the  Company, 
and  STAAR  refer to STAAR Surgical Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

STAAR has significant
operations globally. Activities outside the United States ( U.S. ) accounted for 88% of our total sales in the third
quarter of 2016, primarily due to the pacing of product approvals and commercialization that tend to occur first outside the U.S.
STAAR sells its products in more than 60 countries, with direct distribution in the U.S., Canada, Japan, Germany, the U.K. and
Spain, and independent distribution in the remainder of the world. STAAR maintains operational and administrative facilities in
the U.S., Switzerland and Japan. We also maintain offices in Germany, Spain, and China. 

Recent Developments and Strategic
Priorities for 2016   

In the third quarter
of 2016, worldwide ICL revenues increased 14.7% compared to the prior year quarter. In the regional markets, Asia Pacific ICL revenues
increased 28.5% and units increased 29.5%; Europe, Middle East and Africa ICL revenues increased 6.2% and units increased 4.4%;
and North America ICL revenues decreased 13.0% and units decreased 19.5%. Worldwide ICL units grew 15.3% compared to the prior
year quarter. In regional markets, compared to the prior year quarter, Asia Pacific IOL revenues increased 11.8% and units decreased
by 7.4%; and North America IOL revenues decreased 18.5% and units decreased by 16.6%. Worldwide IOL units declined 2.6% compared
to prior year quarter driven by decreased U.S. sales. Overall third quarter of 2016 net sales were $20.1 million, a 6.9% increase
over the third quarter of 2015. 

During the third quarter,
we entered into new strategic cooperation agreements with leading providers in South East Europe and India. Generally, under these
strategic agreements we will provide additional training, marketing and pricing support to these accounts in exchange for unit
growth of our products and participation in our patient registry, marketing, generating clinical data, and new product development
efforts. 

On September 21, 2016,
we  were notified that the Medical Devices Bureau of Health Canada approved for distribution
in  Canada the toric version of  our EVO Visian ICL, which is the ICL with a central
port .    

For the rest of 2016,
our four strategic priorities remain as follows: 

1.  FDA Remediation and Continuation of Quality Systems Overhaul: We expect to achieve our internal
remediation and quality system plan commitments while also maintaining our global quality certifications, continuing to hire employees
in the Quality and Regulatory departments, and qualifying equipment such as a MasterControl Quality Management System;   

2.  Creating the Visual Freedom Market for Implantable Lenses: We seek to position the ICL as a primary
and premium refractive procedure with clinical validation, new corporate and product branding, new digital and social media marketing,
and by entering into strategic partnerships with large refractive surgical providers operating eye hospitals and clinics. During
the third quarter, we reported record global ICL unit sales;   

3.  Beginning our Clinical Validation and Regulatory Rebirth: The expanded Global Clinical and Medical
Affairs teams will assist in supporting submissions to and responding to queries from regulatory agencies and will monitor clinical
data, conduct clinical studies, begin building patient registries and enhance medical communications protocol; and   

4.  Innovating and Developing New Products, Materials and Delivery Systems: We are expanding our R D
team, upgrading our labs and testing apparatus, and focusing on our research and development priorities. During the third quarter
and continuing in the fourth quarter, we are implanting EVO+ Visian ICLs with EDOF (extended depth of field), in the first human
subjects. The initial results are positive and the clinical study for these lenses continues.   

Immediate
Vesting of All Unvested Equity Awards    

See Note 10 of the
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Critical Accounting
Policies  

This Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses and analyzes data in our unaudited Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements, which we have prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Preparation
of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the Audit
Committee of our Board of Directors. Actual conditions may differ from our assumptions and actual results may differ from our estimates. 

An accounting policy
is deemed critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain
at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are
reasonably likely to occur could materially impact the financial statements. Management believes that there have been no significant
changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting policies and
estimates in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2016. 

Results of Operations  

The following table
shows the percentage of our total sales represented by the specific items listed in our condensed consolidated statements of operations
for the periods indicated, and the percentage by which these items increased or decreased over the prior period. 

Net Sales   

Net sales for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 were $20.1 million, an increase of 6.9% compared with $18.8 million reported during the same
period of 2015. Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $60.3 million, an increase of 7.2% compared with $56.3
million reported during the same period of 2015. The effect of exchange rate changes of the Japanese Yen had a favorable impact
on net sales of $0.6 million and $1.2 million, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Total ICL sales for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $14.8 million, an increase of 14.7% compared with $12.9 million reported during
the same period of 2015. APAC ICL sales were $8.2 million during the third quarter, an increase of 28.5% compared to the prior
year period, due to a 29.5% increase in units, driven by a 42.2% increase in China sales. EMEA ICL sales were $5.1 million during
the third quarter, an increase of 6.2% compared to the prior year period, with an increase of 4.4% in units. North America ICL
sales were $1.5 million during the third quarter, a decrease of 13.0% and a decrease of 19.5% in units compared to the prior year
period.   

Total ICL sales for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and October 2, 2015 were $43.4 million and $37.4 million, respectively, an increase of
16.0%. The sales increase was driven by higher ICL unit sales in APAC and EMEA, partially offset by a decrease in NA sales. 

Total IOL sales for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $4.6 million, an increase of 5.9% compared with $4.4 million reported during the
same period of 2015. Total IOL sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $14.8 million, a 1.1% decrease compared
with $15.0 million reported during the same period in 2015. The decline for both the three and nine-month periods was due to a
planned phase-out of IOL sales in China, and decreased IOL sales in the U.S. due to the discontinuance of the silicone IOL product
line, partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign exchange on sales of $0.5 million and $0.9 million, respectively, for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company expects U.S. silicone IOL sales will continue to decline in the
fourth quarter of 2016, and we plan to cease selling them at the end of the fourth quarter of 2016. Although programs are in place
to convert silicone IOL accounts to our NanoFLEX IOL, we can give no assurance these programs will be successful. The Company will
continue to sell pre-loaded silicone IOLs internationally. Preloaded IOL sales represented 80% of the Company s IOL sales
in the first nine months of 2016, compared to 77% in the first nine months of 2015. 

Other product sales
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $0.6 million and $2.1, respectively, a decrease of 58.6% and 45.8%,
respectively, compared with the $1.5 million and $3.9 million, respectively, reported during the same period of 2015. The decrease
in other product sales is due to a decrease in injector part sales largely related to the repair and replacement at no charge to
STAAR of allegedly defective injectors manufactured by our third-party manufacturer and previously sold by STAAR. 

Gross Profit   

Gross profit for the
third quarter was $14.9 million, or 74.2% of revenue, compared with $12.8 million, or 68.3% of revenue, in the prior year period.
We attribute improved margins to an increased mix of higher margin ICL units, lower ICL unit costs, partially offset by higher
IOL unit costs and other cost of sales and lower inventory reserves. 

During the first nine
months of 2016, gross profit was $42.5 million, or 70.5% of net sales, compared with $38.1 million, or 67.6% of net sales, in the
prior year period. The increase in gross margin for the first nine months of 2016 is due to an increased mix of higher margin ICL
units, higher average selling prices, and partially offset by the $0.6 million non-cash charge related to the immediate vesting
of all unvested equity awards because of the triggering of  Change of Control  provision of the Company s equity
incentive plan. 

General and Administrative   

General and administrative
expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 were $5.0 million, an increase of 2.7% when compared with $4.9 million reported
for the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to the unfavorable impact of the Japanese yen on expenses. 

General and administrative
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $18.4 million, an increase of 24.6% when compared with $14.7 million
reported for the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to a $2.9 million non-cash charge related to the immediate
vesting of all unvested equity awards because of the triggering of the  Change of Control  provision of the Company s
equity incentive plan, local taxes in Japan, and the unfavorable impact of the Japanese yen on expenses. 

Marketing and Selling   

Marketing and selling
expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 were $7.1 million, an increase of 13.8% when compared with $6.3 million reported
for the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to increased marketing costs related to our rebranding efforts, increased
international selling and promotional costs, increased trade show costs, and the unfavorable impact of the Japanese yen on expenses. 

Marketing and selling
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $22.0 million, an increase of 23.7% when compared with $17.8 million
reported for the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to a $1.5 million non-cash charge related to the immediate
vesting of all unvested equity awards because of the triggering of the  Change of Control  provision of the Company s
equity incentive plan, and increased marketing costs related to our rebranding efforts and increased international selling and
promotional costs, partially offset by the optimization of North American selling costs. 

Research and Development   

Research and development
expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 were $4.5 million, an increase of 20.9% when compared with $3.7 million reported
last year. The increase was primarily due to increased costs related to quality system improvements, including increased headcount,
and investments in clinical affairs and product development, partially offset by a decrease in FDA remediation expenses. 

Research and development
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $16.0 million, an increase of 48.3%, when compared with $10.8 million
reported in the same period last year. The increase was due to a $1.9 million non-cash charge related to the immediate vesting
of all unvested equity awards as a result of the triggering of the  Change of Control  provision of the Company s
equity incentive plan and increased costs related to quality system improvements including increased headcount, and investments
in clinical affairs and product development, partially offset by a decrease in FDA remediation expenses. 

Research and development
expense consists primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel responsible for the research and development of new
and existing products, costs of intellectual property protection and the regulatory, quality, and clinical activities required
to acquire and maintain product approvals globally. These costs are expensed as incurred. 

Other Income (Expense), Net   

* Denotes change is greater than  + 100% 

The year over year
change in other income (expense), net for the three and nine-month period is primarily due to changes in foreign currency gains
and losses and royalty income. 

Income Taxes   

* Denotes change is greater than  + 100% 

We recorded an income
tax benefit of $1.7 million and a provision for income taxes of $114,000, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and October 2, 2015.  The income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was attributable to: 1) the
Company s net operating losses reported by its foreign operations principally due to the acceleration of stock-based compensation
during the first quarter of 2016 and 2) a reduction in its foreign withholding taxes in connection with the dissolution of one
of its foreign subsidiaries effective April 1, 2016.  There are no unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions
taken by the Company.    

The provision (benefit)
for income taxes is determined using an estimated annual effective tax rate.  Based on current information and subject to
future events and circumstances, we expect the estimated annual effective tax rate for 2016 to be approximately 32%. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

STAAR s liquidity
requirements arise from the funding of our working capital needs, primarily inventory and accounts receivable. Our primary sources
for working capital and capital expenditures are cash flows from operating activities, proceeds from the exercise of stock options,
and borrowings under our credit facilities. Our liquidity also depends, in part, on customers paying within credit terms, and any
extended delays in payments or changes in credit terms given to major customers may have an impact on STAAR s cash flow.
In addition, any abnormal product returns or pricing adjustments may also affect our short-term funding. We may, in the future
elect to supplement this with further debt or commercial borrowing. 

STAAR believes its
current cash balances, coupled with cash flows from operating activities will be sufficient to meet its working capital requirements
for the foreseeable future, including the approximate $2 million cost in 2016 associated with our FDA remediation efforts, of which
$1.5 million was incurred in the first nine months of 2016. Although we anticipate these costs will continue, we cannot currently
estimate the amount but will provide an update as more information becomes available. If the need for financing arises, which we
cannot rule out, STAAR cannot assure that it will be available on acceptable terms, or if at all. STAAR s Japanese and Swiss
subsidiaries have bank lines of credit in place for working capital purposes, but STAAR does not maintain such a credit line in
the U.S. STAAR Japan s line of credit is currently fully drawn. 

To the extent STAAR s
cash balances exceed levels needed for working capital and as a cushion for unforeseen demand, STAAR intends to invest its cash
in expanding and improving its business. It does not anticipate paying dividends from its earnings for the foreseeable future. 

Overview of Changes
in Cash and Cash Equivalents and Other Working Capital Accounts.  

As of September 30,
2016, and January 1, 2016, respectively, STAAR had $14.3 million and $13.4 million, of cash and cash equivalents, respectively. 

Net cash provided
by operating activities was $0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and net cash used by operating activities
was $0.3 million for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. The net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, consisted of the net loss of $12.0 million, plus $8.9 million in non-cash items and $3.9 million increase in
net working capital. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was $2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.3 million in net cash used in investing
activities for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. Net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the acquisition
of property, plant and equipment. 

Net cash provided
by financing activities was $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $4.6 million in net cash provided
by financing activities for the nine months ended October 2, 2015. Cash provided by financing activities resulted from the proceeds
of sale-leaseback transactions of $1.2 million and exercises of stock options of $1.7 million, partially offset by the repurchase
of employee common stock for taxes withheld of $0.6 million and repayment of capital lease obligations of $0.3 million. 

Credit Facilities and Commitments   

Lines
of Credit and Guarantee    

See Note 12 of the
accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Covenant Compliance  

The Company believes it is in compliance
with the covenants of its credit facilities as of the date of this report. 

Employment Agreements  

See Note 12 of the
accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements, as that term is defined in the rules of the SEC, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current
or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

There have been no
material changes in the Company s qualitative and quantitative market risk since the disclosure in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2016. 

ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As
of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures
of STAAR Surgical Company and its subsidiaries (the  Company ). Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded,
as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
For purposes of this statement, the term  disclosure controls and procedures  means controls and other procedures of
the Company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or
submits under the Securities Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits
under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Our
management, including the CEO and the CFO, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over
financial reporting will necessarily prevent all fraud or material errors. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations on all internal control systems, our internal control system
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the control. The design of any system of internal control is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that any design will succeed in achieving
its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in circumstances,
or the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.  

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

Litigation and Claims   

From time to time,
the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and other matters arising in the normal course of business. Certain legal
proceedings in which we are currently involved are discussed under  Litigation and Claims  in Note 12,  Commitments
and Contingencies,  to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements provided in this report, and such discussions are
hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS    

Our short and long-term
success is subject to many factors that are beyond our control. Investors and prospective investors should consider carefully information
contained in this report and the risks and uncertainties described in  Part I Item 1A Risk Factors 
of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2016. Such risks and uncertainties could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5.   OTHER INFORMATION   

None. 

ITEM 6.   EXHIBITS   

3.1 
     Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date. (1)  

3.2 
     Amended and Restated By-laws. (2)   

4.4 
     Form of Certificate for Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share. (3)  

4.5 
     Amended and Restated STAAR Surgical Company Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, effective February 25, 2016. (4)  

31.1 
     Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *  

31.2 
     Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *  

32.1 
     Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. **  

101 
     Financial statements from the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of STAAR Surgical Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL), are filed herewith and include: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements tagged as blocks of text. *  

(1) 
     Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 11, 2014.  

(2) 
     Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 27, 2016.  

(3) 
     Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A, filed on April 18, 2003.  

(4) 
     Incorporated by reference to Appendix 1 of the Company s Proxy Statement filed on May 2, 2016.  

* 
     Filed herewith.  
 
     ** 
     Furnished herewith.  

Management contract or compensatory plan.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY 

Date:  November 3, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ STEPHEN P. BROWN 

Stephen P. Brown  

Chief Financial Officer   

(on behalf of the Registrant and as its  

principal financial officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451100_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

Certifications   

I, Caren Mason, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of STAAR Surgical Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 3, 2016 
       
     /s/ CAREN MASON  

Caren Mason  
           
          President, Chief Executive Officer, and  
         Director (principal executive officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451100_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

Certifications   

I, Stephen P. Brown,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of STAAR Surgical Company; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 3, 2016 
       
     /s/ STEPHEN P. BROWN  

Stephen P. Brown  
             
          Chief Financial Officer   
         (principal financial officer)     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451100_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350,  

As adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

In connection with
the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) by STAAR Surgical
Company ( Registrant ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Registrant as of and for the periods presented in the Report. 

Dated:    November 3, 2016 
       
     /s/ CAREN MASON  

Caren Mason  
             
          President, Chief Executive Officer,  
         and Director (principal executive officer)    

Dated:    November 3, 2016 
       
     /s/ STEPHEN P. BROWN  

Stephen P. Brown  
             
          Chief Financial Officer   
         (principal financial officer)    

A signed original
of this written statement required by 18   U.S.C. Section 1350   has been provided to STAAR Surgical Company and will
be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 staa-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 staa-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 staa-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 staa-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 staa-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 staa-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

