<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_891482_0000891482-16-000078_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7638771</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119138</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>370630</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2671995</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3337764</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>993782</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000891482-16-000078.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110173029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891482-16-000078
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FULL HOUSE RESORTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000891482
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		IRS NUMBER:				133391527
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32583
		FILM NUMBER:		161989297

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4670 S. FORT APACHE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 190
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7022217800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4670 S. FORT APACHE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 190
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89147

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000891482-16-000078.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 fullhouseresorts10-qx3q16.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  Form 10-Q                    (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
        
    For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
      or 
      o 
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
        
    For the transition period from         to 

Commission File No. 1-32583 
    
     FULL HOUSE RESORTS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)     

(702) 221-7800 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes         No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes          No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  small reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                 Large Accelerated Filer   o 
    Accelerated Filer   o 
      Non Accelerated Filer   o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o      No     

As of November 10, 2016, there were 22,864,963 shares of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

1 

FULL HOUSE RESORTS, INC. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  INDEX 

Page 
      PART I. Financial Information 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
      
    3 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Operations  
      
    3 
        
     Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      
    4 
        
     Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity  
      
    5 
        
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      
    6 
        
     Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
    7 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    23 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      
    37 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
      
    37 

PART II. Other Information 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
      
    38 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
      
    38 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
      
    41 

Signatures  
      
    42 

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

See condensed notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

See condensed notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

See condensed notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

See condensed notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

FULL HOUSE RESORTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
   
  1. ORGANIZATION 
    
  Organization.   Formed as a Delaware corporation in 1987, Full House Resorts, Inc. owns, operates, develops, manages, and/or invests in casinos and related hospitality and entertainment facilities. References in this document to "Full House", the "Company",  we ,  our , or  us  refer to Full House Resorts, Inc. and its subsidiaries, except where stated or the context otherwise indicates. 
    
  On May 13, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of Bronco Billy's Casino and Hotel and concurrently refinanced its outstanding first and second lien debt.  We currently own and operate   four   casino properties and operate Grand Lodge Casino subject to a space lease.  The following identifies the properties along with their dates of acquisition and locations:   
                       Property 
      
    Acquisition 
  Date 
      
    Location 
      Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel  
      
    2012 
      
    Hancock County, MS (near New Orleans) 
      Bronco Billy's Hotel and Casino  
      
    2016 
      
    Cripple Creek, CO (near Colorado Springs) 
      Rising Star Casino Resort  
      
    2011 
      
    Rising Sun, IN (near Cincinnati) 
      Stockman s Casino  
      
    2007 
      
    Fallon, NV (one hour east of Reno) 
      Grand Lodge Casino (leased and part of the Hyatt Regency Lake Tahoe Resort) 
      
    2011 
      
    Incline Village, NV (North Shore of Lake Tahoe) 

We manage our casinos based on geographic regions within the United States.  Accordingly, Stockman s Casino and Grand Lodge Casino comprise our Northern Nevada business segment, while Silver Slipper, Rising Star, and Bronco Billy's are currently distinct segments.  See Note 12 for further information. 
   
  2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Basis of Presentation.    As permitted by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s 2015 annual consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  The interim consolidated financial statements of the Company included herein reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to present fairly the financial position and results of operations for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year. 
    
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Full House and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  Fair Value Measurements.   Fair value measurements affect our accounting for net assets acquired in acquisition transactions, share-based compensation, and certain financial assets and liabilities such as our common stock warrant liability.  Our periodic assessments of long-lived tangible and intangible assets for possible impairment, including for property and equipment, goodwill, and other intangible assets, may also be affected by fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and is measured according to a hierarchy that includes:  Level 1  inputs, such as quoted prices in an active market for identical assets or liabilities;  Level 2  inputs, which are observable inputs for similar assets; or  Level 3  inputs, which are unobservable inputs. 
    
  The Company utilizes Level 3 inputs when measuring net assets acquired in business combination transactions, subsequent assessments for impairment, and the estimated fair value of common stock warrants at issuance and for recurring changes in the related warrant liability (see Note 6). 

7 

Income Taxes.   For interim income tax reporting, it was determined that the Company's annual effective tax rate could not be reasonably estimated at the present time. As a result, the actual year-to-date effective tax rate was used to determine the tax expense incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
    
  Earnings (Loss) Per Share.    Earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) applicable to common stock by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the additional dilution for all potentially-dilutive securities, including common stock options, warrants and unvested restricted shares, using the treasury stock method.  
    
  Debt Issuance Costs.    In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,  ( ASU 2015-03 ), which is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount. The amortization of such costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. Accordingly, the Company has adopted this accounting standard and reclassified the prior-period amounts to conform to the current-period presentation. 
    
  Reclassifications.   Certain minor reclassifications have been made to prior period amounts to conform to the current-period presentation.  Such reclassifications had no effect on the previously reported net income (loss) or retained earnings. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards.   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  ( ASU 2016-02 ), which replaces the existing guidance in ASC 840, Leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. ASU 2016-02 requires a dual approach for lessee accounting under which a lessee would account for leases as finance leases or operating leases. Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of-use ( ROU ) asset and a corresponding lease liability. The Company is currently assessing the impact that adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures. 
    
  Management believes that there are no other recently issued accounting standards not yet effective that are likely to have a material impact on our financial statements.  
   
  3. ACQUISITION  
    
  On May 13, 2016, we completed our acquisition of Bronco Billy's Casino and Hotel from Pioneer Group, Inc. for estimated consideration of   $31.1 million  , inclusive of an adjustment for net working capital. The acquisition included the   three   licensed operations in Cripple Creek, Colorado known as Bronco Billy's Casino, Buffalo Billy's Casino and Billy's Casino (collectively referred to as "Bronco Billy's").  The results of Bronco Billy's operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. The acquisition was financed primarily through a   $35 million   increase in our Second Lien Credit Facility (see Note 6).  Bronco Billy s has approximately   803   slot and video poker machines,   13   table games and a   24  -guest-room hotel. This acquisition diversifies our operations into a new geographical market. 
    
   We are in the process of completing our valuation analysis and thus these estimates are subject to change.  During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized a measurement period adjustment increasing the carrying amount of certain leasehold improvements within property, plant and equipment by   $500,000  , with a corresponding decrease to gaming licenses.  The related additional amortization expense for the leasehold improvements was not material. The following table summarizes our preliminary estimates of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date: 
  
   8 

The   $4.8 million   of estimated goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the assets acquired, was primarily attributable to expected synergies and the economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized, including the assembled workforce of Bronco Billy's.  All of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
    
  Gaming licenses and trade names are intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.  
    
  The Company incurred   $0.4 million   of acquisition-related costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and   $0.4 million   for the year ended December 31, 2015.  These costs are included in the consolidated statements of operations under "Project development and acquisition costs".  We also incurred   $1.5 million   of debt issuance costs,   $0.6 million   of warrant issuance costs, and   $0.6 million   of debt modification expenses in conjunction with the refinanced credit facilities. 
    
  From May 13, 2016 through September 30, 2016, Bronco Billy's revenues were   $11.1 million   and net income was   $1.9 million   and were included in our consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  The following unaudited pro forma consolidated income statement for the Company includes the results of  Bronco Billy's as if the acquisition and related financing transactions occurred on January 1, 2015. The pro forma financial information does not necessarily represent the results that might have actually occurred or may occur in the future. The pro forma amounts include the historical operating results of Full House and Bronco Billy's prior to the acquisition, adjusted only for matters directly attributable to the acquisition, which primarily include interest expense related to the Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities (see Note 6).  The pro forma results also reflect adjustments for the impact of depreciation and amortization expense based on the estimated fair value of property and equipment acquired, tax expense, and the removal of non-recurring expenses directly attributable to the transaction of $  58,000   and   $0.8 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and   $1.2 million   and   $0.9 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The pro forma results do not include any anticipated synergies or other expected benefits from the acquisition. 

9 

4.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
   Property and equipment, including capital lease assets, consists of the following: 

5. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES 
    
  At least annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently when there is a material change in circumstances that could have a negative effect, the Company performs an assessment of its goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets to determine if the carrying value of such assets exceeds the fair value. No change in circumstances that would trigger an evaluation occurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, or subsequently. 
   
  6. LONG-TERM DEBT AND WARRANT LIABILITY 
    
  Long-Term Debt 
    
  On May 13, 2016, we entered into an amended and restated First Lien Credit Facility ("Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility") with Capital One Bank, N.A., ("Capital One"), which includes a First Term Loan of   $45 million   and Revolving Loan of   $2 million  , and an amended and restated Second Lien Credit Facility ("Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility") with ABC Funding, LLC, which includes a term loan facility increase from   $20 million   to   $55 million  , of which the additional proceeds of   $35 million   were used primarily to complete our acquisition of Bronco Billy's.  The Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of our assets and our wholly-owned subsidiaries guarantee our obligations under the agreements.  The Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility is subordinate to the lien of the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility. 
    
  Long-term debt, related discounts and issuance costs consists of the following: 

10 

First Lien Credit Facility  . The Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility matures in May 2019 and requires monthly interest-only payments and quarterly principal payments of   $562,500   until May 2018, with such quarterly principal payments increasing to   $843,750   through maturity.  We incurred debt issuance costs of   $248,000  , which are being amortized over the remaining term of the loan, and expensed debt modification costs of   $330,000  . We made our required quarterly payment of $562,500 due October 1, 2016, on September 30, 2016. 
    
  The interest rate of the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility is initially based on the greater of the elected London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) (as defined) or   1.0%  , plus a margin rate of   3.75%  .  The margin rate of   3.75%   will increase by 50 basis points beginning in May 2017 and will increase by an additional 50 basis points if the Company does not raise at least   $5 million   of gross equity proceeds by May 13, 2017.  The rights offering satisfied this latter condition, preventing such increase in the interest rate spread (see footnote 13). There is no prepayment premium or interest rate cap associated with this facility. 
    
  During June 2016,   $569,000   of previously restricted cash proceeds drawn from the original construction loan were released to the Company. 
    
  Second Lien Credit Facility  . The Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility matures on the earlier of (i) May 13, 2022, or (ii)   six   months following the maturity date of the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility.  Given that the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility currently matures in May 2019, the current maturity date of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility is November 2019.  Interest is currently payable monthly at a rate of   13.5%   (and may vary between   12.5%   and   13.5%  , depending on the total leverage of the Company), and there are no quarterly principal payment requirements as all principal is due at maturity. The prepayment premium is   3%   of the total principal amount until May 13, 2017,   2%   until May 13, 2018,   1%   until May 13, 2019, and   no   prepayment premium thereafter. We incurred debt issuance costs of   $1,239,000  , which are being amortized over the current remaining term of the loan, and expensed debt modification costs of   $294,000  . 
    
  Covenants  . The Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities contain customary negative covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions on our ability to: incur indebtedness; grant liens; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; make investments; dispose of assets; and change the basic underlying nature of our business.  We are also required to make capital expenditures of at least   1.425%  , and no more than   5.25%  , of our prior-year revenues, excluding capital expenditures made from any future sale of equity securities. 
    
  The Amended and Restated First Lien and Second Lien Credit Facilities define Adjusted EBITDA as, for any four fiscal quarter period, (a) net income (loss) for such period, plus (b) to the extent deducted in determining net income (loss) for such period: (i) interest expense, (ii) provisions for income taxes, (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses, (iv) extraordinary losses (including non-cash impairment charges), (v) stock compensation expense, (vi) acquisition costs related to Bronco Billy's in an aggregate amount not to exceed   $1 million  , (vii) pre-opening expenses related to the hotel at Silver Slipper that opened in 2015, and (viii) non-recurring development expenses for new initiatives in an aggregate amount not to exceed   $500,000   for the trailing four consecutive fiscal quarters, minus (c) extraordinary gains, and minus (d) joint venture net income, unless such net income has been actually received by the Company in the form of cash dividends or distributions. Adjusted EBITDA shall include results for Bronco Billy's as if it were owned for the entire measurement period.  
    
  The Amended and Restated First Lien and Second Lien Credit Facilities require that we maintain specified financial covenants, including a total leverage ratio, a first lien leverage ratio, and a fixed charge coverage ratio, all of which measure Adjusted EBITDA  against outstanding debt and fixed charges (as defined in the agreements). These financial covenant ratios currently are as follows: 
  
   11 

Additionally, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter shall not be less than 1.10x. 

Additionally, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter shall not be less than 1.0x. 
    
  We were in compliance with our covenants as of September 30, 2016; however, there can be no assurances that we will remain in compliance with all covenants in the future. The Amended First and Second Lien Credit Facilities also include customary events of default, including, among other things: non-payment; breach of covenant; breach of representation or warranty; cross-default under certain other indebtedness or guarantees; commencement of insolvency proceedings; inability to pay debts; entry of certain material judgments against us or our subsidiaries; occurrence of certain ERISA events; repurchase of our own stock; and certain changes of control. A breach of a covenant or other events of default could cause the loans to be immediately due and payable, terminate commitments for additional loan funds, or the lenders could exercise any other remedy available under the Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities or by law.  If a breach of covenants or other event of default were to occur, we would seek modifications to covenants or a temporary waiver or waivers from the Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities lenders. No assurance can be given that we would be successful in obtaining such waivers or modifications. 
    
  We are required to make prepayments under the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility, under certain conditions as defined in the agreement, in addition to the scheduled principal installments as defined. With regards to the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, no mandatory prepayments are required prior to the discharge of the First Lien Credit Facility.  
    
  Warrant Liability 
    
  As part of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, on May 13, 2016, the Company granted the second lien lenders   1,006,568   warrants representing   5%   of the outstanding common equity of the Company, as determined on a fully-diluted basis.  The warrants have an exercise price of   $1.67   (the average trading price of the Company's common stock during a   60  -day period bracketing the completion of the financing) and expire May 13, 2026. The warrants also provide the second lien lenders with redemption rights, pre-emptive rights under certain circumstances to maintain their   5%   ownership interest in the Company, piggyback registration rights and mandatory registration rights after   two   years.  The redemption rights allow the second lien lenders, at their option, to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of all of the warrants in the event of: (i) the maturity of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, (ii) an acceleration pursuant to the Amended and Restated Second Lien  
  
   12 

Credit Facility, (iii) a refinancing, repayment or other transaction decreasing the aggregate principal amount of the Amended Second Lien Facility debt outstanding as of May 13, 2016 by more than   50%  , (iv) a liquidity event, as defined, or (v) the Company's insolvency. The repurchase value is the   21  -day average price of the Company's stock at the time of the event, as defined, net of the warrant exercise price.  If the redemption rights are exercised, the repurchase amount is payable by the Company in cash or through the issuance of an unsecured note with a   four  -year term and a minimum interest rate of   13.25%  , as further defined.  Although unsecured, the note would be guaranteed by the Company's subsidiaries. Alternatively, the second lien lenders may choose to have the Company register and sell the shares related to the warrants through a public stock offering. 
    
  We measure the fair value of the warrants at each reporting period.  The fair value at issuance of the warrants was   $0.6 million  , which was recorded as a liability due to the redemption feature and a resulting discount to the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility.  The discount is amortized to interest expense during the expected term of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, which is currently   3.5   years.  The Company recognized   $0.2 million   of income and   $0.1 million   of expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, due to a change in the fair value of the warrants, which was reflected as part of "Other" non-operating expense on the consolidated statements of operations.  
    
  Due to the variable terms regarding the timing of the settlement of the warrants, the Company utilized a "Monte Carlo" simulation approach to measure the fair value of the warrants.  The simulation included the Company's stock price and the following assumptions: an expected contractual term of   3.85   years, an expected stock price volatility rate of   44.78%  , an expected dividend yield of   0%  , and an expected risk-free interest rate of   1.1%  .  The simulation included certain estimates by Company management regarding the estimated timing of the settlement of the warrants. Significant increases or decreases in those management estimates would result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement.  The Company also utilized the Monte Carlo simulation approach for its valuation at September 30, 2016 which included the following assumptions: an expected contractual term of   3.57   years, an expected stock price volatility rate of   45.99%  , an expected dividend yield of   0%  , and an expected risk-free interest rate of   1.06%  .  
   
  7. CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATION 
    
  Our Indiana subsidiary, Gaming Entertainment (Indiana) LLC ("GEI"), leases a   104  -room hotel at Rising Star Casino Resort.  At any time during the lease term, we have the exclusive option to purchase the hotel at a price based upon the project s actual cost of   $7.7 million  , reduced by the cumulative principal payments made by the Company during the lease term.  At September 30, 2016, such net amount was   $5.8 million  .  Upon expiration of the lease term, (i) the Landlord has the right to sell the hotel to us, and (ii) we have the option to purchase the hotel.  In either case, the purchase price is   $1   plus closing costs. The hotel lease agreement is not guaranteed by any other subsidiary or the parent company. 
    
  On March 16, 2016, the hotel lease agreement was amended. The amendment extended the initial term of the lease by   four   years to October 1, 2027 and modified the rent payment schedule. The rental rate has been reduced from   $77,537   per month as follows: (i) to   $48,537   per month from April 2016 through March 2017, (ii) to   $56,537   per month from April 2017 through March 2018; (iii) to   $57,537   per month from April 2018 through March 2019; and (iv) to   $63,537   per month from April 2019 through March 2020. Beginning April 1, 2020 through the end of the lease, the scheduled monthly payment shall be   $54,326  . The amendment also requires the Company to make certain improvements to the Rising Star Casino Resort of at least   $1 million   by March 31, 2017 which the Company planned and intends to complete. If the Company does not make the $1 million of improvements, the lease will revert back to the original payment schedule. 
   
  8.  INCOME TAXES 
    
  The Company's effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was   56.9%   and   -21.4%  , compared to an effective tax rate of   -42.1%   and   74.3%   during the corresponding prior-year periods. Our tax rate differs from the statutory rate of   34.0%   primarily due to the effects of our valuation allowance and certain permanent items for tax purposes, with such differences being amplified by the Company's low pre-taxable income (loss) during recent periods.  During 2016, we continued to provide a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that remain after being utilized by available deferred tax liabilities.  In future years, if it is determined that we meet the "more likely than not" threshold of utilizing our deferred tax assets, we may reverse some or all of our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets.  Our annual effective tax rate could not be reasonably estimated at the present time. 
  
   13 

9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Operating Leases 
    
  In addition to the following leases, we have less significant operating leases for certain office and warehouse facilities, office equipment, signage and land. 
    
  Grand Lodge Casino Lease through August 2023.    Our subsidiary, Gaming Entertainment (Nevada), LLC, has a lease with Hyatt Equities L.L.C. ("Hyatt") to operate the Grand Lodge Casino.  The lease is secured by the Company s interests under the lease and property as defined and is subordinate to the liens in the Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities. Hyatt has an option, beginning January 1, 2019, to purchase our leasehold interest and related operating assets of the Grand Lodge Casino subject to assumption of applicable liabilities. The option price is an amount equal to the Grand Lodge Casino s positive working capital, plus Grand Lodge Casino s earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) for the twelve-month period preceding the acquisition (or pro-rated if less than twelve months remain on the lease), plus the fair market value of the Grand Lodge Casino s personal property.  Monthly rent will increase from   $125,000   to (i)   $145,833   commencing on January 1, 2017 (or the date which Hyatt's renovations are completed as described below, whichever is later), and (ii)   $166,667   commencing on January 1, 2018.  As a condition of the lease, the Company is required to purchase new gaming devices and equipment or make other capital expenditures at its sole cost and expense of approximately   $1.5 million   and Hyatt is required to renovate the casino at its sole cost and expense of approximately   $3.5 million  , with both parties completing these renovations by June 30, 2017.  
    
  We also have an agreement with Hyatt to rent a villa for use by our designated casino guests which commenced on June 1, 2016. The villa is a free-standing building and consists of two, two-bedroom suites. The agreement includes monthly payments of   $41,667  , a   six  -month termination notification clause which may be exercised by either party, and a maturity date of August 31, 2023, or earlier as set forth therein.  
    
  Silver Slipper Casino Land Lease through April 2058 and Options to Purchase.   In 2004, our subsidiary, Silver Slipper Casino Venture, LLC, entered into a land lease with Cure Land Company, LLC for approximately   31   acres of marshlands and a seven-acre parcel on which the Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel is situated (the "Silver Slipper Land Lease"). The Silver Slipper Land Lease includes base monthly payments of   $77,500   plus contingent rents of   3%   of monthly gross gaming revenue (as defined) in excess of   $3.65 million  .  
    
  The Silver Slipper Land Lease includes an exclusive option to purchase the leased land ( Purchase Option ) after February 26, 2019 through October 1, 2027, for   $15.5 million   plus a seller retained interest in Silver Slipper Casino   Hotel s operations of   3%   of net income (as defined), for   ten   years from the purchase date. In the event that we sell or transfer (i) substantially all of the assets of Silver Slipper Casino Venture, LLC, or (ii) our membership interests in Silver Slipper Casino Venture, LLC in its entirety, the purchase price will increase to   $17.1 million   plus the retained interest for   ten   years mentioned above. In either case, we also have an option to purchase only a   four  -acre portion of the leased land for   $2 million  , which may be exercised at any time in conjunction with the development of a hotel and which accordingly reduces the purchase price of the remaining land by   $2 million  .  
    
  Bronco Billy's Lease through 2035 and Option to Purchase.   Bronco Billy's leases certain parking lots and buildings, including a portion of the hotel and casino, under a long-term lease. The lease terms include an initial expiration date of January 2017, current rents of   $18,500   per month, and   six   renewal options in   three  -year increments to 2035.  Bronco Billy's recently exercised its first renewal option through January 2020, which increases the monthly rents to   $25,000   for the first two years of the renewal period and   $30,000   for the third year.  The lease also contains a   $7.6 million   purchase option exercisable at any time during the lease and a right of first refusal.  
    
  Corporate Office Lease.    In August 2016, the Company executed a lease for   4,479   square feet of office space in Las Vegas, Nevada.  The lease terms include a maturity date of   7.6   years and approximately   $0.2 million   of annual rents.  The lease includes a tenant improvement allowance of   $0.2 million  .  We are currently in the process of designing the space and anticipate moving in during mid-2017. 
    
  Litigation 
    
  In 2013 and 2014, we expended approximately   $1.6 million   to repair defects to the parking garage at the Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel. The parking garage was originally built in 2007, and we acquired the property in 2012. We hired outside legal counsel to pursue the reimbursement of such costs from the contractor and architect, who neglected to install certain structural elements required by the building codes. During the third quarter of 2015, the case was dismissed in favor of the defendants, as the statutes of repose had expired. We filed an appeal on November 2, 2015 on the basis that there were elements in the case that would have  
  
   14 

extended our right to seek reimbursement of the remedial costs.  On November 25, 2015, we entered into a settlement and release agreement with the architect, and on January 12, 2016, we filed an appellate brief in the US Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit with respect to our litigation with the contractor. On August 31, 2016 oral arguments were heard and we expect the court to issue an opinion during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  We are party to a number of pending legal proceedings which occurred in the normal course of business.  Management does not expect that the outcome of such proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material effect on our financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 
   
  10. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE 
    
  The weighted-average number of common and common equivalent shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted income per share consists of the following: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, all potentially dilutive securities, totaling   3.1 million   shares, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as their effect was anti-dilutive due to the net loss recognized by the Company.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, all   1.6 million   potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as their effect would be anti-dilutive. 
   
  11. SHARE-BASED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, we had   443,756   share-based awards available for grant from the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2015 Plan ). 
    
  In May 2016, the Company issued stock options to purchase   420,000   shares of our common stock to various employees of the Company, all of which have an exercise price of   $1.70   per share, a price slightly higher than the Company's closing price on the day of grant.  These stock options all vest in equal amounts over   three   years from the date of grant.  The Company also issued stock options to purchase   74,116   shares of our common stock at an exercise price of   $1.70   per share subject to a   one  -year vesting period, and   49,413   shares of common stock, which vested immediately, to members of our Board of Directors. 
    
  The following table summarizes information related to our common stock options as of September 30, 2016: 
  
   15 

We estimated the fair value of each stock option award on the grant date using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions. Changes in assumptions used can materially affect the fair value estimate. Option valuation assumptions for the options granted during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 included: an expected volatility range between   43.7%   and   44.6%  , an expected dividend yield of   0%  , an expected life of   5.0   to   5.8   years, and an expected weighted-average risk-free rate of between   1.3%   and   1.4%  .  
    
  Share-based compensation expense totaled   $95,000   and   $57,000  , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and   $315,000   and   $285,000  , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately   $0.8 million   of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options previously granted by the Company. This unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   2.1   years. 
   
  12. SEGMENT REPORTING 
    
  We manage our casinos based on geographic regions within the United States.  The casino/resort operations includes four segments;  the Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel (Hancock County, Mississippi); Bronco Billy's Casino and Hotel (Cripple Creek, Colorado); the Rising Star Casino Resort (Rising Sun, Indiana); and the Northern Nevada segment, consisting of the Grand Lodge Casino  (Incline Village, Nevada) and Stockman s Casino (Fallon, Nevada).  Bronco Billy's Casino and Hotel was included beginning May 13, 2016. 
    
  The Company's management utilizes Adjusted Property EBITDA as the primary profit measure for its segments.  Adjusted Property EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure defined as Adjusted EBITDA before corporate-related costs and expenses that are not allocated to each property.  Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure defined as earnings before interest and other non-operating income (expense), taxes, depreciation and amortization, pre-opening expenses, impairment charges, asset write-offs, recoveries, gain (loss) from asset disposals, project development and acquisition costs, and non-cash share-based compensation expense.  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Property EBITDA should not be construed as an alternative to operating income and net income for use as indicators of our performance; or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities for use as a measure of liquidity; or as an alternative to any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP. We have significant uses of cash flows, including capital expenditures, interest payments, taxes and debt principal repayments, which are not reflected in Adjusted EBITDA and/or Adjusted Property EBITDA. Also, other companies in the gaming and hospitality industries that report Adjusted EBITDA and/or Adjusted Property EBITDA information may calculate Adjusted EBITDA or Adjusted Property EBITDA in a different manner.      

16 

The following tables reflect selected operating information for our reporting segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and include a reconciliation of Adjusted Property EBITDA to operating income (loss) and net income (loss): 

17 

18 

19 

20 

Selected balance sheet data is as follows: 

21 

13. SUBSEQUENT EVENT 
    
  On August 15, 2016, the Company announced a   $5 million   rights offering.    A registration statement on Form S-3 relating to these securities was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 6, 2016.    The rights offering commenced on October 7, 2016 and the Company distributed, at no charge, non-transferable subscription rights to the holders of the Company's common stock as of August 25, 2016. 
    
  The Company closed on its rights offering on November 10, 2016.       The Company received a total of   $5 million   of gross proceeds (or an estimated   $4.7 million   of net proceeds after offering costs) from the rights offering through the issuance of    3,846,154   shares of common stock at a price of   $1.30   per share.  The net proceeds from the rights offering will be used to partially fund certain capital expenditure growth projects at our existing properties, as well as for general corporate purposes. 
    
  Of the   3,846,154   shares issued in connection with the rights offering, Daniel R. Lee, Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of the Company, purchased   1,000,000   shares as the standby purchaser in connection with the standby purchase agreement that the Company entered into with Mr. Lee on October 7, 2016.  Under the standby purchase agreement, Mr. Lee agreed to hold such shares for a minimum period.  

22 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ( MD A ) contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see  Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and related notes thereto and the other disclosures contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which were included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016. The results of operations for the periods reflected herein are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for future periods. Full House Resorts, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, may be referred to as  Full House , the  Company ,  we ,  our  or  us , except where stated or the context otherwise indicates. 
    
  Executive Overview 
    
  Our primary business is the ownership and operation of casino and related hospitality and entertainment facilities, which includes offering gaming, hotel, dining, entertainment, retail and other amenities.  We own or operate five casino properties in Mississippi, Indiana, Colorado and Nevada.  We view our Mississippi, Indiana and Colorado properties as distinct operating segments and both of our Nevada properties as one operating segment. 
    
  Our portfolio consists of the following: 
                       Property 
      
    Acquisition 
  Date 
      
    Location 
      Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel  
      
    2012 
      
    Hancock County, MS  
  (near New Orleans) 
      Bronco Billy Casino and Hotel  
      
    2016 
      
    Cripple Creek, CO  
  (near Colorado Springs) 
      Rising Star Casino Resort  
      
    2011 
      
    Rising Sun, IN  
  (near Cincinnati) 
      Stockman s Casino  
      
    2007 
      
    Fallon, NV  
  (one hour east of Reno) 
      Grand Lodge Casino (leased and part of the Hyatt Regency Lake Tahoe Resort) 
      
    2011 
      
    Incline Village, NV  
  (North Shore of Lake Tahoe) 

Our revenues are primarily derived from gaming sources, which include revenues from slot machines, table games and live keno. In addition, we derive a significant amount of revenue from our hotel rooms and food and beverage outlets. We also derive revenues from our golf course at the Rising Star Casino Resort, retail outlets and entertainment.  Our financial results are dependent upon the number of patrons that we attract to our properties and the amounts those guests spend per visit. Additionally, our operating results may be affected by, among other things, overall economic conditions affecting the disposable income of our guests, weather conditions affecting our properties, achieving and maintaining cost efficiencies, competitive factors, gaming tax increases and other regulatory changes, the commencement of new gaming operations and construction at existing facilities. We may experience significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to seasonality, variations in gaming hold percentages and other factors.  
    
  Our mission is to maximize shareholder value.  We seek to increase revenues by providing our guests with their favorite games and amenities, high-quality customer service, and appropriate customer loyalty programs.  Our customers include local gaming customers who represent a high potential for repeat visits.  We seek to satisfy our customers and build loyalty.  We continuously focus on improving the operating margins of our existing properties through a combination of top-line revenue growth and careful expense management. We also assess growth and development opportunities, which include capital investments at our existing properties, the development of new properties, and the acquisition of existing properties.  
    
  Bronco Billy's Acquisition and Amended and Restated Credit Facilities 
    
  On May 13, 2016, we completed our acquisition of Bronco Billy's Casino and Hotel in Cripple Creek, Colorado from Pioneer Group, Inc. for estimated consideration of $31.1 million, including an adjustment for net working capital.  Concurrent with the acquisition of Bronco Billy's, we entered into an amended and restated First Lien Credit Facility ("Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility") with a group of banks led by Capital One Bank, N.A., ("Capital One"), which includes a First Term Loan of $45 million and Revolving Loan of $2 million.  We also entered into an amended and restated Second Lien Credit Facility  
  
   23 

("Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility") with ABC Funding, LLC which includes a term loan facility increase from $20 million to $55 million, of which the additional proceeds of $35 million were primarily used to complete our acquisition of Bronco Billy's.  As part of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, on May 13, 2016, the Company granted the second lien lenders 1,006,568 redeemable warrants.  
    
  Bronco Billy s has approximately 803 slot and video poker machines, 13 table games, a 24-guest-room hotel, a steakhouse, four casual dining outlets, and an outdoor amphitheater. This acquisition diversified our operations into a new geographical market and we believe it will provide opportunities for long-term growth for our stockholders. The acquisition included the three licensed operations known as Bronco Billy's Casino, Buffalo Billy's Casino and Billy's Casino. 
    
  See Notes 3 and 6 in the Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.  
    
  Rights Offering  
    
  On August 15, 2016, the Company announced a $5 million rights offering.    A registration statement on Form S-3 relating to these securities was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 6, 2016.    The rights offering commenced on October 7, 2016 and the Company distributed, at no charge, non-transferable subscription rights to the holders of the Company's common stock as of August 25, 2016. 
    
  The Company closed on its rights offering on November 10, 2016.       The Company received a total of $5 million of gross proceeds (or an estimated $4.7 million of net proceeds after offering costs) from the rights offering through the issuance of  3,846,154 shares of common stock at a price of $1.30 per share.  The net proceeds from the rights offering will be used to partially fund certain capital expenditure growth projects at our existing properties, as well as for general corporate purposes. 
    
  Of the 3,846,154 shares issued in connection with the rights offering, Daniel R. Lee, Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of the Company, purchased 1,000,000 shares as the standby purchaser in connection with the standby purchase agreement that the Company entered into with Mr. Lee on October 7, 2016.  Under the standby purchase agreement, Mr. Lee agreed to hold such shares for a minimum period.  
  Key Performance Indicators 
    
  We use several key performance indicators to evaluate the operations of our properties. These key performance indicators include the following: 
    
     Gaming Revenue Indicators: 
    
  Slot coin-in is the gross dollar amount wagered in slot machines and table game drop is the total amount of cash or promises to pay ( markers ) exchanged into chips for use at the Company s table games. Slot coin-in and table game drop are indicators of volume. 
    
  Slot win is the difference between customer wagers and customer winnings on slot machines.  Table game hold is the difference between net winnings by customers and the amount of money or markers exchanged into chips.   Slot win and table game hold percentages represent the relationship between slot coin-in and table game drop to gaming wins and losses. 
    
     Room Revenue Indicators: 
    
  Hotel occupancy rate is an indicator of the utilization of our available rooms; average daily rate ( ADR ) is a price indicator; and hotel revenue per available room ( RevPAR ) is the product of the two and indicates the overall revenue generation of the hotel. Complimentary room sales, or the retail value of accommodations gratuitously furnished to customers, are included in the calculation of the hotel occupancy rate, ADR and RevPAR. 
    
  EBITDA Margin: 
    
  EBITDA margin is a measure of operating performance calculated by dividing the property's Adjusted Property EBITDA by its net revenues. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Property EBITDA: 

24 

Management uses Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Property EBITDA as measures of performance as more fully explained and discussed later herein. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for additional information. 
   
  Results of Operations 
    
  Consolidated operating results 
  The following summarizes our consolidated operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following discussion is based on our consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
    
  Revenues.   Consolidated net revenues for the three-month period increased   21.9%   primarily due to the acquisition of Bronco Billy's.  Excluding Bronco Billy's, our consolidated net revenues were flat, as each of our other properties had modest changes or were flat for the quarter.  
    
  Consolidated net revenues for the nine-month period increased   15.4%  , due to our acquisition of Bronco Billy's and increases at each of our properties. Excluding Bronco Billy's, our consolidated net revenues increased   3.6%  .  At Silver Slipper, the completion of the new hotel in September 2015 helped drive an increase in customers and casino revenue.  At Rising Star, marketing enhancements and other customer-focused initiatives resulted in increases in both slots and table games revenue. At our Northern Nevada segment, Grand Lodge Casino experienced an increase in casino revenues primarily due to an improved ski  
  
   25 

season in the Lake Tahoe region, while Stockman's casino revenues increased due to modest physical improvements at the property and marketing enhancements.   
    
  See further information within our reportable segments     described below. 
    
  Operating Expenses.   Consolidated operating expenses increased for the three and nine-month periods, primarily as a result of the acquisition of Bronco Billy's, an increase in casino expenses, and an increase in selling, general and administrative costs.  Excluding Bronco Billy's, our operating expenses increased   4.5%   and   4.9%   for the three and nine-month periods, respectively, primarily due to an increase at Rising Star.  
    
  See further information within our reportable segments     described below. 
    
  Interest Expense and Other, Net.    
    
    Interest Expense 
       
  Interest expense consists of the following: 

The increase in interest cost above was primarily attributed to the debt refinancing on May 13, 2016, which resulted in $35 million of additional debt proceeds.  
    
    Other, Net 
    
  Other non-operating expense (income) during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of debt modification costs in conjunction with the refinancing of $24,000 and $624,000, respectively, and a change in the fair value of our warrant liability of ($181,000) and $60,000, respectively. 
    
     Income Tax Expense.    The Company's effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 56.9% and -21.4%, compared to an effective tax rate of -42.1% and 74.3% during the corresponding prior-year periods. Our tax rate differs from the statutory rate of 34.0% primarily due to the effects of our valuation allowance and items that are permanently treated differently for GAAP and tax purposes, with such differences being amplified by the Company's low pre-taxable income (loss) during recent periods.  During 2016, we continued to provide a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, net of any available deferred tax liabilities.  In future years, if it is determined that we meet the "more likely than not" threshold of utilizing our deferred tax assets, we may reverse some or all of our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets.  
    
  We do not expect to pay any federal income taxes or receive any federal tax refunds related to our 2016 results.  Tax losses incurred in 2016 may shelter taxable income in future years, but because of the level of uncertainty regarding sufficient prospective income, we maintain a valuation allowance against our remaining deferred tax assets, as mentioned above. 
    
  Operating Results   Reportable Segments 
    
  We manage our casinos based on geographic regions within the United States. Accordingly, Stockman s Casino and Grand Lodge Casino comprise our Northern Nevada business segment, while Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel, Rising Star Casino Resort and Bronco Billy's Casino and Hotel are currently distinct segments. We no longer have a Development/Management segment as we did not manage any properties for others during the reporting periods. 
    
  Management uses Adjusted Property EBITDA as the primary profit measure for its reportable segments (see "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the next subsection for additional information). The following table presents detail by segment of our consolidated net revenue and Adjusted EBITDA:  
  
   26 

Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel 
    
  Net revenues during the three-month period were flat.  Slot and table games revenue increased, but were mostly offset by an increase in promotional allowances and a decrease in food and beverage revenues. The decrease in food and beverage revenue was due to significant marketing efforts in the 2015 period to increase guest counts through the use of food promotions. Such marketing efforts were reduced during the 2016 period, with a more directed focus being taken with respect to marketing. Our hotel occupancy was 90% during the quarter. 
    
  Net revenues during the nine-month period increased 3.2%, primarily due to the opening of the hotel in phases between May and September 2015, resulting in growth in both customer counts and gaming volumes. Slot revenue increased 4% and table games revenue rose 7.5% despite a 0.9 percentage point decrease in hold percentage.  These increases were partially offset by a decrease in non-gaming net revenues (principally food and beverage revenues, as described above) of 7.6%.  Our hotel occupancy was 88.4% during the nine-month period. 
        
  Adjusted Property EBITDA for the three-month period decreased 4.5% primarily due to an increase in promotional activity, higher property and franchise taxes, and an increase in marketing.  Additionally, during the three-month period, severe rain and flooding affected guests from several of Silver Slipper's feeder markets.  Adjusted Property EBITDA margin for the quarter was   15.4%   versus   16.2%   in the prior-year period. 
    
  Adjusted Property EBITDA for the nine-month period decreased 5.6% primarily due to increased casino expenses and selling, general and administrative costs, which increased for similar reasons to those mentioned above for the three-month period.  These increases were partially offset by the increase in net revenues discussed above attributable to the opening of the hotel, and a $0.5 million decrease in food and beverage costs. Adjusted Property EBITDA margin for the nine-month period was   16.5%   versus   18.1%   in the prior-year period. 
    
  Rising Star Casino Resort 
    
  Net revenues during the three-month period were flat and included a 0.5% decrease in slot revenue and an 8.6% decrease in table games revenue, offset by an 11% increase in non-gaming net revenues (including food and beverage, hotel, golf and retail).   Table games were adversely impacted by a hold percentage that was 14.2% in the recent quarter, versus 17.7% in the prior-year period and a three-year average of 17.8%. 
    
  Net revenues during the nine-month period increased 4% due to marketing enhancements and other customer-focused initiatives.  Slot revenue increased 2%, table games revenue increased 10.5%, and non-gaming net revenues (including food and beverage, hotel, golf and retail) increased 10.6%.  

27 

Adjusted Property EBITDA for the three-month period decreased 69.4%, primarily due to a $1.4 million property tax refund received in the prior-year period that reduced selling, general and administrative costs. Adjusted Property EBITDA margin for the quarter was   6.0%   versus   19.5%   in the prior-year period.  
    
  Adjusted Property EBITDA for the nine-month period decreased 23.6% due to the property tax refund received in the prior-year period described above and increased marketing and advertising costs, partially offset by the increase in net revenues.  Adjusted Property EBITDA margin for the nine-month period was   6.7%   versus   9.2%   in the prior-year period.   
    
  On March 16, 2016, we entered into the first amendment to our capital lease agreement related to our leased hotel.  The amendment extended the initial term of the lease by four years to October 1, 2027, modified the rent payment schedule by lowering our monthly payments, and requires us to make a minimum of $1 million of capital improvements at Rising Star by March 31, 2017.  
       
  All casinos as currently allowed by law in Indiana and Ohio have now opened. Kentucky does not permit casino gaming. However, a Kentucky Supreme Court decision in 2014 may permit a horse racing track in northern Kentucky to install slot machine-like devices.  Also, the Indiana legislature passed legislation to allow table games at racetracks beginning in 2020. Although Indiana's two racetracks are not currently allowed to have table games with live dealers, they do offer electronic table games at their facilities. We believe these prospective and potential increases in competition are more limited than the legalization and opening of a significant number of casinos in Ohio, which adversely affected Rising Star over the past several years. 
    
  Bronco Billy's Casino and Hotel 
    
  As described above in our Executive Overview section, we acquired Bronco Billy's on May 13, 2016.  Bronco Billy s occupies a significant portion of the key city block of Cripple Creek s prime  casino strip  and is believed to be one of the town's two market leaders. Cripple Creek is the principal gaming center for the Colorado Springs metropolitan area, which is approximately one hour east of Cripple Creek. Colorado Springs is the second-largest metropolitan area in Colorado with a population of approximately 700,000, growing in recent years at a 3.5% rate. The market is seasonal, favoring the summer months.      
    
  Net revenues during the three month period ended September 30, 2016 were $7.6 million, consisting of $6.5 million of slot revenues, $0.4 million of table games revenue, and $0.7 million of non-gaming net revenues (including food and beverage, hotel and other). 
    
  Net revenues from May 13, 2016 through September 30, 2016 were $11.1 million, consisting of $9.5 million of slot revenues, $0.6 million of table games revenues and $1 million of non-gaming net revenues. 
    
  Adjusted Property EBITDA for the three month period was $1.6 million and Adjusted Property EBITDA margin was   21.3%  .  
    
  Adjusted Property EBITDA from May 13, 2016 through September 30, 2016 was $2.7 million.  The property benefited in the second quarter from a lower state gaming tax rate related to the timing of our purchase.  The gaming tax incurred during the third quarter reflects the estimated annual gaming tax rate considering the Colorado Limited Gaming Control Commission's progressive tax schedule and their fiscal year that ends on June 30.  
    
  See Note 3 to the Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the preliminary estimates of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.  
    
  Northern Nevada 
    
  Net revenues during the three-month period decreased 2.3% compared to the prior-year quarter, driven by softer guest volumes at Grand Lodge Casino during the summer period.  Slot revenue declined 2.2%, table games revenues declined 0.7% and non-gaming net revenues decreased 6%.  
    
  Net revenues during the nine-month period increased 4%, primarily as a result of the improved ski season in the Lake Tahoe region.  Snow levels for the 2015/2016 ski season were above those of recent years and resulted in an increase in customers.  These factors helped cause a 7.5% increase in table games revenue and a 3.7% increase in slot revenue for our Northern Nevada segment. At Stockman's Casino, cosmetic facility improvements, marketing enhancements, and certain management and operational changes from mid-2015 helped increase casino revenue by 6%.  

28 

Adjusted Property EBITDA during the three-month period decreased 16.3% primarily due to the revenue decrease described above, increased promotional activity, and an increase in rents due to Hyatt. Adjusted Property EBITDA margin for the quarter was   28.0%   versus   32.7%   in the prior-year quarter. 
    
  Adjusted Property EBITDA for the nine-month period was flat.  While net revenues increased, such amounts were offset by the increases in casino expenses and selling, general and administrative costs described above for the three-month period.  Adjusted Property EBITDA margin for the nine-month period was   20.0%   versus   20.9%   in the prior-year period. 
    
  The Company's Northern Nevada operations have historically been seasonal, with the summer months accounting for a disproportionate share of its annual revenues. Additionally, the winter months can be affected by snowfall. The Grand Lodge Casino is located near several nearby ski resorts, including Alpine Meadows, Northstar and Squaw Valley.  
    
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
   Adjusted EBITDA  is earnings before interest and other non-operating income (expense), taxes, depreciation and amortization, preopening expenses, impairment charges, asset write-offs, recoveries, gain (loss) from asset disposals, project development and acquisition costs, and non-cash share-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA information is presented solely as a supplemental disclosure to reported generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) measures because management believes these measures are (1) widely used measures of operating performance in the gaming and hospitality industry, (2) a principal basis for valuation of gaming and hospitality companies, and (3) are utilized in the covenants within our debt agreements, although not necessarily defined in the same way as above.  Adjusted Property EBITDA  is Adjusted EBITDA before corporate related costs and expenses which are not allocated to each property. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Property EBITDA are not, however, a measure of financial performance or liquidity under GAAP. Accordingly, these measures should be considered supplemental and not a substitute for net income (loss) or cash flows as an indicator of the Company s operating performance or liquidity. 
    
  The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income and net income (loss):   

29 

The following tables present reconciliations of operating income (loss) to Adjusted Property EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

Operating expenses deducted to arrive at operating income (loss) in the above tables included facility rents related to: (i) Silver Slipper of $0.3 million for both periods presented, (ii) Northern Nevada segment of $0.5 million and $0.4 million for the three months ended 2016 and 2015, and (iii) Bronco Billy's of $84,000.  Capital lease payments of $0.1 million and $0.2 million for the three-month periods ended 2016 and 2015 related to Rising Star s hotel are not deducted.  

30 

Operating expenses deducted to arrive at operating income (loss) in the above tables included facility rents related to: (i) Silver Slipper of $1 million and $0.9 million for the nine months ended 2016 and 2015 (ii) Northern Nevada segment of $1.4 million and $1.1 million for the nine months ended 2016 and 2015, and (iii) Bronco Billy's of $111,000 from May 13, 2016 through September 30, 2016.  Capital lease payments of $0.5 million and $0.7 million for the nine months ended 2016 and 2015 related to Rising Star s hotel are not deducted.  

31 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, we had $23.1 million of unrestricted cash and equivalents and our $2 million Revolving Loan under our Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility was undrawn and fully available. Our ability to draw on our Revolving Loan is subject to, amongst other terms, our continued ability to meet our various financial covenants. Management currently estimates that approximately $13 million of cash and equivalents is required for the day-to-day operations of the Company.  
    
  As discussed in more detail above, our rights offering closed on November 10, 2016 realizing $5 million of gross proceeds (approximately $4.7 million of net proceeds after offering costs).  We will utilize the net proceeds from the rights offering to partially fund certain capital expenditure growth projects, as well as for general corporate purposes. 
    
  Our casinos are our primary sources of income and operating cash flow. There can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available in amounts sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or fund our other liquidity needs.  Subject to the effects of the economic uncertainties discussed herein, we believe that adequate financial resources (including from operating cash flows and external debt and equity financing) will be available to execute our current growth plan. However, there can be no assurances of our ability to fund our growth efforts or to continue expanding. 
    
  Cash flows - operating activities.   On a consolidated basis, cash provided by operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $6.3 million compared to $5.6 million in the prior-year period. Trends in our operating cash flows tend to follow trends in operating income, excluding non-cash charges, but are also affected by changes in working capital accounts such as receivables, prepaid expenses, and payables. 
    
  Cash flows   investing activities.   On a consolidated basis, cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $26.7 million, which primarily related to the acquisition of Bronco Billy's. Cash used in investing activities during the prior-year period was $13.8 million, which primarily reflected construction of the hotel at Silver Slipper. 
    
     Cash flows - financing activities.   On a consolidated basis, cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $28.9 million and was attributed primarily to the $35 million of additional proceeds from the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility offset partially by the payment of debt issuance costs from the refinancing and payments related to the First Lien Credit Facility. Cash provided by financing activities for the prior-year period was $6.5 million, which included $8.9 million drawn for construction costs related to the hotel at Silver Slipper.  
    
  Other Factors Affecting Liquidity 
    
    Long-term Debt.   We have significant outstanding debt and contractual obligations in addition to planned capital expenditures. As discussed in the "Executive Overview" and in Note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on May 13, 2016, we refinanced our First and Second Lien Credit Facilities.  As a result, at September 30, 2016, we had $98.9 million of gross principal indebtedness, consisting of $43.9 million from our First Term Loan and $55 million from our Second Term Loan.  Our Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility matures in May 2019 and includes quarterly principal payments of $562,500 until May 2018 and then $843,750 through maturity. Our Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility has no quarterly principal payment requirements and matures in November 2019.  We expect to meet our debt obligations and planned capital expenditure requirements primarily through future anticipated operating cash flows, cash and equivalents, proceeds from our rights offering, available borrowings under our Revolving Loan, and the eventual refinancing of our debt facilities.  However, our operations are subject to financial, economic, competitive, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.  If we are unable to generate sufficient operating cash flow, we could be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing, delaying, or eliminating certain planned capital expenditures, selling assets, or obtaining additional equity financing.    
    
    Common Stock Warrants.    As discussed below under "Credit Facilities" and in Note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, as part of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, on May 13, 2016, the Company granted the second lien lenders warrants representing 5% of the outstanding common equity of the Company, as determined on a fully-diluted basis.  The warrants include redemption rights which allow the second lien lenders, at their option, to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of all of the warrants under certain conditions. Should the redemption rights be exercised, the repurchase value will be equal to the 21-day average price of the Company's stock, less the warrant exercise price, and will be payable by the Company in cash or through the issuance of an unsecured note with a four-year term, a minimum interest rate of 13.25%, and a guarantee by the Company's subsidiaries.  Alternatively, the second lien lenders may choose to have the Company register and sell the shares related to the warrants through a public stock offering. 
  
   32 

Hyatt Option to Purchase our Leasehold Interest and Related Assets.    Our lease with Hyatt Equities L.L.C. ("Hyatt") to operate the Grand Lodge Casino contains an option for Hyatt, beginning January 1, 2019, to purchase our leasehold interest and related operating assets of the Grand Lodge Casino subject to assumption of applicable liabilities. The option price is an amount equal to the Grand Lodge Casino s positive working capital, plus Grand Lodge Casino s earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) for the twelve-month period preceding the acquisition (or pro-rated if less than twelve months remain on the lease), plus the fair market value of the Grand Lodge Casino s personal property.  Additionally, monthly rent will increase from $125,000 to (i) $145,833 commencing on the later of January 1, 2017 or when Hyatt completes its renovation (but no later than June 30, 2017), and (ii) $166,667 commencing on January 1, 2018 through maturity.  Because there are rent increases within the lease at future dates, GAAP requires us to total the rents due through the term of the lease and divide it by the remaining years of the lease to calculate rent expense.  
    
    Capital Investments.    We made significant capital investments through September 30, 2016.  We expect to make the following additional capital investments during the remainder of 2016.    
    
  Rising Star Casino Resort   - We plan to make significant improvements at Rising Star, including (i) refurbishment of a portion of the casino to include a VIP room and sense of arrival improvements; (ii) implementation of a ferry boat service to Kentucky; (iii) construction of an RV park; (iv) construction of a restaurant on the riverboat; and/or (v) re-branding and re-naming the steakhouse.  On July 13, 2016, we received a conditional use permit from the Boone County Board of Adjustment for a ferry landing on land that the Company has purchased in Rabbit Hash, Kentucky. We intend to operate a 10-vehicle ferry boat to significantly shorten the distance for customers traveling from Kentucky to Rising Star, located across the river. Commencement of ferry boat operations remains subject to additional approvals, including from the Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Coast Guard.  We anticipate that the total cost of the improvements at Rising Star will be approximately $6 million. 
    
  Grand Lodge Casino -   Under the terms of the lease amendment effective November 25, 2015, we will purchase new gaming devices and equipment or make other capital expenditures at our sole cost and expense of approximately $1.5 million, which is being invested alongside approximately $3.5 million of enhancements being funded by our landlord. The Company and the landlord are working together on that refurbishment, which is currently scheduled to begin in January 2017 and be completed in June 2017.  The casino will remain open during the refurbishment. We currently expect to fund a portion of the $1.5 million during 2016, with the majority being invested during the first and second quarters of 2017.   
    
  Stockman's Casino   - During the third quarter we began construction to improve the "curb appeal" of the property, improving access to the casino through construction of a new parking lot, and making certain other enhancements.  The project has a preliminary budget of $1.5 million and is expected to be substantially complete before the end of 2016.  A new administrative office building is slated for construction during the first quarter of 2017. 
    
  Silver Slipper   - We anticipate building a swimming pool and beach complex during the first half of 2017, and making certain other improvements, at a cost of approximately $500,000.  
    
  Additionally, we may fund other various capital expenditure projects, depending on our financial resources.  Our capital expenditures may fluctuate due to our decisions with respect to strategic capital investments in new or existing facilities, and the timing of capital investments to maintain the quality of our properties.  No assurance can be given that any of our planned capital expenditure projects will be completed or that any completed projects will be successful. 
    
  We evaluate projects on a number of factors, including profitability forecasts, length of the development period, the regulatory and political environment, and the ability to secure the funding necessary to complete the development or acquisition, among other considerations. No assurance can be given that any additional projects will be pursued or completed or that any completed projects will be successful.  
    
    American Place Proposal 
    
    In August 2015, we responded to a "request for proposal" ("RFP") by the Indianapolis Airport Authority ("Airport Authority") with a proposal for a $650 million lifestyle complex, anchored by a modest-sized casino, known as "American Place". Under our proposal, we would act as the "master developer" (as such term is used in the RFP) of the project and plan to seek partners for many of its aspects. The project was contingent, amongst other things, on being selected by the Airport Authority, on changes in the state gaming laws and other regulatory approvals that would allow the relocation to Indianapolis of approximately half of the gaming devices that are licensed to operate in Rising Sun, Indiana, and on obtaining financing for the proposed project.  
  
   33 

In March 2016, the Airport Authority indicated that it was canceling the RFP process, but intended to continue to seek development of the site in a manner that would be beneficial to Indianapolis and the state of Indiana.  
    
    Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel 
    
  The total cost of the completed hotel was approximately $20.6 million, including the deposit amount mentioned below. This includes the cost under the guaranteed maximum price contract the Company had with the general contractor for construction of the hotel.  Certain subcontractors who contracted directly with the general contractor alleged they are owed monies by such general contractor. The Company recently deposited approximately $467,000 with the Chancery Court of Hancock County, Mississippi, which we believe resolves its remaining responsibility with regard to the hotel construction.       
   
  Credit Facilities 
    
  On May 13, 2016, we entered into an amended and restated First Lien Credit Facility ("Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility") with Capital One Bank, N.A., ("Capital One"), which includes a First Term Loan of $45 million and Revolving Loan of $2 million, and an amended and restated Second Lien Credit Facility ("Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility") with ABC Funding, LLC, which includes a term loan facility increase from $20 million to $55 million, of which the additional proceeds of $35 million were primarily used to complete our acquisition of Bronco Billy's.  The Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of our assets and our wholly-owned subsidiaries guarantee our obligations under the agreements.  The Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility is subordinate to the lien of the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility. 
    
  First Lien Credit Facility 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility had $43.9 million of principal indebtedness outstanding on our First Term Loan and the $2 million Revolving Loan was undrawn and fully available.  This facility matures in May 2019 and requires monthly interest-only payments, quarterly principal payments of $562,500 until May 2018, and quarterly principal payments of $843,750 after May 2018 through maturity.  We made our required quarterly payment of $562,500 due October 1, 2016, on September 30, 2016. 
    
  The interest rate will be initially based on the greater of the elected London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) (as defined) or 1.0%, plus a margin rate of 3.75%.  The margin rate of 3.75% will be increased by 50 basis points beginning in May 2017 and will increase by an additional 50 basis points if the Company does not raise at least $5 million of gross equity proceeds by May 13, 2017. The rights offering satisfied this latter condition, preventing such increase in the interest rate spread. There is no prepayment premium or interest rate cap associated with this facility. 
    
  During June 2016, $569,000 of previously restricted cash proceeds drawn from the original construction loan were released to the Company. 
    
  Second Lien Credit Facility 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility had $55 million of principal indebtedness outstanding and matures on the earlier of (i) May 13, 2022, or (ii) six months following the maturity date of the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility. Given the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility currently matures in May 2019, the current maturity date of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility is November 2019.  Interest is currently payable  monthly at 13.5% (and may vary at a rate between 12.5% and 13.5% depending on the total leverage of the Company), and there are no quarterly principal payment requirements as all principal is due at maturity. The prepayment premium is 3% of the total principal amount until May 13, 2017, 2% until May 13, 2018, 1% until May 13, 2019, and no prepayment premium thereafter.  
    
  Covenants 
    
  The Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities contain customary negative covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions on our and our subsidiaries  ability to: incur indebtedness; grant liens; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; make investments; dispose of assets; and change the nature of our business. The Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities require that we maintain specified financial covenants, including a total leverage ratio, a first lien leverage ratio, and a fixed charge coverage ratio, all of which measure Adjusted EBITDA against outstanding debt and fixed  
  
   34 

charges (as defined in the agreements). We are also required to make capital expenditures of at least 1.425%, and no more than 5.25%, of our prior-year revenues, excluding capital expenditures made from any future sale of equity securities. 
    
  The Amended and Restated First and Second Lien Credit Facilities currently define Adjusted EBITDA as, for any four fiscal quarter period, (a) net income (loss) for such period, plus, (b) to the extent deducted in determining net income (loss) for such period: (i) interest expense, (ii) provisions for income taxes, (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses, (iv) extraordinary losses (including non-cash impairment charges), (v) stock compensation expense, (vi) acquisition costs related to Bronco Billy's in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000, (vii) pre-opening expenses related to the hotel at Silver Slipper that opened in 2015, and (viii) non-recurring development expenses for new initiatives in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 for the trailing four consecutive fiscal quarters, minus (c) extraordinary gains, and minus (d) joint venture net income, unless such net income has been actually received by the Company in the form of cash dividends or distributions.  Adjusted EBITDA shall include results for Bronco Billy's as if it were owned for the entire measurement period.  
    
  The Amended First and Second Lien Credit Facilities contain customary restrictive covenants, including a maximum total leverage ratio, maximum first lien leverage ratio, and a fixed charge coverage ratio.  See Note 6 to the Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about these financial covenant ratios.  
    
  We were in compliance with our covenants as of September 30, 2016; however, there can be no assurances that we will remain in compliance with all covenants in the future. The Amended First and Second Lien Credit Facilities also include customary events of default, including, among other things: non-payment; breach of covenant; breach of representation or warranty; cross-default under certain other indebtedness or guarantees; commencement of insolvency proceedings; inability to pay debts; entry of certain material judgments against us or our subsidiaries; occurrence of certain ERISA events; repurchase of our own stock and certain changes of control. A breach of a covenant or other events of default could cause the loans to be immediately due and payable, terminate commitments for additional loan funds, or the lenders could exercise any other remedy available under the Amended First and Second Lien Credit Facilities or by law.  If a breach of covenants or other event of default were to occur, we would seek modifications to covenants or a temporary waiver or waivers from the Amended First and Second Lien Credit Facilities lenders. No assurance can be given that we would be successful in obtaining such waivers or modifications. 
    
  We are required to make prepayments under the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility, under certain conditions as defined in the agreement, in addition to the scheduled principal installments as defined. With regards to the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, no mandatory prepayments are required prior to the discharge of the First Lien Credit Facility. 
    
  Second Lien Credit Facility Common Stock Warrants 
    
  As part of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, the Company granted the second lien lenders warrants representing 5% of the outstanding common equity of the Company, as determined on a fully-diluted basis.  The warrants have an exercise price of $1.67 per share, expire May 13, 2026, and provide the second lien lenders with certain redemption rights, pre-emptive rights to maintain their 5% ownership interest in the Company, piggyback registration rights and mandatory registration rights after two years.  The redemption rights allow the second lien lenders, at their option, to require the Company to  repurchase all or a portion of all of the warrants in the event of: (i) the maturity of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, (ii) an acceleration pursuant to the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, (iii) a refinancing, repayment or other transaction decreasing the aggregate principal amount of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Facility debt outstanding as of May 13, 2016 by more than 50%, (iv) a liquidity event, or (v) the Company's insolvency. The repurchase value shall be payable by the Company in cash or through the issuance of an unsecured note with a four-year term, a minimum interest rate of 13.25% as defined, and a guarantee from the Company's subsidiaries. Alternatively, the second lien lenders may choose to have the Company register and sell the shares related to the warrants through a public stock offering. 
    
  The summary of principal terms of the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Facility and Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are in all cases subject to the terms of the actual credit agreements and amendments, copies of which were filed as Exhibits to our SEC Report on Form 8-K/A dated May 18, 2016. 
  
   35 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K, that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 
   
  Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
    
  We describe our critical accounting estimates and policies in Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. We also discuss our critical accounting estimates and policies in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There has been no significant change in our critical accounting estimates or policies since the end of 2015. 
   
  Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, relating to our financial condition, profitability, liquidity, resources, business outlook, market forces, corporate strategies, contractual commitments, legal matters, capital requirements and other matters. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. We note that many factors could cause our actual results and experience to change significantly from the anticipated results or expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements. When words and expressions such as:  believes,   expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   plans,   intends,   objectives,   goals,   aims,   projects,   forecasts,   possible,   seeks,   may,   could,   should,   might,   likely,   enable,  or similar words or expressions are used in this Form 10-Q, as well as statements containing phrases such as  in our view,   there can be no assurance,   although no assurance can be given,  or  there is no way to anticipate with certainty,  forward-looking statements are being made. 
    
  Various risks and uncertainties may affect the operation, performance, development and results of our business and could cause future outcomes to change significantly from those set forth in our forward-looking statements, including the following factors: 
     risks related to our present indebtedness and projected borrowings; 
     risks of substantial dilution related to our outstanding warrants, options and rights; 
     our growth strategies, including potential acquisitions and investments; 
     challenges regarding the successful integration of acquisitions; 
     risks related to development and construction activities; 
     risks related to some of our casinos being on leased property; 
     changes in anticipated trends in the gaming industries; 
     changes in patron demographics; 
             
    general market and economic conditions, including but not limited to, the effects of local and national economic, housing and energy conditions on the economy in general and on the gaming and lodging industries in particular; 
                
    access to capital and credit, including our ability to finance future business requirements and to repay or refinance debt as it matures; 
                
    dependence on key personnel; 
                
    availability of adequate levels of insurance; 
                
    changes in federal, state, and local gaming, taxation, and environmental laws, regulations and legislation, including obtaining and maintaining gaming and other licenses; 
                
    impact of weather; 
                
    lack of alternative routes to certain of our properties; 
                
    competitive environment, including increased competition in our target market areas; 
                
    increases in the effective rate of taxation at any of our properties or at the corporate level; and  
     
   36 

other risks, uncertainties and factors described from time to time in this and our other SEC filings and reports. 
       
  We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of future developments, events or conditions. New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ significantly from those forecast in any forward-looking statements.  
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
  Not applicable. 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     As of September 30, 2016, we completed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at a reasonable assurance level in timely alerting them to material information relating to us, which is required to be included in our periodic Securities and Exchange Commission filings. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting     There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   37 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.     Legal Proceedings 
    
  We are subject to various legal and administrative proceedings relating to personal injuries, employment matters, commercial transactions and other matters arising in the normal course of business. We do not believe that the final outcome of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. We maintain what we believe is adequate insurance coverage to further mitigate the risks of such proceedings.  For additional information, see Part I, Item 1, "Financial Statements" - Note 9 - Litigation. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    
  There were no material changes from the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 except as follows: 
    
  Our present indebtedness, projected future borrowings, possible fluctuating interest rates, required repayment schedule, and redeemable common stock warrants could adversely affect our financial health; future cash flows may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations when due, and/or we may have difficulty obtaining additional financing or refinancing in the future. 
  As of September 30, 2016, we had indebtedness of $98.9 million, including $43.9 million of variable interest first lien debt and $55 million of second lien debt.  Interest rates on the second lien debt can range from 12.5% to 13.5%.  Our first lien debt matures in May 2019, and includes monthly interest payments plus quarterly principal payments of $562,500 until May 13, 2018 and $843,750 through its maturity in May 2019. Our second lien debt matures upon the earlier of May 2022 or six months following the maturity of our first lien debt, and includes monthly interest payments. 
  Additionally, in contemplation of the refinanced second lien debt, we granted warrants to the second lien lenders representing 5% of the outstanding common equity of the Company, as determined on a fully-diluted basis.  Among other items, the warrants provide the second lien lenders with registration rights and certain redemption rights.  The redemption rights allow the second lien lenders, at their option, to require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of all of the warrants in the event of the following:  (i) the maturity of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, (ii) an acceleration pursuant to the Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Facility, (iii) a refinancing, repayment or other transaction decreasing the aggregate principal amount of the Amended and Restated Second Lien Facility debt outstanding as of May 13, 2016 by more than 50%, (iv) a liquidity event, or (v) the Company's insolvency. The repurchase value can be payable by the Company in cash or through the issuance of an unsecured note with a four-year term, interest as defined, and guaranteed by all subsidiaries.   
  There can be no assurance that, in the future, we will be successful in refinancing our debt or that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or through asset sales to meet our long-term debt service obligations. Our present indebtedness and projected future borrowings could have important adverse consequences to us, such as: 
             
    making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our existing indebtedness; 
                
    limiting our ability to obtain additional financing without restructuring the covenants in our existing indebtedness to permit the incurrence of such financing; 
                
    requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow to be used for payments on debt and related interest, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flow to fund other working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate requirements; 
                
    limiting our ability to respond to changing business, industry and economic conditions and to withstand competitive pressures, which may affect our financial condition; 
                
    causing us to incur higher interest expense, either in the event of increases in interest rates on our borrowings that have variable interest rates, or in the event of refinancing existing debt at higher interest rates; 
                
    limiting our ability to make investments, dispose of assets, pay cash dividends or repurchase stock; 
                
    increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, our industry or the general economy and restricting us from making improvements or acquisitions or exploring business opportunities; 
                
    placing us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors with less debt or greater resources; and 
                
    subjecting us to financial and other restrictive covenants in our indebtedness, the non-compliance with which could result in an event of default. 
       
  There can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, our anticipated growth in operations will be realized, or future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facilities in amounts sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. In addition, as we undertake substantial new developments or facility  
  
   38 

renovations or if we consummate significant acquisitions in the future, our cash requirements and our debt service requirements may increase significantly. 
  We may need to refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity. There can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our debt on either attractive terms or commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our future operating performance and our ability to service, extend or refinance our indebtedness will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
  Certain borrowings under our credit facilities are at variable rates of interest, and to the extent not protected with interest rate hedges, could expose us to market risk from adverse changes in interest rates. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable-rate indebtedness could increase significantly even though the amount borrowed would remain the same. 
  The exercise of outstanding warrants, options and rights may result in substantial dilution and may depress the trading price of our common stock. 
  If our outstanding warrants, options and rights to purchase shares of our common stock are exercised and the underlying shares of common stock are issued upon such exercise are sold, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution and the market price of our shares of common stock could decline.  Further, the perception that such securities might be exercised could adversely affect the trading price of our shares of common stock.  In addition, during the time that such securities are outstanding, they may adversely affect the terms on which we could obtain additional capital. 
  We derive a significant amount of our revenues and operating income from our properties located in Mississippi, Colorado, Indiana and Nevada, and are especially subject to certain risks, including economic and competitive risks, associated with the conditions in those areas and in the states from which we draw patrons. 
  Because we derive a significant amount of revenues and operating income from properties concentrated in four states, we are subject to greater risks from regional conditions than a gaming company with operating properties in a greater number of different geographies. A decrease in revenues from or increase in costs for one of these locations is likely to have a proportionally greater impact on our business and operations than it would for a gaming company with more geographically diverse operating properties. Risks from regional conditions include the following: 
             
    regional economic conditions; 
                
    regional competitive conditions, including legalization or expansion of gaming in Mississippi, Colorado, Indiana, Nevada, or in neighboring states; 
                
    allowance of new types of gaming, such as the introduction of live table games at Indiana racinos; 
                
    reduced land and air travel due to increasing fuel costs or transportation disruptions; and, 
                
    increase in our vulnerability to economic downturns and competitive pressures in the markets in which we operate. 
       
  Some of our casinos are located on leased property. If lessor buyout rights are exercised or if we default on one or more leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected casino. 
  We lease certain parcels of land at our Silver Slipper Casino and Hotel in Mississippi, both land and buildings at Bronco Billy s Hotel   Casino in Colorado, and one of the two hotels at our Rising Star Casino Resort in Indiana.  We also lease casino space at our Grand Lodge Casino in Nevada. As a lessee, we have the right to use the leased land, hotel or space as applicable; however, we do not hold fee ownership. Accordingly, unless we have a purchase option and exercise such option, we will have no interest in the improvements thereon at the expiration of the leases. We have such purchase options on the leased property at the Silver Slipper, Bronco Billy s and for the leased hotel at Rising Star, but it is generally more advantageous to the Company to continue to lease rather than exercise the buyout option.  Under certain circumstances and at the expirations of the underlying leases, the Company might be forced to exercise its buyout options in order to continue to operate those properties.  There is no certainty that the funds could be raised at that time at a reasonable cost, or at all, to exercise some or all of the buyout options. The operating lease at the Grand Lodge Casino includes certain lessor buyout rights based upon a multiple of EBITDA that, if exercised, could result in the lessor purchasing our leasehold interest and the operating assets on terms that are less than fair market value or that are financially unfavorable to us.  Since we do not completely control the land, buildings, hotel and space underlying our leased properties, a lessor could take certain actions to disrupt our rights under the long-term leases which are beyond our control. If the entity owning any leased land, buildings, hotel or space chose to disrupt our use either permanently or for a significant period of time, then the value of our assets could be impaired and our business and operations could be adversely affected. If we were to default on the lease, the lessor could terminate the affected lease and we could lose possession of the affected land, buildings, hotel or space and any improvements thereon. The loss of the lease through exercise of buyout rights or through termination upon default would have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations as we would then be unable to operate all or portions of the affected facilities, which, in turn, may result in a default under our credit facilities. 
  
   39 

Adverse weather conditions, road construction, gasoline shortages and other factors affecting our facilities and the areas in which we operate could make it more difficult for potential customers to travel to our properties and deter customers from visiting our properties. 
  Our continued success depends upon our ability to draw customers from each of the geographic markets in which we operate. Adverse weather conditions or road construction can deter our customers from traveling to our facilities or make it difficult for them to frequent our properties. In 2014, there were severe cold temperatures that we believe adversely affected our Indiana and Mississippi properties  financial performance. Additionally, we believe historically low snow levels in early 2015 in the Lake Tahoe region adversely affected visitation and financial performance at the Grand Lodge Casino. Our recently-acquired Colorado property was adversely affected by nearby fires (as well as the subsequent flooding of its access roads due to a resulting lack of vegetation) in 2012 and 2013, and road construction to significantly improve flood controls in 2014.  Moreover, gasoline shortages or fuel price increases in regions that constitute a significant source of customers for our properties could make it more difficult for potential customers to travel to our properties and deter customers from visiting. Our dockside gaming facility in Indiana, as well as any additional riverboat or dockside casino properties that might be developed or acquired, are also subject to risks, in addition to those associated with land-based casinos, which could disrupt our operations. Although our Indiana vessel does not leave its moorings in normal operations, there are risks associated with the movement or mooring of vessels on waterways, including risks of casualty due to river turbulence, flooding, collisions with other vessels and severe weather conditions. 
  Several of our properties, including the Silver Slipper, Bronco Billy s and, to a somewhat lesser extent, Rising Star, are accessed by our customers via routes that have few alternatives.    
  The Silver Slipper is located at the end of a dead-end road, with no other access. Bronco Billy s is accessed by most guests via a mountain pass; if that pass is closed for any reason, the alternatives take much longer.  Rising Star s primary access from Cincinnati is via a road alongside the Ohio River; if this road were to close, the alternative routes involve more winding roads through the rolling hills inland from the river. 

40 

Item 6. Exhibits 

* 
    Filed herewith. 

41 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FULL HOUSE RESORTS, INC. 

Date: November 10, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ DANIEL R. LEE 

Daniel R. Lee 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  (on behalf of the Registrant and as principal executive officer) 

Date: November 10, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ LEWIS A. FANGER 

Lewis A. Fanger 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (on behalf of the Registrant and as principal financial officer and as principal accounting officer) 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q316.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Daniel R. Lee, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Full House Resorts, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management of other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: November 10, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ DANIEL R. LEE 

Daniel R. Lee 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q316.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Lewis A. Fanger, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Full House Resorts, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management of other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
       
                   Dates: November 10, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ LEWIS A. FANGER 

Lewis A. Fanger 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q316.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Full House Resorts, Inc. for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Daniel R. Lee, Chief Executive Officer of Full House Resorts, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Full House Resorts, Inc. 
                      Date: November 10, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ DANIEL R. LEE 
        
    Daniel R. Lee 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q316.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Full House Resorts, Inc. for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ) I, Lewis A. Fanger, Chief Financial Officer of Full House Resorts, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Full House Resorts, Inc. 
                      Date: November 10, 2016 
    By:  
    /s/ LEWIS A. FANGER 
        
    Lewis A. Fanger 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fll-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fll-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fll-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fll-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fll-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fll-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

