<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_887226_0000887226-16-000046_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4507601</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91680</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>198642</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1520954</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1531390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>854439</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000887226-16-000046.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107163446
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000887226-16-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PERCEPTRON INC/MI
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000887226
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS & LENSES [3827]
		IRS NUMBER:				382381442
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20206
		FILM NUMBER:		161978595

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47827 HALYARD DRIVE
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48170-2461
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3134144816

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47827 HALYARD DRIVE
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48170-2461

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000887226-16-000046.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 prcp-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

20160930 10Q Q1_Taxonomy2016

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549 

FORM 10-Q 

Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  . 

Commission file number:  0-20206 

PERCEPTRON, INC. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(734) 414-6100 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

Yes        

No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T(  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes        

No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      

Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer      
					 
						 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes      

No        

The number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of   November 2,   2016  , was: 

1   

PERCEPTRON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 

For the Quarter Ended   September 30  , 2016 

Page     Number  

COVER   

1    

INDEX   

2    

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.        Financial Statements   

3    

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

17    

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

23    

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   

23    

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1A.  Risk Factors   

23    

Item 6.         Exhibits   

24    

SIGNATURES   

25    

2   

+   

3   

4   

5   

6   

PERCEPTRON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

1.      Accounting Policies 

Perceptron, Inc. ( Perceptron   we ,  us  or  our ) develops, produces and sells a comprehensive range of automated industrial metrology products and solutions to manufacturing organizations for dimensional gauging, dimensional inspection and 3D scanning products.  Our products provide solutions for manufacturing process control as well as sensor and software technologies for non-contact measurement, scanning and inspection applications. We also offer Value Added Services such as training and customer support services.  

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

The accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements.  Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Perceptron and our wholly-owned subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.    In   our opinion, these statements include all normal recurring   adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements for the periods presented.    T  he results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for a full   fiscal   year  .    The accompanying   unaudited   Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with   our     audited Consolidated Financial Statements in our   201  6   Annual Report on Form 10-K   for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates 

Management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions under U.S. GAAP during the preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements.  These estimates and assumptions may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.    Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

2.    New Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (ASU 2014-09)  ,   which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP.  The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services.  ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing U.S. GAAP.  In May 2016, FASB updated the guidance in AS  U No. 2014-09.  The amendments d  o not change the core principle of the guidance  , rather   they seek only   to update implementation of   certain narrow topics within ASU 2014-09.  Further, in March 2016, the FASB issued the final guidance to clarify the principal versus agent guidance (i.e., whether an entity should report revenue gross or net).  Finally, in April 2016, the FASB issued the final guidance to clarify identifying performance obligation and the licensing implementation guidance.  These standards will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (as amended in August 2015, by ASU 2015-14,   Deferral of the Effective Date)  , and interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods:  (i) a full retrospective approach reflecting the applications of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures).  We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet determined the method by which we will adopt the standard in fiscal year 2019. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-11,   Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   (ASU 2015-11), which changes the measurement of inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  Net realizable value   is the estimated selling price   in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.  There were also amendments to the guidance to more clearly articulate the requirements for the measurement and disclosure of inventory.  ASU 2015-11 is effective for Perceptron on July 1, 2017 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (ASU 2015-17),   which requires all deferred tax assets and liabilities, included related valuation allowances, be classified as non-current on our consolidated balance sheets.  ASU 2015-17 is effective beginning July 1, 2017 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

7   

In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (ASU 2016-01),   which amends certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments.  ASC 2016-01 is effective beginning for Perceptron on July 1, 2018 and is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02   Leases (ASU 2016-2),   which establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.  A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees with capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.   We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09),   which changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13,   Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326) (ASU 2016-13),   which requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date to be based on historical experience, current conditions as well as reasonable and supportable forecasts.  ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (ASU 2016-15),   which will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-15 is effective for Perceptron beginning on July 1, 2018 and requires us to utilize a retrospective adoption unless it is impracticable for us to apply, in which case, we would be required to apply the amendment prospectively as of the earliest date practicable.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-15 on our consolidated statement of cash flows. 

3.    Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with our acquisitions.  Under ASC Topic 805      Business Combinations   , we are required to test goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently, whenever events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit with goodwill below its carrying amount.  Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.  

The qualitative events or circumstances that could affect the fair value of a reporting unit could include economic conditions; industry and market considerations, including competition; increases in raw materials, labor, or other costs; overall financial performance such as negative or declining cash flows; relevant entity-specific events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers; sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit and regulatory or political developments.  Companies have the option under ASC Topic 350    Intangibles   Goodwill and Other    to evaluate goodwill based upon these qualitative factors, and if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then no further goodwill impairment tests are necessary.  If the qualitative review indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a two-step quantitative impairment test is performed to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized, if any.  In fiscal year 2016, we elected the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. 

Step 1 is to identify potential impairment by comparing fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill.  If the fair value is lower than the carrying value, this is an indication of goodwill impairment and Step 2 must be performed.  Under Step 2, an impairment loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill.  This analysis requires significant judgment in developing assumptions, such as estimating future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimating the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimating the useful life over which cash flows will occur and calculating our weighted average cost of capital.  The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, foreign currency fluctuations and other factors.  Changes in  

8   

these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and could result in goodwill impairment for a reporting unit, negatively impacting   our   results of operations for the period and financial position. 

Goodwill is recorded in the local currency of the acquired entities and foreign currency   effects will continue to impact the balance of goodwill in future periods.  Our goodwill balance was $7,604,000 and $7,500,000 of September   30  ,    and June 30, 2016, respectively  .  The change   in goodwill   of   $104,000   was due to the change in foreign currency rates from June 30, 201  6   to   September 30  , 2016. 

4.    Intangibles 

We acquired intangible assets in addition to goodwill in connection with the acquisitions of Coord3 and NMS.  These assets are susceptible to shortened estimated useful lives and changes in fair value due to changes in their use, market or economic changes, or other events or circumstances. We evaluate the potential impairment of these intangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable.  Factors that could trigger an impairment review include historical or projected results that are less than the assumptions used in the original valuation of an intangible asset, a change in our business strategy or our use of an intangible asset or negative economic or industry trends. 

If an event or circumstance indicates that the carrying value of an intangible asset may not be recoverable, we assess the recoverability of the asset by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows that the asset is expected to generate over its remaining economic life. If the carrying value exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows, we compare the fair value of the intangible asset to the carrying value and record an impairment loss for the difference.  We generally estimate the fair value of our intangible assets using the income approach based upon a discounted cash flow model. The income approach requires the use of many assumptions and estimates including future revenues and expenses, discount factors, income tax rates, the identification of groups of assets with highly independent cash flows, and assets  economic lives. Volatility in the global economy makes these assumptions and estimates more judgmental. Actual future operating results and the remaining economic lives of our other intangible assets could differ from those used in assessing the recoverability of these assets and could result in an impairment of other intangible assets in future periods. 

Our intangible assets are as follows (in thousands): 

Amortization expense for the three month periods ended September, 2016 and 2015 was   $256,000   and   $264,000  , respectively.    The change of $72,000 in the gross carrying amount is due to the change in foreign currency rates from June 30, 2016 to September 30, 2016. 

The estimated amortization of the remaining intangible assets by year is as follows (in thousands): 

9   

5.      Revenue Recognition 

Revenue related to products and services is recognized upon shipment when title and risk of loss has passed to the customer or upon completion of the service, there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the sales price is fixed or determinable, collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured and customer acceptance criteria, if any, have been successfully demonstrated.  

We also have multiple element arrangements in our Measurement Solutions product line which may include elements such as, equipment, installation, labor support and/or training.  Each element has value on a stand-alone basis and the delivered elements do not include general rights of return.  Accordingly, each element is considered a separate unit of accounting.  When available, we allocate arrangement consideration to each element in a multiple element arrangement based upon vendor specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of fair value of the respective elements. When VSOE cannot be established, we attempt to establish the selling price of each element based on relevant third-party evidence.  Our products contain a significant level of proprietary technology, customization or differentiation, therefore, comparable pricing of products with similar functionality cannot be obtained.  In these cases, we utilize our best estimate of selling price ( BESP ).  We determine the BESP for a product or service by considering multiple factors including, but not limited to, pricing practices, internal costs, geographies and gross margin.  

For multiple element arrangements, we defer from revenue recognition the greater of the relative fair value of any undelivered elements of the contract or the portion of the sales price of the contract that is not payable until the undelivered elements are completed.  As part of this evaluation, we limit the amount of revenue recognized for delivered elements to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services, including a consideration of payment terms that delay payment until those future deliveries are completed.   

Some multiple element arrangements contain installment payment terms with a final payment ( final buy-off ) due upon the completion of all elements in the arrangement or when the customer s final acceptance is received.  We recognize revenue for each completed element of a contract when it is both earned and realizable.  A provision for final customer acceptance generally does not preclude revenue recognition for the delivered equipment element because we rigorously test equipment prior to shipment to ensure it will function in our customer s environment.  The final acceptance amount is assigned to specific element(s) identified in the contract, or if not specified in the contract, to the last element or elements to be delivered that represent an amount at least equal to the final payment amount.  

Our Measurement Solutions are designed and configured to meet each customer s specific requirements.  Timing for the delivery of each element in the arrangement is primarily determined by the customer s requirements and the number of elements ordered.  Delivery of all of the multiple elements in an order will typically occur over a   three   to   15   month period after the order is received. We do not have price protection agreements or requirements to buy back inventory.  Our history demonstrates that sales returns have been insignificant. 

6  .    Short-Term and Long-Term Investments 

We account for our investments in accordance with ASC 320,    Investments   Debt and Equity Securities   .  Investments with a term to maturity between three months to one year are considered short-term investments and are classified as available-for-sale investments. Investments with a term to maturity beyond one year may be classified as available for sale if we reasonably expect the investment to be realized in cash or sold or consumed during the normal operating cycle of the business.  Investments are classified as held-to-maturity if the term to maturity is greater than one year and we have the intent and ability to hold such investments to maturity. All investments are initially recognized at fair value.  Subsequent measurement for available-for-sale investments is recorded at fair value.  Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investments are recorded in other comprehensive income. Held-to-maturity investments are subsequently measured at amortized cost.  At each balance sheet date, we evaluate all investments for possible other-than-temporary impairment which involves significant judgment.      In making this judgment, we review factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below the cost basis, the anticipated recovery period, the financial condition of the issuer, the credit rating of the instrument and our ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time which may be sufficient for recovery of the cost basis. Any losses determined to be other-than-temporary are charged as an impairment loss and recorded in earnings. If market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, future impairments may be incurred. 

As of   September   30, 2016, we had restricted cash held in short-term bank guarantees.  These guarantees provide financial assurance that we will fulfill certain customer obligations in China.  The cash is restricted as to withdrawal or use while the related bank guarantee is outstanding.  Interest is earned on the restricted cash and recorded as interest income.      At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, restricted cash in short-term investments   was   $297,000   and   $77,000  , respectively  .  Furthermore, at June 30, 2016, we had restricted cash held in   long-term ban  k guarantees of   $45,000  . 

10   

At   September 30  , 2  016  ,    we   held a   long-term investment in preferred stock that is not registered under the Sec  urities Act of 1933, as amended   and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. The preferred stock investment is currently recorded at   $725,000   after consideration of impairment charges recorded in fiscal years 2008 and 2009.    We   estimated that the fair market valu  e of this investment at September 30  , 2016 exceeded $725,000 based on an internal valuation model which included the use of a discounted cash flow model. The fair market analysis cons  idered the following key inputs: 

(i) 

the underlying structure of the security;      

(ii) 

the present value of the future principal, discounted at rates considered to reflect current market conditions; and      

(iii) 

the time horizon that the market value of the security could return to its cost and be sold.      

Under ASC 820      Fair Value Measurements   and Disclosures        ( ASC 820 )   such valuation assumptions are defined as Level 3 inputs.   

The foll  owing table presents our Short-Term and Long-T  erm Investments by category   at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

7  .    Financial Instruments 

For a discussion on   our   fair value measurement policies for Financial I  nstruments, refer to Note 1 to our   Consolidated Financial Statements,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   Financial Instruments , of   our   An  nual Report on Form 10-K for   fiscal year ended June 30, 201  6  . 

We have not changed our   valuation techniques in measuring the fair value of any financial assets and liabilities during the period. 

11   

The following table presents   our   investments at   September 30  , 2016 and June 30, 201  6   that are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis consistent with the fair value hierarchy provisions of ASC 820     (in thousands).  The fair value of   our     short-term   investments approximates their cost basis. 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates. 

8  .    Inventory 

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market.  The cost of inventory is determined by the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method.    We provide   a reserve for obsolescence to recognize inventory impairment for the effects of engineering change orders, age and use of inventory that affect the value of the inventory.  The reserve for obsolescence creates a new cost basis for the impaired inventory.  When inventory that has previously been impaired is sold or disposed of, the related obsolescence reserve is reduced resulting in the reduced cost basis being reflected in cost of goods sold.  A detailed review of the inventory is performed annually with quarterly updates for known changes that have occurred since the annual review.  Inventory, net of reserves   of   $1,998,000   and $  1,608,000   at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  , respectively, is comprised of the following (in thousands): 

9  .    Credit Facilities        

We   had   approximately   $1,102,000   and     $200,000   in short-term   notes payable outstanding at   September 30  , 2016 and June 30, 201  6  , respectively.    In addition, we had approximately   $320,000   and   $365,000   in long-term debt outstanding included in  Other Long-Term Liabilities  at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively on our Consolidated Balance Sheet.    

At September 30, 2016  ,    we     were a party to an   Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Comerica   Bank ( Credit Agreement ).  The Credit Agreement is   an on-demand line of   credit.  The   Credit Agreement is cancelable at any time by either Perceptron or Comerica and any amounts outstanding would be immediately due and payable.  The   maximum permitted borrowings are $10.0 million  .    The borrowing b  ase is   equal to the lesser of   50%   of eligible inventory or   $4.0   million and   the lesser of   $6.0   million or   80%   of eligible   receivables. At   September 30  , 2016,   our     additional available   borrowing under this facility was approximately   $3.2     million.  Proceeds under the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and capital   expenditures.  Security for the Credit Agreement is substantially all of our assets held in the United States.  Borrowings are designated as a Libor-based Advance or as a Prime-based Advance if the Libor-based Advance is not available.  Interest on Libor  -based Advances is calculated at   2.35%   above the Libor Rate offered at the time for the period chosen, and is payable on the last day of the applicable period.    We are   required to maintain a Tangible Net Worth of at least   $29.0   million  .    We     were     not   in compliance   with the Tangible Net Worth financial covenant at   September 30  , 2016  , however a waiver was obtained from Comerica Bank on November 4, 2016  .    We are not allowed to pay cash dividends under the Credit Agreement.  We are also required to have no advances outstanding under the Credit Agreement   for   30   days (which need not be consecutive) during   each calendar year.  W  e had   $900,000   and   zero   in   borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement   at September 30  ,    and June 30,   2016  , respectively. 

12   

At September     30  , 2  016  ,    our   German subsidiary ( GmbH ) had an unsecured credit   facility totaling    350,000     (equivalent   to approximately $  393,000  ).  The facility allows    100,000   to be used to finance working capital needs and equipment purchases or capital leases.  The facility allows up to    250,000   to be used for providing bank guarantees.  The interest rate on any borrowings for working capital needs is   3.99%  .    Amounts exceeding      100,000 will bear interest at   6.89%  .    Any outstanding bank guarantees bear a   2.0%   interest rate.  The   GmbH credit facility is cancelable at any time by either GmbH or the bank and any amounts then outstanding would become immediate  ly due and payable.  At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  , GmbH had   no   borrowings or bank guarantees outstanding. 

During the third quarter of fiscal 2016,   our Italian subsidiary (   Coord3   )   exercised an option to purchase th  eir current manufacturing facility  .  The total remaining   principal   payments of    465,000   (equivalent to approximately   $522,000  )    payable   over the following   31   months   at   a   7.0%     annual   interest rate are recorded in    Short-term notes payable    and  Other Long-Term Liabilities  on our   Consol  idated Balance Sheet at September 30  , 2016. 

10.      Severance, Impairment and Other Charges 

During the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we announced a financial improvement plan that resulted in a reduction in global headcount of approximately   11%  .  This plan was implemented to re-align our fixed costs with our near-to mid-term expectations for our business.  In addition, during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we decided   to   terminate   production and marketing of a specific product line due to limitations in its design.    As a result of this decision, we wrote-off related inventory of $397,000 and impaired certain customer receivable balances in the amount of $145,000.  Total pre-tax cash and non-cash charges related to the original restructuring plan as well as the additional charges from the terminated product line, are expected to be up to   $4.0   million.   

The charges recorded as Severance, Impairment and Other Charges for the three months ended September 30, 2016 related to this restructuring plan are as follows: 

Severance expense (income) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was associated with adjustments at our U.S. (increase of   $110,000  ), Chinese (increase of   $82,000  ) and German (reduction of   $78,000  ) locations as we reached final settlements related to several individuals impacted by the reduction in force.  See Note 16 for further discussion regarding our settlement with the previous owner of Coord3. 

The following table reconciles the activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016 for the Restructuring Reserve: 

The accrued balance at September 30, 2016 mainly includes payments to be made related to our U.S, China. and Germany reduction in force and is expected to be paid within the   next   6   months. 

1  1  .    Current and Long-Term Taxes Payable 

We   acquired current and long-term taxes payable as part of the purchase of Coord3.  The tax liabilities represent income and payroll related taxes that are payable in accordance with government authorized installment payment plans.  These installment plans require varying monthly payments through   January 2021  .   

12  .    Other Long-Term Liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 include   $784,000   and   $775,000  , respectively for long-term contractual and statutory severance liabilities for our employees located in Italy that represent amounts which will be payable to employees upon termination of employment.   See Note 9   for description of long-term debt included   in  Other Long-Term Liabilities  at September 30, 2016.   

13   

13.    Stock-Based Compensation  

We maintain a 2004 Stock Incentive Plan ( 2004 Plan ) covering substantially all company employees, non-employee directors and certain other key persons.  Options previously granted under a 1998 Global Team Member Stock Option Plan ( 1998 Plan ) will continue to be maintained until all options are exercised, cancelled or expire.  No further grants are permitted to be made under the terms of the 1998 Plan.  The 2004 Plan is administered by a committee of our Board of Directors: The Management Development, Compensation and Stock Option Committee.  The 1998 Plan is administered by our President. 

Awards under the 2004 Plan may be in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or restricted stock units, performance share awards, director stock purchase   rights and deferred stock units,   or any combination thereof.  The terms of the awards are determined by the Management Development, Compensation and Stock Option Committee, except as otherwise specified in the 2004 Plan.   

Stock Options 

Options outstanding under the 2004 Plan generally become exercisable at   25%   or   33.3%   per year beginning   one   year after the date of grant and expire   ten   years after the date of grant.  All options outstanding under the 1998 Plan are vested and expire ten years from the date of grant.  Option prices from options granted under these plans must not be less than   the   fair market value of our stock on the date of grant.  We use the Black-Scholes model for determining stock option valuations.  The Black-Scholes model requires subjective assumptions, including future stock price volatility and expected time to exercise, which affect the calculated values.  The expected term of option exercises is derived from historical data regarding employee exercises and post-vesting employment termination behavior.  The risk-free rate of return is based on published U.S. Treasury rates in effect for the corresponding expected term.  The expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our stock price.  These factors could change in the future, which would affect the stock-based compensation expense in future periods.   

We recognized operating expense for non-cash stock-based compensation costs related to stock options in the amount of   $140,000   and   $95,000   in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  A  s of September 30, 2016, the total remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options amounted to approximately   $433,000  .  We expect to recognize this cost over a weighted average vesting period of   2.01   years. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we granted   31,500   and   211,777   stock options, respectively.    The estimated fair value as of the date options were granted during the periods presented, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, is shown in the table below.   

We received approximately   $1,400   and   $23,000   in cash from option exercises under all share-based payment arrangements for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 

Our restricted stock and restricted stock units under the 2004 Plan   generally   have been awarded by three methods as follows:   

(1) Awards that are earned based on an individual s achievement of performance goals during the initial fiscal year with either a subsequent   one  -  year service vesting period or with a one-third vesting requirement on the   first  ,    second   and   third   anniversaries of the issuance, provided the individual s employment has not terminated prior to the vesting date and are freely transferable after vesting;  

(2) Awards that are earned based on achieving certain revenue and operating income results with a subsequent one-third vesting requirement on the   first  ,    second   and   third   anniversaries of the issuance provided the individual s employment has not terminated prior to the vesting date and are freely transferable after vesting; and  

(3) Awards to non-management members of our Board of Directors with a subsequent one-third vesting requirement on the   first  ,    second   and   third   anniversaries of the issuance provided the service of the non-management member of our Board of Directors has not terminated prior to the vesting date and are freely transferable after vesting.   

14   

The grant date fair value associated with granted restricted stock is calculated in accordance with ASC 718    Compensation   Stock Compensation   .  Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards is based on the closing price of our Common Stock on the grant date authorized by our Board of Directors, multiplied by the number of restricted stock awards expected to be issued and vested and is amortized over the combined performance and service periods.  The non-cash stock-based compensation expense recorded for restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards   for the three months ended September 30  , 2016 and 2015 was   $72,000   and   $52,000  , respectively.    As of September 30, 2016, the total remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock and   restricted stock   unit awards is approximately $  114,000  . We expect to recognize this cost over a weighted average vesting period of   1.02   years. 

A summary of the status of restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards issued at September 20, 2016 is presented in the table below. 

1  4  .    Earnings Per Share 

Basic earnings per share ( EPS ) is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Other obligations, such as stock options   and restricted stock awards,   are considered to be potentially dilutive common shares.  Diluted EPS assumes the issuance of potential dilutive common shares outstanding during the period and adjusts for any changes in income and the repurchase of common shares that would have occurred from the assumed issuance, unless such effect is anti-dilutive.  The calculation of diluted shares also takes into effect the average unrecognized non-cash stock-based compensation expense and additional adjustments for tax benefits related to non-cash stock-based compensation expense.    We exclude all options to purchase common stock from the computation of diluted EPS in periods of net losses because the effect is anti-dilutive. 

Options to purchase   159,461   and   323,368   shares of common stock outstanding in the three months ended   September 30  , 2016 and 2015, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because the effect would have been anti-dilutive.   

1  5  .    C  ommitments and Contingencies 

We   may, from time to time, be subject to litigation and other claim  s in the ordinary course of our   business.    We accrue   for estimated losses arising from such litigation or claims if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. To estimate whether a loss contingency should be accrued by a charge to income,   we    e  valuate  , among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of the loss. Since the outcome of litigation and claims is subject to significant uncertainty, changes in the factors used in   our   evalua  tion could materially impact     our   financial position or results of operations. 

We are   currently unaware of any significant pending litigation affecting   us   other than the matters set forth below.   

We are   a party to a civil suit filed by 3CEMS, a Cayman Islands and People s Republic of China corporation, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan and served on   us   on or about January 7, 2015.  The suit alleges that   we   breached   our   contractual obligations by failing to pay for component parts to be used to manufacture optical video scopes for   our   discontinued Commercial Products Business Unit.  3CEMS alleged that it purchased the component parts in advanc  e of the receipt of orders   based upon instructions they claimed to have received from   us  .  The suit alleged damages of not less than   $4.0   million.    We intend   to vigorously defend against 3CEMS  claims.   

Because of the inherent uncertainty of litigation and claims such as the 3CEMS   m  atter,   we are   unable to reasonably estimate a possible loss or range of loss relating to the 3CEMS   m  atter. 

As part of   our   routine evaluation procedures,   we   identified a potential concern regarding the employment status and withholding for several individuals in one of   our   foreign jurisdictions.  During fiscal 2015,   we   estimated a range of the potential financial liability related to this matter of    486,000   to    1     million  .    We were   not able to reasonably estimate the amount within this range that   we   would be required to pay for this matter.  As a result,   in fiscal 2015, we   recorded a reserve of    486,000   (equivalent to approximately   $545,000  ) representing the minimum amount   we   estimated would be paid.    In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we received the final  

15   

notice regarding this issue, and as a result, we recorded an additional accrual of    227,000   (equivalent to approximately   $255,000  ).  We currently expect to finalize this issue and remit all funds due by the end of our fiscal 2017. 

16.    Subsequent Events 

We   perform review procedures for   subsequent events and determine   any necessary disclosures that arise from such evaluation, up to the date of issuance of our annual and interim reports. 

In October 2016, we finalized a settlement with the previous owner of Coord3, who was terminated in connection with the financial improvement plan announced in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  As part of the settlement, we wrote off receivables due from an entity under his control as well as agreed to a final payment of    100,000   due to him prior to the end of our second quarter, which resolved all open claims between the parties related to our acquisitions of NMS and Coord3, as well as his claims for severance payments.  See Note 10   for   further details of the charge we recorded     in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 related to this settlement.   

16   

ITEM 2.        MANAGEMENT S   DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 

OPERATIONS 

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT 

Certain statements in this report, including statements made in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may be  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our expectation as to our fiscal year 2017 and future results, cost savings from our financial improvement plan, operating data, new order bookings, revenue, expenses, net income and backlog levels, trends affecting our future revenue levels, the rate of new orders, the timing of revenue and net income increases from new products which we have recently released or have not yet released, the timing of the introduction of new products and our ability to fund our fiscal year 2017 and future cash flow requirements.    We may also make forward-looking statements in our press releases or other public or shareholder communications.  Whenever possible, we have identified these forward-looking statements by words such as  target,   will,   should,   believes,   expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   prospects,   outlook  or similar expressions.  We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for all of our forward-looking statements.  While we believe that our forward-looking statements are reasonable, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.  Because these forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are subject to change, actual results could be materially different.  Factors that might cause such a difference include, without limitation, disruptions to our operations due to our financial improvement plan and related headcount reductions and position eliminations, risks associated with changes in our sales strategy and structure, including the impact of such changes on booking and revenue levels and customer purchase decisions, the risk that actual charges from the financial improvement plan differ from the assumptions used in estimating the charges and the risks and uncertainties discussed from time to time in our periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those listed in  Item 1  A   Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016  .  Except as required by applicable law, we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any obligation to publicly update or alter our statements whether as a result of new information, events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report or otherwise.   

Executive Summary 

Perceptron, Inc. ( Perceptron ,  we ,  us  or  our ) develops, produces and sells a comprehensive range of automated industrial metrology products and solutions to manufacturing organizations for dimensional gauging, dimensional inspection and 3D scanning.  Our primary operations are in North America, Europe and Asia.  We have one operating segment, because all of our products rely on our core laser technology.  However, our products are divided into the following: 

In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions - engineered metrology systems for industrial automated process control and assembly using fixed and robot mounted laser scanners.  We also provide Value Added Services including training, field service, calibration, launch support services, consulting services, maintenance agreements and repairs related to our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions.     

Off-Line Measurement Solutions - tailored metrology products for industrial gauging and dimensional inspection using   standalone   robot-  mounted laser scanners and Coordinate Measuring Machines ( CMM ).  We also provide Value Added Services including training, calibration, maintenance agreements and repairs related to our Off-Line Measurement Solutions.       

3D Scanning Solutions - laser scanner products that target the digitizing, reverse engineering, inspection and original equipment manufacturers wheel alignment markets.     

The largest end-use market we serve is the automotive industry.  New automotive tooling programs represent the most important selling opportunity for our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions.  The number and timing of new vehicle tooling programs varies based on the plans of the individual automotive manufacturers.  The existing installed base of In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions also provides a continuous revenue stream in the form of system additions, upgrades and modifications as well as Value Added Services such as customer training and support.   

Our Off-Line Measurement and 3D Scanning Solutions are used by and targeted to a wide variety of industrial customers, with the automotive industry representing the largest market for industrial metrology products.   

17   

R  ESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 

Overview       We   reported   a net loss of $  2.4   million, or ($0.  25  ) per diluted share,   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   compared with a net   loss   of $  2.1   million, or   ($0.23) per diluted share, for the first   quarter of fiscal 201  6  .      

Our quarterly results vary from quarter to quarter and are dependent upon delivery and installation schedules determined by our customers.  These schedules are subject to change by the customer and are not controlled by   us  .    

Bookings       Bookings represent new orders received from our customers.  We expect the level of new orders to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and do not believe new order bookings during any parti  cular period are indicative of our future operating performance  .   

Bookings by geographic location were   (in millions)  :    

The increase in bookings in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016 of $8.6 million, including a favorable currency impact of $0.2 million,   is primarily due to an increase of $8.6 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions and an increase of $0.7 million in our 3D Scanning Solutions, partially offset by a decrease of $0.4 million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions and a $0.3 million decrease in our Value Added Services.  On a geographic basis, the $  6.0   million increase in the Americas region is primarily due to an increase of $6.0 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions and an increase of $0.4 million in our 3D Scanning Solutions, partially offset by a decrease of $0.  4   million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions.  T  he $3.0 million increase in our Asia region is primarily due to an increase of $2.2 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions, an increase of $0.8 million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions and an increase of $0.1 million in our 3D Scanning Solutions, partially offset by a decrease of $0.1 million in our Value Added Services.  The $0.4 million decrease in Europe is primarily due to a decrease of $0.8 million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions and a decrease of $0.2 million in our Value Added Services, partially offset by an increase of $0.4 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions and an increase of $0.2 million in our 3D Scanning Solutions. 

Backlog       Backlog represents orders or bookings   we have   received   but   have not yet been filled.    We believe   that   the level of backlog during any particular period   is   not necessarily indicative of   our   future operating performance.  Although most of the backlog i  s subject to cancellation by our   customer, we expect to fill subs  tantially all of the orders in our   backlog during the   next   twelve months.   

Backlog by geographic location was   (in millions)  : 

Prior Year s Backlog has been updated to reflect corrections to prior calculations. 

The current quarter ending backlog increased by $5.6 million compared to the ending backlog at September 30, 2016  .  The increase in our backlog was primarily due to an increase of $  4.4   million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions, an increase of $0.9 million in our Value Added Services, an increase of $0.  8   million in our 3D Scanning Solutions, partially offset by a decrease of $0.5 million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions.  On a geographic basis, the $6.3 million increase in our Americas region is primarily due to an increase of $  5.2   million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions, an increase of $1.2 million in our Value Added Services and an increase of $0.4 million related to our 3D Scanning Solutions, partially offset by a decrease of $0.5 million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions.  The $0.3 million increase in our Europe region is primarily due to an increase of $1.9 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions, partially offset by a decrease of $1.3 million in our Off-Line Measurement   Solutions, a decrease of $0.2 million in our Value Added Services and a decrease of $0.1 million in our 3D Scanning Solutions.  The $1.0 million decrease in our Asia region is primarily due to a decrease of $2.7 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Solutions and a  

18   

decrease of $0.1 million in our Value Added Services, partially offset by an increase of $1.3 million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions and an increase of $0.5 million in our 3D Scanning Solutions. 

A summary of our operating results is shown below: 

Sales     Sales   of $  17.5   million for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017     increased $2.4 million, or   15.9  %,     including a favorable currency impact of $0.2 million,   when compared to the same period a year ago.        The increase is primarily due to   an increase of $1.9 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions, an increase of $0.3 million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions, an increase of $0.1 million in our 3D Scanning Solutions and an increase of $0.1 million in our Value Added Services.  On a geographic basis, the $3.0 million increase in our Europe region is primarily due to an increase of $3.0 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions and an increase of $0.2 million in our Value Added Services, partially offset by a decline of $0.2 million in our 3D Scanning Solutions.  The decrease of $0.1 million in our Americas region is primarily due to a decrease of $0.5 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement Solutions and a decrease of $0.1 million in our Value Added Services, partially offset by an increase of $0.3 million in our 3D Scanning Solutions and an increase of $0.2 million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions.  The decrease of $0.5 million in our Asia region is primarily due to a decrease of $0.6 million in our In-Line and Near-Line Measurement solutions, partially offset by an increase of $0.1 million in our Off-Line Measurement Solutions.  

Gross Profit      Gross profit percentage   was   26.3  %   in the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   compared to   29.4  % in the same quarter a year ago.    The lower gross profit percentage in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was primarily the   timing of certain expenses in our cost of goods sold and outside contractor expenses.  These factors were partially offset by lower employee-related operating costs due to our previously announced financial improvement plan. 

Selling, General and Administrative (SG A)     Expenses       SG A expenses were   approximately $  4.3   million in the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017  , a decrease of $1.0 million compared to the first quarter a year ago.        The decrease is prim  arily due to cost savings from the    r  eduction in force related to our   previously announced financial improvement plan   including declines in employee-related costs of $0.4 million, contractor services of $0.2 million and lower Board of Director fees of $0.1 million. Other decreases in SG A include lower legal and audit fees of $0.2 million and lower advertising and marketing costs of $0.1 million. 

Engineering, Research and Development (R D) Expenses       Engineering, research and development expenses   were   approximately   $1.6   million in the   first quarter of fiscal 2017, compared to $2.2 million in the first quarter of 2016.    The decrease is primarily due to cost savings from a reduction in force related to the previously announced financial improvement plan. 

Severance, Impairments and Other Charges         Severance, impairments and other charges for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 were approximately $0.7 million.  A charge of $0.1 million was   primarily related to finalizing severance   agreements     at   our U.S.  , China   and German locations  .  In addition, during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we decided to terminate the   production and marketing of a specific product line due to limitations in its design.    As a result of this decision, we wrote-off related inventory of $0.4 million and impaired certain customer receivable balances in the amount of $0.2 million.  We now expect that the total expenses incurred related  

19   

to the financial improvement plan announced in our third quarter of fiscal 2016 as well as the terminated product line to total approximately $4.0 million.   

Interest Expense  , net       Net interest expense   was $0.1   million   in   the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   compared with   an immaterial amount of   net interest income   in the first   quarter of fiscal 201  6  .    This change was due to a decrease in interest income, because of lower invested cash balances in 2017 compared to 2016, as well as the addition of interest expense on liabilities acquired in the Coord3 acquisition and the outstanding balance on the U.S. credit facility. 

Foreign Currency Gain       Foreign Currency gain, net     in the first   quarter of fiscal   2017     was   a net   gain   of $0  .1 million   compared to a  n immaterial   net   gain   in the   first quarter of fiscal   201  6  .    The favorable change was primarily related to the   Japanese Yen   and the Brazilian Real in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.  

Other Income     Other income in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 was primarily dividend income received   from   our long term investment. 

Income Taxes       Our   effective tax rate for the   first   quarter of fiscal year   2017   was   (  18.6  %)   compared to   30.5  % in the   first   quarter of fiscal year 201  6  .    In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we established a full valuation allowance against our U.S. Federal, Germany and Brazil net deferred tax assets.  In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we established additional valuation allowances in Japan and Singapore, totaling $0.5 million.    The effective tax rate in   the first quarter of fiscal 2017 is impacted by not being able to recognize tax benefits on pre-tax losses in these jurisdictions.  The effective tax rate in the first quarter of fiscal 2016   primarily reflects the effect of the mix of pre-tax income and loss across our various tax jurisdictions and their respective tax rates. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

Our primary liquidity needs are to fund capital expenditures   and product development  , support working capital requirements, and, when needed, fund operating losses. In general, our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows fr  om operating activities     and   borrowings under available credit facilities. 

Cash on Hand.    Our   cash and cash equivalents were   $  6.6   million at   September 30  , 201  6  , compared to $  6.8   million at   June   30, 201  6  .  The   $0.2 million decrease in cash primarily related to $1.  5   million of cash used for operations   partially offset by   $0.4 million of cash   provided from investments,   $0.  8     million   cash   provided   from   financing and $0.1 million impact from changes in exchange rates  . 

Cash Flow.    Cash used for operations resulted f  rom a net loss of $2.4 million   and a use of cash related to w  orking capital changes of $0.8   million  , partially offset by $1.7 million in adjustments from non-cash items  .       Cash changes in working capital items resulted from   cash provided from accounts receivable of $1.7 million and   inventory   of $1.2 million  , partially offset   by uses of cash from   other current assets and liabilities   of   $  2.1   million   and accounts payable of $1.6 million.    The   decrease   in inventory   is primarily due to careful monitoring of our working capital levels, while     t  he   decrease   in accounts payable represents fluctuations in the timing of   receipts of goods and the related   payments  .  The decrease in accounts receivable   relates to the timing of   our cash collections as well as lower sales levels in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.  Finally, t  he change in other current assets and liabilities relates primarily to the timing of   revenue recognition as well as     payments on   the restructuring reserve related to the previously anno  unced financial improvement plan, partially offset by payroll-related items  . 

Working Capital Reserves.    We provide   a reserve for obsolescence to recognize inventory impairment for the effects of   engineering change orders as well as the age and usage   of inventory that affect the value of the inventory.  The reserve for obsolescence creates a new cost basis for the impaired inventory.   When inventory that has previously been   impaired is sold or disposed  , the related obsolescence reserve is reduced resulting in the reduced cost basis being reflected in cost of goods sold.  A detailed review of the inventory is performed annually with quarterly updates for known changes that have occurred since the annual review.  During the   three  -month period ended   September 30  , 201  6  ,    we     increased ou  r reserve for obsolescence by $0.4 million, primarily due to the decision to cease production and marketing of a specific product line due to limitations in its design  . 

We determine     our   allowance for doubtful accounts by considering a number of factors, including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due,   our   previous loss history,   our   custo  mer s current ability to pay their     outstanding balance due to us   and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole.    We write  -off accounts receivable   balances when they become uncollectible.  Any p  ayments subsequently received on such receivables   increase our   allowance for doubtful accounts   balance  .    We     decreased our allowance for doubtful accounts by a net $0.1 million during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 which primarily resulted from one customer return. 

Investments.        At   September   30, 2016, we had short-term investments totaling   $1.1   million and   a long-term investment recorded at   $0.7   million compared to short-term investments totaling $  1.5   million, a long-term investment recorded at $0.7 million and long-term time deposits of $0.1 million at June 30, 201  6  .  See Note   6  , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements,  Short-  Term and Long- 

20   

Term Investments    contained in this   Quarterly   Report on Form 10-  Q   for further information on our investments and their current valuation.  The market for our long-term investment is currently illiquid.    In our short-term investments,     $0.3   million serve as collateral for bank guarantees that provide financial assurance that we will fulfill certain customer obligations in China.  The cash is restricted as to withdrawal or use while the related bank guarantee is outstanding.  Interest is earned on the restricted cash and recorded as interest income. 

Credit Facilities  .  W  e   had approximately   $1  .1 million     and   $0.2 million in short-term   notes payable outstanding at   September 30  , 2016 and June 30, 201  6  , respectively.    In addition, we had approximately $0.3 million and $0.4 million in long-term debt outstanding included in  Other Long-Term Liabilities  at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

At September 30, 2016  ,    we     were a party to an   Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Comerica Bank (   Credit Agreement ).  The Credit Agreement is   an on-demand line of credit  .  The   Credit Agreement is cancelable at any time by either Perceptron or Comerica and any amounts outstanding would be immediately due and payable.  The maximum permitted borrowings   are   $10.0 million.  The borrowing base   i  s equal to the lesser of 50% of eligible inventory or $4.0 million   and   the lesser of $6.0 million or 80% of eligible   receivables. At   September 30  , 2016,   our     additional available   borrowing under this facility was approximately   $  3.2     million.  Proceeds under the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and capital   expenditures.  Security for the Credit Agreement is substantially all of our assets held in the United States.  Borrowings are designated as a Libor-based Advance or as a Prime-based Advance if the Libor-based Advance is not available.  Interest on Libor  -based Advances is calculated at   2.35%   above the Libor Rate offered at the time for the period chosen, and is payable on the last day of the applicable period.    We are   required to maintain a Tangible Net Worth of at least   $29.0   million.    We     were     not   in compliance   with the Tangible Net Worth financial covenant at   September 30  , 2016  , however a waiver was obtained from Comerica Bank on November 4, 2016  .    We are not allowed to pay cash dividends under the Credit Agreement.  We are also required to have no advances outstanding under the Credit Agreement   for   30   days (which need not be consecutive) during   each calendar year.  We had $0.9 million and zero in   borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement   at September 30  ,    and June 30,   2016  , respectively. 

At September     30  , 2  016  ,    our   German subsidiary ( GmbH ) had an unsecured credit facility totaling      0.4 million   (equivalent to approximately $  0.4 million  ).  The facility allows      0.1 million   to be used to finance working capital needs and equipment purchases or capital leases.  The facility allows up to      0.3 million   to be used for providing bank guarantees.  The interest rate on any borrowings for working capital needs is   3.99  %  .    Amounts exceeding the limit of      0.1 million will bear interest at 6.89%.   Any outstanding bank guarantees bear a   2.0%   interest rate.  The   GmbH credit facility is cancelable at any time by either GmbH or the bank and any amounts then outstanding would become immediate  ly due and payable.  At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016  , GmbH had   no   borrowings or bank guarantees outstanding  . 

During the third quarter of fiscal 2016,   our Italian subsidiary (   Coord3   )   exercised an option to purchase th  eir current manufacturing facility  .  The total remaining   principal   payments of      0.5 million   (equivalent to approximately   $  0.5 million  )    payable   over the following   3  1   months   at   a   7.0%     annual   interest rate are recorded in    Short-term notes payable    and  Other Long-Term Liabilities  on our   Consol  idated Balance Sheet at September 30  , 2016. 

Commitments and Contingencies  .  A  s part of   our   routine evaluation procedures,   we   identified a potential concern regarding the employment status and withholding for several individuals in one of   our   foreign jurisdictions.  During fiscal 2015,   we   estimated a range of the potential financial liability related to this matter of      0.5 million   to      1  .0     million  .    We were   not able to reasonably estimate the amount within this range that   we   would be required to pay for this matter.  As a result,   in fiscal 2015, we   recorded a reserve of      0.5 million   (equivalent to approximately   $  0.5 million  ) representing the minimum amount   we   estimated would be paid.    In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we received the final notice regarding this issue, and as a result, we recorded an additional accrual of      0.2 million (equivalent to   approximately $0.  3 million).  We currently expect to finalize this issue and remit all funds due by the end of our fiscal 2017. 

See   Note 1  5   to the Consolidated Financial Statements,  Commitments and Contingencies , contained in this Qu  arterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as   Item 3,  Legal Proceedings  and Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements,  Contingencies , of   our   Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 201  6   for a discussion of certain other contingencies relating to   our   liquidity, financial position and results of operations.  See also, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies - Litigation and Other Contingencies  of   our   Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 201  6  . 

Capital Spending.    We spent     $0.1 million   on capital equipment in the first three months of fiscal year 2017   compared to $0.7 million in the first three months of fiscal 2016 as we are currently closely scrutinizing all potential capital projects compared to our current cash balances.        

21   

Capital Resources and Outlook.        Information in this  Outlook  section should be read in conjunction with the    Safe Harbor Statement,  cautionary statements   and discussion of risk factors included elsewhere in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the   fiscal   year ended   June 30, 2016  . 

At   September 30  , 201  6  ,    we   had   $  7.7   million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investm  ents of which $7.3 million, or   approximately 95%,   was held in foreign bank accounts.   We do not typically repatriate our foreign earnings. 

Our current outlook for fiscal 2017 is based on our internal projections about the market and related economic conditions, estimated foreign currency exchange rate effects, as well as our understanding of our key customers  plans for their retooling projects. If our key customers  plans differ from our understanding, this could have an adverse impact on our outlook. 

Sales in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 increased by 15.9% to $17.5 million, when compared to the same period a year ago. We believe our sales for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 will be in the range of $16.5 million to $19.5 million.  For our full fiscal year, we expect   revenue growth in the high single digits   compared to fiscal 2016   as we anticipate a return to an imp  roving long-term revenue trend. 

After giving recognition to the factors discussed above, we expect that the full fiscal year of 2017 operating (loss) income could improve compared to 2016, if we are successful at completing our previously announced financial improvement plan and other cost reductions as well as continue to progress with our long-term growth strategy and diversification program.   Based on our business plan, we believe our level of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, credit facilities and expected cash flows in each jurisdiction is sufficient to fund our 2017 cash flow requirements.    We continue to expect capital spending   to   be   approximately $0.8 million during fiscal 2017 for capital expenditures, although there is no binding commitment to do so.    Furthermore, the level of our capital spending is dependent on our financial results. 

We   will   evaluate   bus  iness opportunities that fit our   strategic plans.  There can be no assurance that   we   will identify   opportunities that fit our   strategic plans or   that we   will be able to enter into agreements with identified business opportunities on terms acceptable to   us  .    We anticipate   that   we   would finance any such business opportunities from available cash on hand, issu  ance of additional shares of our   stock or additional sources of financing  , as circumstances warrant  . 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

A summary of critical accounting policies is presented in Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies  of   our   Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 201  6  .    

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMEMTS 

For a discussion of new accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements,  New Accounting Pronouncements      contained in this   Quarterly   Report on Form 10-  Q  . 

MARKET RISK INFORMATION 

Our   primary market risk is related to foreign exchange rates.  The foreign exchange risk is derived from the operations   outside the U.S.  , which are prima  rily located in Germany, Italy and   China  .       We   may  ,   from time to time  ,   have interest rate risk in connection with the investment of   our available cash balances or outstanding variable credit facilities  . 

Foreign Currency Risk 

We have   forei  gn currency exchange risk in our   international operations arising from the time period between sales commitment and delivery for contracts   entered into in   currencies   other than the U.S. Dollar. For sales backlog   entered into in currencies   other than the U.S. Dollar  , the currency rate risk exposure is predominantly less than one year with   the majority in the 120 to 150-  day range.  At   September 30  , 201  6  ,    our     backlog in   currencies   other than the U.S. Dollar   was approximately   62.4  % or $26.6 million,   compared to   73.3  % or $  27.2   million at   September 30, 2015.  We are   most vulnerable to changes in U.S. Dollar  /Euro, U.S. Dollar/Chinese Yuan   and U.S. Dollar/Japanese Yen exchange rates.  

Our   potential change in   net loss   that would result   from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates related to the translation of foreign denominated revenues and expenses into U.S. Dollars for the three months ended   September 30  , 2016, would have been   less than $0.1 million  .  This sensitivity analysis assumes there are no changes other than the exchange rates.  This analysis has inherent limitations, including that it disregards the possibility that (i) the exchange rates of multiple foreign currencies may not always move in the same direction or percentage amount relative to the value of the U.S. Dollar and (ii) changes in exchange rates may impact the volume of sales. 

22   

Interest Rate Risk 

We invest our   cash and cash equivalents in high   quality, short-term investments,   primarily   with   term  s   of three months or less.  Based on our outstanding   credit facilities   and invested cash balances at   September 30  , 2016, a 1% increase in interest rates would have an   immaterial impact on our interest expense   and a 1% decrease in interest rates would have an immaterial effect on our investments.  As a result,   we do   not currently hedge these interest rate exposures.   

Uncertainties in Credit Markets 

At   September 30, 2016  ,    we hold   a long-term investment in preferred stock that is not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.   Our   long-term investment is subject to risk due to a decline in value of the investment.  The investment is currently recorded at $  0.7 million,   after consideration of impairment charges recorded in fiscal years 2008 and 2009.   

Based on   our   current business plan, cash   and cash equivalents   and   our   short-term investments of   $  7.7   million at   September 30, 2016     as well as the   existing   availability on our   credit facilities,   we do   not currently anticipate t  hat the lack of liquidity in this   long-term investment will affect   our ability to operate or fund our   currently anticipated fiscal 201  7   cash flow requirements. 

ITEM 3.          QUANTITATIVE   AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Information required pursuant to this item is incorporated by reference herein from Item 2  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Market Risk Information.    

ITEM 4.          CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We   carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of   our   management, including   our   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of   our   disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  1934 Act ).  Based upon that evaluation,   our   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of   September 30  , 201  6  ,    our   disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  Rule 13a-15(e) of the 1934 Act defines  disclosure controls and procedures  as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by   us   in the reports that   we file or submit   under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms.  Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by   us   in the reports that   we file or submit   under the 1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to   our   management, including   our   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

There have been no changes in   our   internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30  , 201  6   identified in connection with   our   evaluation that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,   our   internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II.            OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1A.            RISK FACTORS 

There have been no material changes made to the risk factors listed in  Item 1A   Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2016. 

23   

ITEM 6.        EXH    IBI  TS 

* Filed Herewith 

24   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Perceptron, Inc.  

(Registrant)  

Date:    November 7  , 2016  

By:  

/s/ W. Richard Marz                

W. Richard Marz  

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date:    November 7  , 2016  

By:  

/s/ David L. Watza                

David L. Watza  

Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer)  

25   

<EX-4.19>
 2
 prcp-20160930xex4_19.htm
 EX-4.19

EX-419

EXHIBIT 4.19 

November 4,   20  16 

P  erceptron, Inc. 

47827 Halyard Dr. 

Plymouth  ,    Michigan     48170 

Re:  

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 16, 2010, by and between Perceptron, Inc. ( Company ) and Comerica Bank (as amended,  Credit Agreement )  

Gentle  men  : 

Company has advised the Bank that it has violated the provisions of   Section   7  .  11   of the   Credit A  greement for   the   period ended   September   30  , 20  16     (the  Covenant Violation     ). Company has requested that the Bank waive any Event of Default under the     Credit   Agreement   resulting from the Covenant Violation. The Bank hereby waives the Covenant Violation   ( Waiver ). 

This Waiver shall not be deemed to amend or alter in any respect the terms and conditions of the     Credit   Agreement, or to constitute a waiver or release by the Bank of any right, remedy   Default   or Ev  ent of Default under the   Credit   Agreement, except to the extent expressly set forth above. Furthermore, this Waiver shall not affect in any manner whatsoever any rights or remedies of the Bank with respect to any other non-compliance by the Company with the   Credit   Agreement   or the Loan Documents   whether in the nature of an Event of Default or otherwise, and whether now in existence or subsequently arising. 

Except as specifically defined to the contrary herein, capitalized terms used in this Waiver shall have the meanings given them in the   Credit   Agreement. 

Very truly yours, 

COMERICA BANK 

By  :     /s/ Norman L. Bird 

Its:     SVP 

</EX-4.19>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 prcp-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-311

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,   W. Richard Marz  , certify that: 

1.      I have reviewed this   Quarterly     Report on Form 10-  Q   of Perceptron, Inc.; 

2.        Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.        Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.        The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))   and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))   for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.        The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of   the   registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:        November   7  , 2016 

/s/     W. Richard Marz           

W. Richard Marz               

Chairman of the Board, President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 prcp-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-312

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,   David L. Watza  , certify that: 

1.        I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on Form 10-  Q   of Perceptron, Inc.; 

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.        Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.        The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))   and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))   for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.        The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of   the   registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November     7  , 2016 

/s/   David L. Watza                                     David L. Watza 

Senior   Vice President  , Finance   and     Chief Financial Officer                          

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 prcp-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-321

EXHIBIT 32  .1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the   Quarterly     Report of Perceptron, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-  Q   for the   period ending   September 30  , 201  6     as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),   I  ,    W. Richard Marz  ,     Chairman of the Board,     President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company  ,    certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/   W. Richard Marz                 W. Richard Marz     Chairman of the Board, President and   Chief Executive Officer     November     7  ,   201  6 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 prcp-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-322

EXHIBIT 32  .  2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the   Quarterly     Report of Perceptron, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-  Q   for the   period ending   September 30  , 201  6     as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),   I  ,    David L. Watza, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer   of the Company  ,    certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/   David L. Watza                 David L. Watza   Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer)     November     7  ,   201  6 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 prcp-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 prcp-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 prcp-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 prcp-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 prcp-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 prcp-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

