<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161209_10-Q_edgar_data_1556148_0001193125-16-789147_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25480891</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>213270</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>691914</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7480501</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11944967</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4511475</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>65</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-789147.hdr.sgml : 20161209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161209080345
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-789147
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Infor, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001556148
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				010924667
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-183494-06
		FILM NUMBER:		162042829

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O INFOR, INC.
		STREET 2:		641 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(678) 319-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O INFOR, INC.
		STREET 2:		641 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-789147.txt : 20161209

10-Q
 1
 d243006d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549       
    
  FORM 10-Q       

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016  
  OR      
 
  FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                       TO
                         
  Commission file number: 333-183494-06       

INFOR, INC.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)       

DELAWARE  
   
  01-0924667   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification Number)    

641 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS  
  NEW YORK, NEW YORK   
   
  10011   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (646) 336-1700   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes         No      
  Note: The registrant is a voluntary filer and is not subject to the filing requirements. However, the registrant has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months.     Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes         No       
 The number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 6, 2016, was 1,000, par value $0.01 per share.  

Table of Contents  

   INFOR, INC.  
  Form 
10-Q       Index      

PART I.  
    
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

4 

Item  1.  
    
  Financial Statements (unaudited)  

4 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016  

4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015  

5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015  

6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015  

7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

8 

Item 2.  
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

44 

Item 3.  
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

64 

Item 4.  
    
  Controls and Procedures  

65 

PART II.  
    
  OTHER INFORMATION  

65 

Item 1.  
    
  Legal Proceedings  

65 

Item 1A.  
    
  Risk Factors  

65 

Item 2.  
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

66 

Item 3.  
    
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

66 

Item 4.  
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

66 

Item 5.  
    
  Other Information  

66 

Item 6.  
    
  Exhibits  

66 

Signatures  

67 

2  

Table of Contents  

   Forward-Looking Statements  
 In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 (this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q), contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of securities laws. The forward-looking statements are made in reliance upon the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words
 believe,   expect,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   estimate,   forecast,   project,   should  and similar expressions are intended to identify
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, among others, statements about our future performance, the continuation of historical trends, the
sufficiency of our sources of capital for future needs, the effects of acquisitions, the outcome of pending litigation and the expected impact of recently issued accounting pronouncements. These statements are based on certain assumptions that
we have made in light of our experience in the industry as well as our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate in these circumstances. The forward-looking
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements; including those that are discussed under  Risk Factors  in documents we
have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on June 23, 2016 (our Annual Report on Form 10-K), and those that may be
discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q under Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors .                  
 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this
Quarterly Report. The forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect management s opinions only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any
revision to these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Readers should carefully review the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other documents that we file from
time to time with the SEC including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.     Available Information   
 We announce material information, including press releases, analyst presentations and financial information regarding the Company (as defined
below), through a variety of means, including the Company s website (www.infor.com), the Investors subpage of our website (www.infor.com/company/infor-investors-relations/), our blog (blogs.infor.com), press releases, filings with the SEC,
public conference calls and social media, including the Company s Twitter account (twitter.com/infor) and Facebook page (www.facebook.com/infor), in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public. The
Investors subpage is accessible by clicking on the tab labeled  Company  on our website home page. We also use these channels to expedite public access to time-critical information regarding the Company in advance of or in lieu of
distributing a press release or a filing with the SEC disclosing the same information. Therefore, investors should look to these channels for important and time-critical information. In addition, we make available on the Investors subpage of our
website (under the link  Investor News ), free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as soon as practicable after we electronically file such reports with the SEC. We encourage investors, the media
and others interested in the Company to review the information we post on these various channels, as such information could be deemed to be material information. The information posted on our website, blog or social media is not incorporated
into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.    Additionally, the public may read and copy any of the materials we file with the SEC at the
SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. Our electronically filed reports can also be
obtained on the SEC s internet site at http://www.sec.gov.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       INFOR, INC.  
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (in millions, except share amounts which are actuals)  
  (unaudited)      
   The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   INFOR, INC.  
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  (in millions)     (unaudited)

(1) 
 Excludes amortization of intangible assets and depreciation, which are separately stated below.   
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   INFOR, INC.  
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
  (in millions)  
  (unaudited )     
     The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   INFOR, INC.  
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (in millions)     (unaudited)
      
   The accompanying Notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   INFOR, INC.  
    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  (unaudited)     1. Nature of Business and
Basis of Presentation    Infor, Inc. is one of the largest providers of enterprise software and services in the world. We provide
industry-specific and other enterprise software products and related services, primarily to large and medium-sized enterprises in many industries, including manufacturing, distribution, healthcare, public sector, automotive, service industries,
equipment services, management and rental (ESM R), consumer products and retail and hospitality industries. Our software and services offerings are often  mission critical  for many of our customers as they help automate and
integrate critical business processes, which enable our customers to better manage their suppliers, partners, customers and employees, as well as their business operations generally. Our industry-specific approach distinguishes us from larger
competing enterprise software vendors, whose primary focus is on software programs that are less specialized and more difficult to run in the cloud, and take more time and cost to tailor to customers  specific needs during periods of
implementation and upgrade. We believe our products and services provide a lower relative total cost of ownership for customers than the offerings of larger competing vendors.  
 We specialize in and target specific industries, or verticals, and have industry-specific business units that leverage our industry-oriented
products and teams. Augmenting our vertical-specific applications, we have horizontal software applications, including our customer relationship management (CRM), enterprise asset management (EAM), financial applications, human capital management
(HCM), and supply chain management (SCM) suites which, in addition to our proprietary light-weight middleware solution ION, are integrated with our enterprise software applications and sold across different verticals. By delivering deep industry
functionality coupled with lightweight integration, our customers can take advantage of these mission-critical applications and suites in the cloud, running on Amazon Web Services, a hosting services industry leader. Additionally, Infor offers
the GT Nexus, Inc. (GT Nexus) supply chain network platform to connect companies with their suppliers, distributors, and 3PLs in a commerce cloud. We also provide ongoing support and maintenance services for our customers through our
subscription-based annual maintenance and support programs. In addition to providing software products, we help our customers implement and use our applications more effectively through our consulting services.  
 We generate revenue primarily from the sale of perpetual software licenses granting customers use of our software products, providing access
to software products through our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) subscription offerings, providing product updates and support and providing consulting services to our customers.  
 We serve a large, diverse and specialized global customer base across three geographic regions the Americas, Europe, Middle East and
Africa (EMEA) and Asia Pacific (APAC).    Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, hereafter any reference to  Infor,
we, our, us  or  the Company  refers to  Infor, Inc.  and its consolidated subsidiaries.      Basis of Presentation   
 Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
(GAAP) as set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) and consider the various staff accounting bulletins and other applicable guidance issued by the SEC. Our Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements include the accounts of Infor, Inc. and our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries operating in the Americas, EMEA and APAC. Our investments in other non-consolidated entities are accounted for using the equity method or cost method
depending upon the level of ownership and/or our ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  
 The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes are presented as permitted by FASB requirements for quarterly reports and
do not contain all the information and disclosures included in our annual financial statements and related notes as required by GAAP. The Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet data as of April 30, 2016, and other amounts presented herein as of April
30, 2016, or for the year then ended, were derived from our audited financial statements. The accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements reflect all adjustments, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly state our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. These adjustments consist of normal and recurring items. The results of operations for our interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results to be achieved
for any future interim period or for our full fiscal year. The accompanying interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended
April 30, 2016, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
      8  

Table of Contents  

    Noncontrolling Interests    
 We consolidate our majority-owned subsidiaries and reflect redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests on our Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets for the portion of those entities that we do not own as mezzanine equity on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and as a component of consolidated equity separate from the equity attributable to Infor, Inc. s
stockholders, respectively. The redeemable noncontrolling interests  and noncontrolling interests  share in our net earnings are included in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in our Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations, and their portion of comprehensive income (loss) is included in comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss).  
 Noncontrolling interests with redemption features, such as put options, that are not solely within our control (redeemable noncontrolling
interests) are reported as mezzanine equity on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, between liabilities and equity, at the greater of redemption value or initial carrying value. The redeemable noncontrolling interest that we have reported
related to an 18.52% interest in GT Nexus that Infor did not own. In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, we purchased the remaining 18.52% of GT Nexus from the holders of the redeemable noncontrolling interests for $138.0 million, and GT
Nexus became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. See Note 3,  Acquisitions   Fiscal 2016 .    The following table presents a
summary of the changes in the redeemable noncontrolling interests for the periods indicated:      
   The noncontrolling interest that we report as equity on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets relates to a
minority interest held in an international subsidiary acquired in the GT Nexus Acquisition (as defined below).      Cost Method Investments    
 We have investments in other entities where we do not hold a controlling interest. We use the cost method of accounting when our voting
interests in such entities are less than 20% and we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the entities  operating and financial policies. Our cost method investments are reported at cost and are included in other assets
on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Dividend income received, if any, is reported in other (income) expense, net, in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Our cost method investments are assessed for impairment when
events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. We have not recorded any dividends or other-than-temporary impairment charges related to our cost method investments. The fair values of our cost
method investments are not readily available, and there are no quoted market prices for these investments.    In the third quarter of fiscal
2016, we acquired a 16.67% equity interest in LogicBlox-Predictix Holdings, Inc. (Predictix), for $25.0 million pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 18, 2016 (the Predictix Stock Purchase Agreement), by and among Infor
Enterprise Applications, LP (Infor Enterprise), which is an affiliate of the parent company of Infor, and Predictix and the stockholder parties signatory thereto. We accounted for our investment in Predictix under the cost method in accordance with
applicable accounting principles as we did not have significant influence over Predictix. As of April 30, 2016, our investment in Predictix had a carrying value of approximately $25.0 million. On June 27, 2016, we acquired the remaining issued
and outstanding capital stock of Predictix and we discontinued the cost method accounting treatment from that date forward. See Note 3,  Acquisitions .  
      9  

Table of Contents  

    Business Segments   
 We view our operations and manage our business as three reportable segments:  License, Maintenance , and  Consulting . We determine
our reportable operating segments in accordance with the provisions in the FASB guidance on segment reporting, which establish standards for, and requires disclosure of, certain financial information related to reportable operating segments and
geographic regions. See Note 16,  Segment and Geographic Information .      Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. These
estimates, judgments and assumptions are based upon information available to us at the time that they are made and are believed to be reliable. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of our revenues and expenses during the periods presented. On an on-going basis we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, those related to
revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts and sales returns, fair value of equity-based compensation, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, fair value of contingent consideration related to our acquisitions, useful lives
of intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, restructuring obligations, contingencies and litigation, and fair value of derivative financial instruments. We believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the
circumstances and they form a basis for making judgments about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Differences between these estimates, judgments or assumptions and actual results could
materially impact our financial statements. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s judgment in its application.  
   Fiscal Year     Our fiscal year is
from May 1 through April 30 and the second quarter of each fiscal year is from August 1 through October 31. Unless otherwise stated, references to the years 2017 and 2016 relate to our fiscal years ended April 30, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. References to future years also relate to our fiscal years ending April 30.     2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 A detailed description of our significant accounting policies can be found in our financial statements for our fiscal year ended April 30,
2016, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following Notes should be read in conjunction with such policies and other disclosures contained therein. 
   Revenue Recognition      We generate
revenues primarily by licensing software and SaaS subscriptions, providing software support and product updates and providing consulting services to our customers. We record software license, product updates and support, and related service revenues
in accordance with the guidance provided by ASC 985-605,  Software Revenue Recognition,  and we record revenues related to non-software deliverables such as SaaS subscriptions and related service revenue in accordance with guidance
provided by ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition . Revenue is recorded net of applicable taxes.   Our software license fees revenues are
primarily from sales of perpetual software licenses granting customers use of our software products. Software license fees are recognized when the following criteria are met: 1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, 2) the
software product has been delivered, 3) the fees are fixed or determinable, and 4) collectability is reasonably assured.    Our
SaaS subscriptions revenues are primarily from granting customers access to software products through our SaaS subscription offerings. SaaS subscription revenues are recognized over the contract term once the software is made available for use in an
environment hosted, supported, and maintained by Infor.    Our product updates and support services entitle our customers to receive, for an
agreed upon period, unspecified product upgrades (when and if available), release updates, regulatory updates and patches, as well as support services including access to technical information and technical support staff. The term of product updates
and support services is typically twelve months. The product updates and support fees are recorded as product updates and support fees revenue in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and recognized ratably over the term of the
agreement.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  We also provide software-related services, including systems implementation and integration
services, consulting, training, custom modification and application managed services. Consulting services are generally provided under time and materials contracts. Revenues are recognized as the services are provided and are recorded as
consulting services and other fees revenue in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Consulting services and other fees also include revenues related to education, hosting services and Inforum, our customer event.  
   Allowances for Doubtful Accounts, Cancellations and Billing Adjustments    
 We have established an allowance for estimated billing adjustments and an allowance for estimated amounts that will not be collected. We record
provisions for billing adjustments as a reduction of revenue and provisions for doubtful accounts as a component of general and administrative expense in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 The following is a rollforward of our allowance for doubtful accounts: 
   
     Sales Allowances   
 We do not generally provide a contractual right of return. However, in the course of arriving at practical business solutions to various claims
arising from the sale of our products and delivery of our solutions, we have allowed for sales allowances. We record a provision against revenue for estimated sales allowances on license and consulting revenues in the same period the related
revenues are recorded or when current information indicates additional allowances are required. The balance of our sales reserve is reflected in deferred revenue on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 The following is a rollforward of our sales reserve:      
     Foreign Currency   
 The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is typically the applicable local currency. The translation from the respective foreign
currencies to United States Dollars (U.S. Dollar) is performed for balance sheet accounts using current exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for income statement accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the applicable
period. Gains or losses resulting from such translation are included as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are
included in foreign currency gain or loss as a component of other (income) expense, net, in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Foreign currency gains or losses related to intercompany transactions considered to be
long-term investments are included in other comprehensive income (loss) as a net credit or charge.    Transaction gains and losses are
recognized in our results of operations based on the difference between the foreign exchange rates on the transaction date and on the reporting date. We recognized a net foreign exchange loss of $10.2 million and $10.8 million for the three months
ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In the first six months of fiscal 2017 and 2016, we recognized a net foreign currency exchange loss of $25.0 million and net foreign currency exchange gain of $26.1 million, respectively.  
 Certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses are generated from our intercompany balances that are not considered to be long-term in
nature and will be settled between subsidiaries. These intercompany balances are a result of normal transfer pricing transactions among our various operating subsidiaries, as well as certain loans initiated between subsidiaries. We also recognize
transaction gains and losses from revaluing our debt denominated in Euros and held by subsidiaries whose functional currency is the U.S. Dollar. See Note 11,  Debt .  
      11  

Table of Contents  

    Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements    
 Not applicable      Recent Accounting
Pronouncements   Not Yet Adopted     In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance on the principles for revenue recognition. This
guidance is a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The new rules establish
a core principle that requires the recognition of revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. This
guidance was to be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 (our fiscal 2018) and early adoption was not permitted. On April 1, 2015, the FASB proposed deferring the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017,
for annual reporting periods beginning after that date (our fiscal 2019). The FASB also proposed permitting early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. Initial adoption may be accounted for either
retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented, or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initial application recognized at the date of adoption. We are currently evaluating how this guidance will affect our revenue recognition,
which transition approach we will use upon adoption and the impact it may have on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued guidance simplifying the balance sheet presentation of deferred taxes. Under this guidance, deferred tax
assets and deferred tax liabilities are to be classified as non-current in a classified statement of financial position, amending the guidance requiring companies to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and non-current
amounts. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods (our second quarter of fiscal 2018), and early adoption is permitted. This guidance may be
applied either prospectively to all deferred tax assets and liabilities, or retrospectively to all periods presented. The adoption of this guidance will only impact presentation on our consolidated balance sheets and related disclosures and will not
have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We are currently evaluating the timing of adoption of this guidance and adoption method.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued a new leasing standard that will supersede current guidance related to accounting for leases. The guidance
is intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The standard will be effective for the first
interim period within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 (our fiscal 2020), with early adoption permitted. The standard is required to be adopted using the modified retrospective approach. We are currently evaluating how this
guidance will impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.    In August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related
to the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This guidance addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The guidance will
be effective for the first interim period within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (our fiscal 2019), with early adoption permitted. The standard is required to be adopted using a retrospective transition method approach. We are
currently evaluating how this guidance will impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.    In October 2016, the
FASB issued new guidance related to accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. This guidance amends current GAAP which prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for
an intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The update requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer for assets other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The
guidance will be effective for the first interim period within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 (our fiscal 2019), with early adoption permitted. The amendments are to be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a
cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the period of adoption. We are currently evaluating how this guidance will impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there were no other recent accounting standard updates that we have not yet adopted that
we believe would have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   3. Acquisitions  
   Fiscal 2017       Starmount   
 On August 2, 2016, we acquired Starmount, Inc. (Starmount) for $62.7 million, net of cash acquired and including contingent consideration of
$9.7 million recorded at the time of the purchase (the Starmount Acquisition). Included in the purchase price is $23.4 million of deferred consideration, which reflects the present value of a deferred payment of $25.0 million due on the first
anniversary of the closing date of the Starmount Acquisition. The total purchase price may also include up to an additional $10.3 million if certain future performance conditions are met. Based in Austin, Texas, Starmount is a modern store
systems provider serving large and mid-market retailers. Starmount is an innovative mobile-first company providing point-of-sale, mobile shopping assistant, and store inventory management products along with a data-rich commerce hub to engage
shoppers, streamline operations, and support consistent cross-channel customer interactions. The Starmount Acquisition will enable us to accelerate delivery of our Infor CloudSuite Retail suite of enterprise applications. The operating results
related to this acquisition have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements from the acquisition date.   We have
recorded approximately $15.1 million of identifiable intangible assets and $49.3 million of goodwill related to the Starmount Acquisition. The acquired intangible assets relating to Starmount s trade name, existing technology and customer
relationships are being amortized over their weighted average estimated useful lives of approximately one, seven and nine years, respectively. We have determined that the goodwill arising from the Starmount Acquisition will not be deductible for tax
purposes.     Predictix     On June 27,
2016, we acquired the remaining issued and outstanding capital stock in LogicBlox-Predictix Holdings, Inc., for approximately $125.6 million, net of cash acquired (the Predictix Acquisition). This is in addition to the 16.67% equity interest we
acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 for $25.0 million. See Note 1,  Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation, Cost Method Investments . Based in Atlanta, Georgia, Predictix is a provider of cloud-native, predictive, and
machine-learning solutions for retailers. Predictix uses next-generation data science and big data analytics to help solve some of the most complex and challenging problems faced by retailers today. The Predictix Acquisition complements and
further expands offerings under Infor CloudSuite Retail, our suite of enterprise applications delivered in the cloud and designed for today s retailing landscape. The merger consideration was partially funded through a new capital contribution
made to Infor s parent company by its current equity holders, investment funds affiliated with Golden Gate Capital and investment funds affiliated with Summit Partners. See Note 17,  Related Party Transactions- Equity Contributions . The
operating results related to this acquisition have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements from the acquisition date. 
 We have recorded approximately $37.0 million of identifiable intangible assets and $122.8 million of goodwill related to the Predictix
Acquisition. The acquired intangible assets relating to Predictix  existing technology and customer relationships are being amortized over their weighted average estimated useful lives of approximately five and twelve years, respectively. We
have determined that the goodwill arising from the Predictix Acquisition will not be deductible for tax purposes.     Merit   
 On May 11, 2016, we acquired Merit Globe AS (Merit) for $23.7 million, net of cash acquired and including contingent consideration of $7.5
million recorded at the time of the purchase (the Merit Acquisition). The total purchase price may also include up to an additional $4.5 million if certain future performance conditions are met. Based in Norway, Merit is a consulting firm
specializing in Infor M3 products and services with approximately 250 employees and more than 500 customers in 22 countries, with a concentration in Europe. The Merit Acquisition brings decades of experience of Infor M3 consulting services that
will expand and enhance Infor s professional services  capabilities, particularly in the large and growing European Infor M3 customer base. The operating results related to this acquisition have been included in our Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements from the acquisition date.   We have recorded approximately $9.0 million of identifiable intangible assets
and $15.5 million of goodwill related to the Merit Acquisition. The acquired intangible assets relating to Merit s trade name, existing technology and customer relationships are being amortized over their weighted average estimated useful lives
of approximately two, two and eight years, respectively. We have determined that the goodwill arising from the Merit Acquisition will not be deductible for tax purposes.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  Our estimates of fair value and resulting allocation of purchase price related to the
acquisitions of Starmount, Predictix and Merit are preliminary as of October 31, 2016. We are in the process of finalizing the valuation of certain assets and liabilities, primarily income tax liabilities, and as a result the final allocation of the
adjusted purchase prices may differ from the information presented in these unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. These acquisitions were not significant for financial reporting purposes, and their related results were not material
to our results for the three months ended October 31, 2016.      Fiscal 2016    
 On September 18, 2015, we acquired a majority ownership stake of 81.48% in GT Nexus, for $549.9 million, net of cash acquired (the GT Nexus
Acquisition). GT Nexus is a cloud-based supply chain management firm based in Oakland, California. GT Nexus is the cloud platform that some of the world s largest companies, across many sectors, including manufacturing and retail, use to
monitor and orchestrate their global supply chains including automation of sourcing, trade finance and logistics operations. The GT Nexus Acquisition complemented and further expanded our global SCM offerings. The results of operations of GT
Nexus have been included in our results of operations from the date of the GT Nexus Acquisition.    The total consideration for the GT Nexus
Acquisition was funded through the issuance of our 5.75% senior secured notes due 2020 (see Note 11,  Debt   Senior Secured Notes ), together with cash on hand and equity issued to certain shareholders and management of GT Nexus. The
acquired intangible assets relating to GT Nexus  existing technology, existing customer relationships and tradenames are being amortized over their weighted average estimated useful lives of approximately six years, twelve years and three
years, respectively. The excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which represented operating efficiencies expected to be realized. We determined that
the goodwill arising from the GT Nexus Acquisition would not be deductible for tax purposes.    The remaining 18.52% redeemable
noncontrolling interest in GT Nexus included two redemption features: call options exercisable by the Company and put options exercisable by the redeemable noncontrolling interest holders. Given that the noncontrolling interests were redeemable
at the option of the holders, they were reported in the mezzanine section between liabilities and equity on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The redeemable noncontrolling interests were puttable at a redemption price of $150.0 million
on the first anniversary of the acquisition date. Therefore, we were accreting the redeemable noncontrolling interests, using the effective interest method, from the acquisition date fair value to the redemption value over a one-year
period. Accretion adjustments to the carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests were considered deemed dividends and were recorded against additional paid-in capital.  
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, we exercised our call option pursuant to the Stock Rollover and Equity Purchase Agreement entered into
in relation to the GT Nexus Acquisition which allowed us to purchase the remaining 18.52% of GT Nexus from the holders of the redeemable noncontrolling interests in GT Nexus. We exercised the call option at a call price of $138.0 million. With our
purchase of this remaining interest, GT Nexus became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. See Note 1,  Nature of Business and basis of Presentation   Noncontrolling Interests , and Note 18,  Supplemental Guarantor Financial
Information .    Platform Settlement Services, LLC (PSS), a wholly-owned subsidiary of GT Nexus, is a bankruptcy-remote special purpose
entity. PSS was established for the purpose of facilitating the settlement of transactions between GT Nexus customers and their supply chain providers. PSS acts as a collection and paying agent, receiving funds from customers and
forwarding to appropriate credit parties. PSS is a custodian of the cash received from its customers and has no legal ownership rights to the funds held in such custodial accounts. Therefore, we do not report any cash in transit in the
bank accounts of PSS at period end, nor any cash movements during a reporting period, in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The balance of cash in transit in custodial accounts held by PSS was $34.3 million and $54.2 million at
October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively.      Contingent Consideration    
 The change in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration, during the contingency period through settlement, is recorded in our
results of operations in the period of such change and is included in acquisition-related and other costs in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The purchase consideration related to one of our pre-fiscal 2016 acquisitions included additional contingent cash consideration payable to the
sellers if certain performance conditions were met as detailed in the applicable agreement. As of October 31, 2016, we estimated the fair value of the remaining contingent consideration to be $1.7 million, which we anticipate will be paid in
the third quarter of fiscal 2017. 
      14  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, the purchase consideration related to the Merit Acquisition and the Starmount
Acquisition includes additional contingent cash consideration payable to the sellers if certain future performance conditions are met as detailed in the applicable purchase agreements. The potential undiscounted amount of future payments that
we may be required to make related to the contingent consideration is between $0.0 and $32.0 million. As of October 31, 2016, we have recorded a liability for the estimated fair value of these contingent consideration arrangements of approximately
$16.9 million.     4. Goodwill    The
change in the carrying amount of our goodwill by reportable segment for the period indicated was as follows:     
   Goodwill acquired during the first six months of fiscal 2017 totaled $189.9 million and primarily related to
the Starmount Acquisition, Predictix Acquisition, and the Merit Acquisition. See Note 3,  Acquisitions .    In accordance with the FASB
guidance related to goodwill and other intangible assets, we are required to assess the carrying amount of our goodwill for potential impairment annually or more frequently if events or a change in circumstances indicates that impairment may have
occurred. We conduct our annual impairment test in the second quarter of each fiscal year as of September 30. We believe that our reportable segments are also representative of our reporting units for purposes of our goodwill impairment testing.
   We conducted our most recent annual impairment assessment in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. We chose to perform a Step 1
goodwill impairment assessment as of September 30, 2016. This assessment did not indicate any potential impairment for any of our reporting units and no further testing was required. We believe there was no impairment of our goodwill and
no indication of potential impairment existed as of October 31, 2016. We have no accumulated impairment charges related to our goodwill.     5. Fair Value
      Fair Value Hierarchy     The
FASB has established guidance on financial assets and liabilities and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recognized at fair value on a recurring basis and guidance for nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recognized at fair value
on a nonrecurring basis. This guidance defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires the use of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs to measure fair value.    The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1    
   
 Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level 2    
   
 Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly including: quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and
liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.  

Level 3    
   
 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market data, are significant to the fair values of the assets or liabilities, and require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.  
 
  We measure certain of our financial assets and liabilities at fair value. The following table summarizes
the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis, by level within the fair value hierarchy, as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016:  
      15  

Table of Contents  

Cash equivalents include funds held in money market instruments, are reported at their current carrying value
which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments, and are included in cash and cash equivalents on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our money market instruments are valued using quoted market prices and are
included in Level 1 inputs.    Contingent consideration relates to certain of our acquisitions. The estimated fair value of the
contingent consideration was based primarily on our estimates of meeting the applicable contingency conditions as per the terms of the applicable agreements. These include estimates of various operating performance measures and our assessment of the
probability of meeting such results, with the probability-weighted earn-out then discounted to estimate fair value. The various operating performance measures included in these contingent consideration agreements relate to revenue growth rates, the
level of services, license and SaaS revenues, the ratio of EBITDA to total revenue, and the level of EBITDA. As these are unobservable inputs, the contingent consideration is included in Level 3 inputs. The contingent consideration liability is
included in accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 3,  Acquisitions .  
 Derivative instruments consist of interest rate swaps entered into to hedge our market risk relating to possible adverse changes in interest
rates. The fair value of the interest rate swaps is estimated as the net present value of projected cash flows based upon forward interest rates at the balance sheet date. The models used to value the interest rate swaps are based
primarily on readily observable market data, such as LIBOR forward rates, for all substantial terms of the interest rate swap contracts and the credit risk of the counterparties. As such, these derivative instruments are included in Level 2
inputs. See Note 15,  Derivative Financial Instruments .    We have had no transfers of assets/liabilities into or out of Levels 1, 2
or 3 during fiscal 2017 or fiscal 2016. The following table reconciles the change in our Level 3 assets/liabilities for the periods indicated:      
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

  In addition to the financial assets and liabilities included in the above table, certain
nonfinancial assets and liabilities are to be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with applicable GAAP. In general, nonfinancial assets including goodwill, other intangible assets and property and equipment are measured at
fair value when there is an indication of impairment and are recorded at fair value only when any impairment is recognized. As of October 31, 2016, we had not recorded any impairment related to such assets and had no other material nonfinancial
assets or liabilities requiring adjustments or write-downs to their current fair value.    As allowed by applicable FASB guidance, we have
elected not to apply the fair value option for financial assets and liabilities to any of our currently eligible financial assets or liabilities. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, our material financial assets and liabilities not
carried at fair value included our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses. These financial instruments are recorded at their carrying values which are deemed to approximate fair value, generally due to
their short periods to maturity.      Fair Value of Long-Term Debt   
 To estimate fair value of our long-term debt for disclosure purposes, we used recent market transactions and related market quotes of the bid
and ask pricing of our long-term debt (Level 2 on the fair value hierarchy). At October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the total carrying value of our long-term debt was approximately $5.6 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively, and the estimated fair
value of our long-term debt was approximately $5.8 billion and $5.6 billion, respectively.     6. Accounts Receivable, Net  
 Accounts receivable, net is comprised of the following for the periods indicated:  
   
   Unbilled accounts receivable represents revenue recognized on contracts for which billings have not yet been
presented to customers because the amounts were earned but not contractually billable as of the balance sheet date.     7. Intangible Assets, Net  
 Our intangible assets, net consist of the following for the periods indicated: 

(1) 
 Net intangible assets decreased from April 30, 2016 to October 31, 2016 by approximately $12.9 million due to cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments, reflecting movement in the currencies of the applicable
underlying entities.    
      17  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents amortization expense recognized in our Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations, by asset type, for the periods indicated:      
   The estimated future annual amortization expense related to these intangible assets as of October 31, 2016,
was as follows:      
    8. Accrued Expenses  
 Accrued expenses consisted of the following for the periods indicated:  
   
   Included above in other accrued expenses as of April 30, 2016, was approximately $17.5 million pertaining to
dividends accrued related to our funding of interest on our affiliate company s debt. These dividends were settled in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. See Note 17,  Related Party Transactions   Dividends Paid to
Affiliates .  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   9. Equity-Based Compensation  
 We account for equity-based payments, including grants of employee stock options, restricted stock and other equity-based awards, in accordance
with ASC 718,  Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires that equity-based payments (to the extent they are compensatory) be recognized in our results of operations based on their fair values and the estimated number of securities
we ultimately expect will vest. We utilize the Option-Pricing Method to estimate the fair value of our equity awards. All equity-based payments are based upon equity issued by Infor Enterprise. Pursuant to applicable FASB guidance related to
equity-based awards, we have reflected equity-based compensation expense related to our parent company s equity grants within our results of operations with an offset to additional paid-in capital.  
 The following table presents the equity-based compensation expense recognized in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, by
category, for the periods indicated:      
    10. Restructuring Charges  
 We have recorded restructuring charges related to our acquisitions and on occasion to eliminate redundancies, improve our operational
efficiency and reduce our operating costs. These cost reduction measures included workforce reductions relating to restructuring our workforce, the exiting of certain leased facilities and the consolidation of space in certain other facilities. In
accordance with applicable FASB guidance, our restructuring charges are broken down into acquisition-related and other restructuring costs. These restructuring charges include employee severance costs and costs related to the reduction of office
space. No business activities of the companies that we have acquired were discontinued. The workforce reductions were typically from all functional areas of our operations.  
   Fiscal 2017 Restructuring Charges    
 During the first six months of fiscal 2017, we incurred restructuring costs of $30.5 million related to employee severance costs primarily for
personnel actions taken in our EMEA region affecting all functional areas, and for facility charges related to exiting or consolidation of space in facilities in the Americas region. During the first six months of fiscal 2017, we made cash
payments of approximately $5.2 million related to these actions. We expect to carry out the majority of these personnel actions during the remainder of fiscal 2017.  
   Fiscal 2017 Acquisition-Related Charges    
 During the first six months of fiscal 2017, we incurred restructuring costs of $0.7 million in employee severance costs related to the
operations of our current year acquisitions. During the first six months of fiscal 2017, we made cash payments of $0.2 million related to these actions. We expect to carry out the majority of these personnel actions during the remainder of
fiscal 2017.      Fiscal 2016 Restructuring Charges    
 During fiscal 2016, we incurred restructuring costs for employee severance costs related to personnel actions across all functions primarily in
the Americas and EMEA regions, and for facility charges related to exiting or consolidation of space in facilities primarily in the Americas region. During the first six months of fiscal 2017, we recorded restructuring cost reversals of $1.7 million
and we made cash payments of approximately $6.5 million related to these actions. We expect to carry out these actions during the remainder of fiscal 2017.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

    Fiscal 2016 Acquisition-Related Charges    
 During fiscal 2016, we incurred acquisition-related restructuring costs primarily related to the operations of GT Nexus that we acquired in the
second quarter of fiscal 2016. These restructuring charges included employee severance costs related to redundant positions and facility charges related to exiting or consolidation of space. During the first six months of fiscal 2017, we
recorded adjustments to these restructuring costs of $0.4 million and we made cash payments of $1.4 million related to these actions. We expect to carry out these actions during the remainder of fiscal 2017.  
   Previous Restructuring and Acquisition-Related Charges    
 Prior to fiscal 2016, we had completed certain restructuring activities as well as a series of acquisition-related restructuring actions.
During the first six months of fiscal 2017, we recorded restructuring cost reversals of $0.2 million and we made net cash payments of $0.4 million. The remaining accruals associated with these prior restructuring charges relate primarily to lease
obligations associated with the closure of redundant offices acquired in prior business combinations, as well as contractual payment obligations of severed employees. Actions related to these restructuring activities have been completed.  
 The following table sets forth the reserve activity related to our restructuring plans for the six month period ended October 31,
2016. The adjustments to costs in the tables below consist of adjustments to the accrual that were accounted for as an adjustment to current period earnings (Expense), adjustments to the accrual that were reclasses between balance sheet
accounts (Other), or adjustments to the accrual that were related to the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates (Foreign Currency Effect):      
   The remaining restructuring reserve accruals related to severance and current facilities costs are included in
accrued expenses with the long-term facilities cost reserve included in other long-term liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the restructuring charges reflected in our results of operations
for the periods indicated for each of our reportable segments including charges related to those functions not allocated to our segments.      
    11. Debt  
 The following table summarizes our long-term debt balances for the periods indicated:  

(1) 
 Debt balances net of applicable unamortized debt discounts, premiums and deferred financing fees.    
 The weighted average contractual interest rate at October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016 was 4.86% and 4.85%, respectively. The effective
interest rate of each of our debt obligations is not materially different from the contractual interest rate.    The following table
summarizes our future repayment obligations related to the principal debt balances for all of our borrowings as of October 31, 2016:      
 
      21  

Table of Contents  

    Credit Facilities    
 On April 5, 2012, we entered into a secured credit agreement with Infor (US), Inc. as borrower and a syndicate of certain banks and other
financial institutions as lenders which consists of a secured revolving credit facility and a secured term loan facility (the Credit Agreement), which was subsequently amended. See Note 12,  Debt , in notes to the consolidated financial
statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a description of each amendment (First Amendment through Sixth Amendment; Seventh Amendment described below).  
 The credit facilities are guaranteed by Infor, Inc. and certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (the Guarantors), and are secured by
liens on substantially all of the borrower s assets and the assets of the Guarantors. Under the Credit Agreement, we are subject to a financial maintenance covenant that is applicable only for the revolving credit facility and then only for
those fiscal quarters in which we have significant borrowings under the revolving credit facility outstanding as of the last day of such fiscal quarter. This covenant would require us to maintain a total leverage ratio not to exceed certain levels
as of the last day of any such fiscal quarter. We are subject to certain other customary affirmative and negative covenants as well.    Revolver   
 The secured revolving credit facility (the Revolver) has a maximum availability of $120.0 million. We have made no draws against the
Revolver and no amounts are currently outstanding. However, $11.5 million of letters of credit have reduced the amount available under the Revolver to $108.5 million as of October 31, 2016. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, there is an undrawn line
fee of 0.50% and the Revolver matures on April 5, 2019. Amounts under the Revolver may be borrowed to finance working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. While we have made no draws against the Revolver, interest on any future Revolver
borrowings will be based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to either, at our option, an Adjusted LIBOR rate, plus a margin of 2.75% per annum, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin of 1.75% per annum.  
 On August 15, 2016, we entered into the Seventh Amendment (the Amendment) to the Credit Agreement. The Amendment provided for, among other
modifications to the Credit Agreement as set forth therein, a two-year extension of the maturity date for the Revolver under the Credit Agreement to April 5, 2019, as well as a reduction in the aggregate size of the Revolver from $150.0 million to
$120.0 million, with commensurate reductions in related sublimits.    Term Loans   
 On January 2, 2014, we entered into a $2,550.0 million term loan (the Tranche B-5 Term Loan). Interest on the Tranche B-5 Term Loan is
based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to either, at our option, an Adjusted LIBOR rate, plus a margin of 2.75% per annum, with a LIBOR floor of 1.0%, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin of 1.75% per annum,
with a minimum alternative base rate floor of 2.0%. The Tranche B-5 Term Loan matures on June 3, 2020.   On June 3, 2013, we entered
into a $483.0 million term loan (the Tranche B-3 Term Loan). Interest on the Tranche B-3 Term Loan is based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to either, at our option, an Adjusted LIBOR rate, plus a margin of
2.75% per annum, with an Adjusted LIBOR floor of 1.0%, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin of 1.75% per annum, with a minimum alternative base rate floor of 2.0%. The Tranche B-3 Term Loan matures on June 3, 2020.  
 On June 3, 2013, we entered into a  350.0 million term loan (the Euro Tranche B Term Loan). Interest on the Euro Tranche B
Term Loan is based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to an Adjusted LIBOR rate, plus a margin of 3.0% per annum, with an Adjusted LIBOR floor of 1.0%. The Euro Tranche B Term Loan matures on June 3, 2020.  
 Interest on the term loans borrowed under the secured term loan facility (the Term Loans) is payable quarterly, in arrears. Quarterly
principal payment amounts are set for each of the Term Loans with balloon payments at the applicable maturity dates. The Term Loans are subject to mandatory prepayments in certain situations.  
   Senior Notes     Our 6.500% and 5.750%
Senior Notes (the Senior Notes) bear interest at the applicable rates per annum, which is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears, on May 15 and November 15 each year. The Senior Notes mature on May 15, 2022. The Senior Notes are
general unsecured obligations of Infor (US), Inc. and are guaranteed by Infor, Inc. and certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. Under the indenture governing the Senior Notes, we are subject to certain customary affirmative and negative
covenants.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

    First Lien Senior Secured Notes    
 On August 25, 2015, in connection with the GT Nexus Acquisition, we issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.750% first lien
senior secured notes (the Senior Secured Notes) at an issue price of 99.000%. The Senior Secured Notes mature on August 15, 2020, and bear interest at the applicable rate per annum that is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears, on
February 15 and August 15 each year, beginning on February 15, 2016.    The Senior Secured Notes are first lien senior
secured obligations of Infor (US), Inc. and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Infor, Inc., and certain of our existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. Under the indenture governing the Senior
Secured Notes, we are subject to certain customary affirmative and negative covenants.    On October 12, 2016, we entered into supplemental
indentures to the indentures governing the Senior Notes and the Senior Secured Notes to add Starmount, Inc. as a guarantor of each of such notes.  
   Unrestricted Subsidiary      We have
designated Infor Retail Holdings, Inc. (Infor Retail Holdings), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infor (US), Inc., as an  Unrestricted Subsidiary  as defined under the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our Senior
Notes and Senior Secured Notes. The financial position and results of operations of Infor Retail Holdings are included in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. As required by the Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our Senior
Notes and Senior Secured Notes, we are to present information sufficient to ascertain our financial condition and results of operations excluding our Unrestricted Subsidiaries.  
 Infor Retail Holdings includes the financial position and results of operations of Predictix, which we acquired in the first quarter of fiscal
2017. See Note 3,  Acquisitions . As of April 30, 2016, prior to the Predictix Acquisition, the financial position of Infor Retail Holdings only reflected our $25.0 million investment in Predictix, acquired in the third quarter of fiscal
2016, with an offsetting credit in equity. See Note 1,  Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation   Cost Method Investments . This investment was included in other assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30,
2016. On June 27, 2016, we acquired the remaining issued and outstanding capital stock of Predictix.    Infor Retail Holdings 
financial position as of October 31, 2016 and its results of operations for the first six months of fiscal 2017 were not significant to our consolidated financial position and results of operations as of and for the period ended October 31,
2016. Infor Retail Holdings held assets totaling $151.2 million, primarily intangible assets and goodwill, and liabilities of $5.9 million as of October 31, 2016. For the six months ended October 31, 2016, Infor Retail Holdings recorded
revenues of $5.4 million and a loss from operations of $6.6 million.      Deferred Financing Fees, Debt Discounts and Premiums    
 As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, deferred financing fees, net of amortization, related to our Term Loans, Senior Notes, and Secured
Senior Notes of $90.1 million and $100.2 million, respectively, were reflected on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as a direct reduction in the carrying amount of our long-term debt. In addition, we had deferred financing fees, net of
amortization, related to the Revolver of $1.5 million and $1.2 million as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively, which were reflected on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets in other assets. During the second quarter of fiscal
2017, in conjunction with the Seventh Amendment to our Credit Agreement, we capitalized an additional $0.8 million of deferred financing fees related to the Revolver. The new and existing deferred finance fees related to the Revolver are being
amortized over approximately two and a half years through the extended maturity date of April 5, 2019. For the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, we amortized $5.2 million and $5.0 million, respectively, in deferred financing fees
which are included in interest expense, net in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the first six months of fiscal 2017 and 2016, we amortized $10.6 million and $9.5 million, respectively, in deferred financing fees.  
 In addition, we have recorded debt discounts, net of premiums and accumulated amortization, of $13.9 million and $16.3 million as of October
31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively, as a direct reduction of the carrying amount of our long-term debt.      Affiliate Company Borrowings
     In addition to the debt held by Infor and its subsidiaries discussed above, certain affiliates of the Company have other
borrowings which are not reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for any of the periods presented. These affiliate company borrowings are described below. 
      23  

Table of Contents  

   Holding Company PIK Notes   
 On April 8, 2014, Infor Software Parent, LLC (HoldCo), an indirect holding company of Infor, Inc., and its direct subsidiary Infor Software
Parent, Inc., issued $750.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.125%/7.875% Senior Contingent Cash Pay Notes (the HoldCo Notes) with net proceeds, after expenses, of approximately $737.8 million. The HoldCo Notes mature on May 1, 2021, and
bear interest at the applicable rates per annum that is payable semi-annually in arrears, on May 1 and November 1 each year.  
 Interest is payable entirely in cash, unless certain conditions are satisfied, in which case interest on the HoldCo Notes may be paid by
increasing the principal amount of the HoldCo Notes or by issuing new notes (PIK interest), or through a combination of cash and PIK interest. Interest on the notes, if paid in cash, accrues at a rate of 7.125% per annum. PIK interest on the
HoldCo Notes accrues at a rate of 7.875% per annum. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the total balance outstanding related to the HoldCo Notes was $750.0 million. We may from time-to-time service interest payments related to the HoldCo
Notes. Any payment of interest that we may pay will be funded primarily through dividend distributions from Infor to HoldCo. See Note 17,  Related Party Transactions   Dividends Paid to Affiliates .  
 The HoldCo Notes are HoldCo s general unsecured senior obligations and are not guaranteed by any of HoldCo s subsidiaries including
Infor. The HoldCo Notes rank equally in right of payment with any future unsecured indebtedness of HoldCo, will be effectively subordinated to any future secured indebtedness of HoldCo to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such
indebtedness, and will be structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of HoldCo s subsidiaries, including Infor s borrowings under its senior secured credit facilities and the Senior
Notes.     12. Income Taxes    Income taxes
have been provided in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes . The effective tax rate for the periods presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rates. Our
effective tax rate may fluctuate as a result of changes in the forecasted annual income level and geographical mix of our operating earnings as well as a result of acquisitions, changes in liabilities recorded for unrecognized tax benefits, changes
in the valuation allowances for deferred tax assets, tax settlements with U.S. and foreign tax authorities, and the impact from changes in enacted tax laws. 
 Our income tax provision and overall effective tax rates were as follows for the periods indicated: 

(1) 
 Due to our reduced level of pre-tax book income this period, our tax rate is not meaningful.    
 Our provision for income taxes differs from the tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to certain earnings considered
as indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations, states taxes, and foreign earnings taxed at lower income tax rates than in the U.S.    The
change in our effective tax rate for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016 was primarily driven by a decrease in taxes from the creation of U.S. tax credits, a reduction in foreign income subject to U.S. tax
(Subpart F income), a reduction in the valuation allowances for various foreign deferred tax assets, and an increase in the liabilities recorded for unrecognized tax benefits.  
 The change in our effective tax rate for the first six months of fiscal 2017 compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2016 was primarily
driven by an increase in the liabilities recorded for unrecognized tax benefits, a reduction in foreign income subject to U.S. tax (Subpart F income), a decrease in taxes from the creation of U.S. tax credits, and a reduction in the valuation
allowances for various foreign deferred tax assets.    During the upcoming twelve months ending October 31, 2017, we expect a net reduction
of approximately $21.0 million of unrecognized tax benefits, primarily due to the expiration of statutes of limitation in various jurisdictions.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  Our net deferred tax assets were $107.7 million and $119.2 million as of October 31, 2016 and
April 30, 2016, respectively. We believe it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized in the foreseeable future. Realization of our net deferred tax assets is dependent upon our generation of sufficient taxable
income in future years in appropriate jurisdictions to obtain benefit from the reversal of temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable is
subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income change.     13. Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 Comprehensive income (loss) is the change in equity of a business enterprise from non-stockholder transactions impacting stockholders 
deficit that are not included in the statement of operations and are reported as a separate component of stockholders  deficit. Other comprehensive income (loss) includes the change in foreign currency translation adjustments, changes in
defined benefit plan obligations, and unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments.    We report accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) as a separate line item in the stockholders  deficit section of our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We report the components of comprehensive income (loss) on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss).
   Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and its components were as follows for the periods indicated:  

The components of other comprehensive income (loss), including amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), were
as follows for the periods indicated:      
 
      25  

Table of Contents  

14. Commitments and Contingencies  
   Leases     We have entered into
cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases, primarily related to rental of office space, certain office equipment and automobiles. Total rent expense for operating leases was $14.4 million and $13.1 million for the three-month periods ended
October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the first six months of fiscal 2017 and 2016, total rent expense for operating leases was $28.9 million and $26.2 million, respectively.  
 We have also entered into certain capital lease commitments for buildings, computers and operating equipment and automobiles. Aggregate
property acquired through capital leases and the associated depreciation of these assets is included in property and equipment, net on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The current portion of capital lease obligations is included in accrued
expenses, and the long-term portion of capital lease obligations is included in other long-term liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our total capital lease obligations were $8.3 million and $5.8 million as of October 31,
2016, and  April 30, 2016, respectively.      Litigation    
 From time to time, we are subject to litigation in the normal course of business. We accrue for litigation exposure when a loss is probable and
estimable. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, we have accrued $2.3 million and $1.9 million, respectively, related to current litigation matters. We expense all legal costs to resolve regulatory, legal, tax or other matters in the period
incurred.      Guarantees      We
typically grant our customers a warranty that guarantees that our product will substantially conform to Infor s current specifications for 90 days from the delivery date. We also indemnify our customers from third-party claims of
intellectual property infringement relating to the use of our products. Infor s standard software license agreements contain liability clauses that are limited in amount. We account for these clauses under ASC 460,  Guarantees . We do not
have a history of incurring costs to settle claims or paying awards under these indemnification obligations. Accordingly, we have not recorded any liabilities related to these agreements as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

   15. Derivative Financial Instruments   
 We have entered into certain interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $945.0 million to limit our exposure to floating interest rate
risk related to a significant portion of the outstanding balance of our Term Loans. See Note 11,  Debt . We entered into these interest rate swaps to mitigate our exposure to the variability of the three-month LIBOR for our floating rate debt.
We designated these instruments as cash flow hedges upon initiation, they have been highly effective since their inception, and we anticipate that they will be highly effective on an on-going basis. These interest rate swaps had an effective date of
March 31, 2015, with a 30-month term expiring September 29, 2017, and have a 1.25% floor.   The following table presents the fair values of
the derivative financial instruments included on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at the dates indicated:      
   The following table presents the before-tax impact of the derivative financial instruments on our other
comprehensive income (OCI), accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), and our statement of operations for the periods indicated:      
   We have no other derivative instruments designated as accounting hedges and no derivatives that are not
designated as hedging instruments. The amounts reflected in the above tables do not include any adjustments to reflect the impact of deferred income taxes. For all periods presented, there were no gains or losses recognized in income related to
hedge ineffectiveness.    As of October 31, 2016, approximately $10.3 million of the amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss) related to our derivative instruments is expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. This estimate is based on the effective date of our interest rate swaps and the timing of the occurrence of the hedged
forecasted transactions. The maximum term over which we are hedging our exposure to the variability of future cash flows (for all forecasted transactions) is approximately 11 months.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

   16. Segment and Geographic Information  
 We are a global provider of enterprise business applications software and services focused primarily on medium and large enterprises. We
provide industry-specific and other enterprise software products and related services to companies in the manufacturing, distribution, healthcare, public sector, automotive, service industries, ESM R, consumer products   retail and
hospitality industries. We serve customers in the Americas, EMEA and APAC geographic regions.      Segment Information    
 We view our operations and manage our business as three reportable segments:  License ,  Maintenance  and  Consulting . See Note
1,  Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation   Business Segments . It is around these three key sets of business activities that we have organized our business and established budgets, forecasts and strategic objectives, including
go-to-market strategies. Within our organization, multiple sets of information are available reflecting various views of our operations including vertical, geographic, product and/or functional information. However, the financial information
provided to and used by our chief operating decision-maker (CODM) to assist in making operational decisions, allocating resources and assessing performance reflects revenues, cost of revenues and sales margin for these three segments.  
   License     Our License segment develops, markets and distributes enterprise software including the following types of
software: enterprise HCM, financial management, business intelligence, asset management, enterprise performance management, supply chain management, service management, manufacturing operations, business project management and property management
for hospitality companies. License revenues include license fees resulting from products licensed to our customers on a perpetual basis and subscription revenues related to granting customers access to software products through our SaaS subscription
offerings. Product license fees result from a customer s licensing of a given software product for the first time or with a customer s licensing of additional users for previously licensed products.  
   Maintenance      Our Maintenance segment provides software updates and product support including when-and-if-available
upgrades, release updates, regulatory updates and patches, access to our knowledge base and technical support team, technical advice and application management. Generally, these services are provided under annual contracts. Infor s maintenance
agreements are comprehensive customer support programs which entitle customers to various levels of support to meet their specific needs. Infor s maintenance and customer support offerings are delivered through our global support organization
operating from our support centers around the world. Maintenance revenues include product updates and support fees revenues which represent the ratable recognition of fees to enroll and renew licensed products in our maintenance programs. These fees
are typically charged annually and are based on the license fees initially paid by the customer. These revenues can fluctuate based on the number and timing of new license contracts, renewal rates and price increases.  
   Consulting     Our Consulting segment provides software implementation, customization, integration, training and other
consulting services related to Infor s software products. Services in this segment are generally provided under time and materials contracts, and in certain situations, under fixed-fee or maximum-fee contracts. Infor s consulting offerings
range from initial assessment and planning of a project to the actual implementation and post-implementation of a project, including optimizing a customer s use of our software, as well as training and learning tools designed to help customers
become proficient in using Infor s software quickly and effectively. Consulting services and other revenue include consulting services and other fees revenues from services provided to customers who have licensed Infor s products.  
 The measure we use to assess our reportable segments  operating performance is sales margin. Reportable segment sales margin includes
segment revenues net of direct controllable costs. Segment revenues include adjustments to increase revenues that would have been recognized if we had not adjusted certain deferred revenue balances related to acquisitions to their fair values at the
time of the acquisition as required by GAAP. Segment costs represent those costs of resources dedicated to each segment, direct sales costs, and allocation of certain operating expenses. Segment costs exclude any allocation of depreciation and
amortization related to our acquired intangible assets or restructuring costs.    We do not have any intercompany revenue recorded between
reportable segments. The accounting policies for our reportable segments are the same as those used in our consolidated financial statements. We do not assess or report assets or capital expenditures by reportable segment. For disclosure of goodwill
by reportable segment see Note 4,  Goodwill.   
      28  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents financial information for our reportable segments for the periods
indicated:      

29  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents a reconciliation of our reportable segment revenues, net of the
reversal of purchase accounting revenue adjustments, and our reportable segment sales margin to total consolidated revenues and consolidated income (loss) before income tax for the periods indicated:  

(1) 
 Adjustments to decrease reportable segment revenue for revenue that we would have recognized had we not adjusted acquired deferred revenue as required by GAAP.    

(2) 
 Other unallocated costs and operating expenses include certain sales and marketing expenses, research and development, general and administrative, acquisition-related and other costs, equity-based compensation, as well
as adjustments for deferred costs recognized related to acquired deferred revenue.        Geographic Information    
 The following table presents our revenues summarized by geographic region, based on the location at which each sale originates, for the periods
indicated:     
 
      30  

Table of Contents  

The following table presents our long-lived tangible assets, consisting of property and equipment net of
accumulated depreciation, summarized by geographic region:     
   The following table sets forth our revenues by country for the periods indicated: 
   
   Revenues attributable to the United States, our country of domicile, and foreign countries are based on the
country in which the sales originate.   The following table sets forth long-lived tangible assets by country at the dates indicated: 
   
   Only those countries in which revenues or long-lived assets exceed 10% of our consolidated revenues or
long-lived assets are reflected in the above tables. In those fiscal periods when a country s revenues or long-lived tangible assets are less than 10% of the consolidated totals, applicable amounts are included in  all other
countries.   
      31  

Table of Contents  

   17. Related Party Transactions  
   Sponsor Transactions      Golden Gate
Capital and Summit Partners, L.P. (Summit Partners, and together with Golden Gate Capital, the Sponsors) are our largest investors. We have entered into advisory agreements with our Sponsors pursuant to which we have retained them to provide
advisory services relating to financing and strategic business planning, acquisitions and investments, analysis and oversight, executive recruiting and certain other services. We recognize these management fees as a component of general and
administrative expenses in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations.    The following table sets forth management fees and
expenses rendered under the advisory agreements in connection with acquisitions, debt refinancing and other advisory services for the periods indicated:     
   At October 31, 2016, approximately $3.7 million of these fees primarily related to Golden Gate Capital
remained unpaid.   In the normal course of business, we may sell products and services to companies owned by our Sponsors. Sales to
companies owned by Golden Gate Capital and Summit Partners are recognized according to our revenue recognition policy as described in Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . Sales to Golden Gate Capital-owned companies were
approximately $0.5 million and $1.0 million in the three and six months ended October 31, 2016, respectively, and $0.4 million and $0.6 million in the comparable periods of fiscal 2016. We had sales of less than $0.1 million to companies owned
by Summit Partners in the first six months of fiscal 2017 and no sales in the corresponding prior period of fiscal 2016.   In addition, we
have made payments to companies owned by Golden Gate Capital for products and services of $3.7 million and $7.6 million in the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2017, respectively, and $0.1 million and $0.2 million in the comparable
periods of fiscal 2016. We have made payments to companies owned by Summit Partners for products and services of $0.2 million in the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2017, and $0.2 million in the second quarter and first six months
of fiscal 2016.   In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, we entered into a SaaS subscription agreement with Golden Gate Capital (the SaaS
Agreement) under which Golden Gate Capital agreed to a three-year subscription to our CloudSuite Financials and Procurement software including related implementation services, both at our customary rates. The SaaS Agreement and related services
total approximately $0.9 million, including SaaS subscription revenue of $0.2 million per year which will be recognized ratably over each of the three years under the agreement, and $0.3 million in consulting services which are to be recognized as
the services are provided.   In connection with the issuance of our Senior Secured Notes in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we
capitalized as deferred financing fees $2.5 million in fees paid to Angel Island Capital Services, LLC, an affiliate of Golden Gate Capital and we expensed buyer transaction fees of approximately $4.8 million payable to Golden Gate Capital and $1.9
million payable to Summit Partners in connection with the GT Nexus Acquisition. These transaction fees were included in acquisition-related and other costs in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for fiscal 2016. The deferred
financing fees were included in other long-term liabilities on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2016. In addition, in connection with the Predictix Acquisition we expensed buyer transaction fees of approximately $1.1
million payable to Golden Gate Capital and $0.4 million payable to Summit Partners in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The buyer transaction fees related to the GT Nexus Acquisition and the Predictix Acquisition were paid to Golden Gate
Capital and Summit in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. 
      32  

Table of Contents  

    Equity Contributions    
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we completed the Predictix Acquisition. See Note 3,  Acquisitions   Predictix . In
conjunction with the Predictix Acquisition, our Sponsors made new capital contribution to Infor Enterprise, an affiliate of the parent company of Infor, of $133.0 million, of which $77.0 million was contributed as equity to Infor,
Inc. Investment funds affiliated with Golden Gate Capital and investment funds affiliated with Summit Partners contributed approximately $95.2 million and $37.8 million, respectively. The proceeds from the new equity contribution were used to
fund the Predictix Acquisition purchase consideration.      Dividends Paid to Affiliates    
 In the first six months of fiscal 2017, we paid dividends to HoldCo totaling $111.5 million including the following:  
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we paid dividends to HoldCo totaling $94.0 million. The dividend relates to the funding of HoldCo s
quarterly interest on the HoldCo Notes due November 1, 2016 as well as funding of future interest payments related to the HoldCo Notes and future amounts due under our Tax Allocation Agreement. HoldCo then contributed equity of $67.0 million to
Infor, Inc.    In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we also paid dividends to HoldCo totaling $17.5 million related to the funding of
quarterly interest on our affiliate s debt. In April 2016, HoldCo elected to pay quarterly interest due related to the HoldCo Notes of approximately $26.7 million in cash (i) with $0.1 million cash on-hand, (ii) with amounts we funded
through dividend distributions from Infor to HoldCo of $17.5 million, which were accrued as of April 30, 2016, and (iii) through certain payments made under the Tax Allocation Agreement, totaling $9.1 million. The dividends and amounts due under the
Tax Allocation Agreement were paid on May 2, 2016.    In the first six months of fiscal 2016, we paid dividends to HoldCo totaling $17.0
million related to the funding of quarterly interest on our affiliate s debt. In April 2015, HoldCo elected to pay quarterly interest due related to the HoldCo Notes of approximately $26.7 million in cash (i) with $1.2 million cash on-hand,
(ii) with amounts we funded through dividend distributions from Infor to HoldCo of $17.0 million, which were accrued as of April 30, 2015, and (iii) through certain payments made under the Tax Allocation Agreement, totaling $8.5 million. The
dividends and amounts due under the Tax Allocation Agreement were paid on May 1, 2015.   In future periods, we may from time-to-time service
additional interest payments related to the HoldCo Notes through further dividend distributions.      Due to/from Affiliates    
 Infor, through certain of our subsidiaries, had net receivables from our affiliates, primarily HoldCo, of $36.9 million as of October 31, 2016
and April 30, 2016. These receivables arose primarily due to our payment of deferred financing fees and interest related to certain acquired debt of HoldCo and are included in receivable from stockholders in the equity section on our Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets.    We have entered into a Tax Allocation Agreement with GGC Software Parent, Inc., and HoldCo (the Tax
Allocation Agreement). Infor is included in the GGC Software Parent, Inc. consolidated federal income tax return and the Tax Allocation Agreement sets forth the obligation of Infor and our domestic subsidiaries with regard to preparing and filing
tax returns and allocating tax payments under the consolidated reporting rules of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state and local tax laws governing combined or consolidated filings. The Tax Allocation Agreement provides that each domestic
subsidiary that is a member of the consolidated, unitary or combined tax group will pay its share of the taxes of the group.   Payments made
under the Tax Allocation Agreement have been recorded against affiliate payable, which is included in accounts payable on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. In the first six months of fiscal 2017 and 2016, we made payments of $9.1 million
and $8.5 million, respectively, under the Tax Allocation Agreement, which were recorded against affiliate payable. We had $10.7 million and $9.1 million payable under the Tax Allocation Agreement as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016,
respectively.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   18. Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information   
 The Senior Notes and Senior Secured Notes issued by Infor (US), Inc. are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, except for certain customary
automatic release provisions, jointly and severally, by Infor, Inc., its parent company, and substantially all of its existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (collectively the Guarantor Subsidiaries). See Note 11,  Debt . Its
other subsidiaries (collectively, the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries) are not guarantors of our borrowings. The indentures governing the Senior Notes and Senior Secured Notes limit, among other things, the ability of Infor, Inc. and the Guarantor
Subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness; declare or pay dividends; redeem stock or make other distributions to stockholders; make investments; create liens or use assets as security in other transactions; merge or consolidate, or sell,
transfer, lease or dispose of substantially all of our assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; and sell or transfer certain assets.  
 The following tables set forth requisite financial information of Infor, Inc., Infor (US), Inc., the Guarantor Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor
Subsidiaries including our Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, our Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations, our Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for our fiscal
quarters and six-month periods ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, and our Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015. 
 The Infor (US), Inc. (Subsidiary Issuer) column excludes Infor (US), Inc. s Unrestricted Subsidiary, Infor Retail Holdings, which is
included in the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries column. See Note 11,  Debt   Unrestricted Subsidiary .    In the second quarter of
fiscal 2017, we purchased the remaining 18.52% of GT Nexus from the holders of the redeemable noncontrolling interests and GT Nexus became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. See Note 3,  Acquisitions   Fiscal 2016 . As a result, we
have included the wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of GT Nexus in the Guarantor Subsidiaries column retrospectively for all periods presented.  
   Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets        
 
      34  

Table of Contents  

35  

Table of Contents  

36  

Table of Contents  

    Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations    

37  

Table of Contents  

38  

Table of Contents  

39  

Table of Contents  

40  

Table of Contents  

    Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)    

41  

Table of Contents  

Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows   

42  

Table of Contents  

19. Subsequent Event   
   Capital Investment      On November 16,
2016, we announced that we had reached a definitive agreement in which Koch Equity Development LLC (KED), the investment and acquisition subsidiary of Koch Industries, Inc., agreed to purchase more than $2.0 billion of preferred and common equity of
certain affiliates of the Company.   This transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals, and is expected
to close in early 2017. Our existing shareholders, including Golden Gate Capital, Summit Partners and management, will maintain control of the Company. KED will have the right to appoint four of the nine directors on the board of Infor s
parent company.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and result of operations for the fiscal period ended October 31, 2016,
should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements of Infor, Inc. for our fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and related notes thereto.  
 Any reference to  Infor, we, our, us  or  the Company  refers to Infor, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.  
  Management Overview       General    
 Infor is one of the largest providers of enterprise software and services in the world. We provide industry-specific and other enterprise
software products and related services, primarily to large and medium-sized enterprises in many industries, including manufacturing, distribution, healthcare, public sector, automotive, service industries, equipment services, management and rental
(ESM R), consumer products and retail and hospitality industries. Our software and services offerings are often  mission critical  for many of our customers as they help automate and integrate critical business processes, which
enable our customers to better manage their suppliers, partners, customers and employees, as well as their business operations generally. Our industry-specific approach distinguishes us from larger competing enterprise software vendors, whose
primary focus is on software programs that are less specialized and more difficult to run in the cloud, and take more time and cost to tailor to customers  specific needs during periods of implementation and upgrade. We believe our products and
services provide a lower relative total cost of ownership for customers than the offerings of larger competing vendors.    We specialize in
and target specific industries, or verticals, and have industry-specific business units that leverage our industry-oriented products and teams. Augmenting our vertical-specific applications, we have horizontal software applications, including our
customer relationship management (CRM), enterprise asset management (EAM), financial applications, human capital management (HCM), and supply chain management (SCM) suites which, in addition to our proprietary light-weight middleware solution ION,
are integrated with our enterprise software applications and sold across different verticals. By delivering deep industry functionality coupled with lightweight integration, our customers can take advantage of these mission-critical applications and
suites in the cloud, running on Amazon Web Services, a hosting services industry leader. Additionally, Infor offers the GT Nexus, Inc. (GT Nexus) supply chain network platform to connect companies with their suppliers, distributors, and 3PLs in
a commerce cloud. We also provide ongoing support and maintenance services for our customers through our subscription-based annual maintenance and support programs. In addition to providing software products, we help our customers implement and use
our applications more effectively through our consulting services.    We generate revenue primarily from the sale of perpetual software
licenses granting customers use of our software products, providing access to software products through our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) subscription offerings, providing product updates and support and providing consulting services to our
customers. We operate in three segments:  License, Maintenance  and  Consulting . We market and sell our software and services primarily through a direct sales force, which is augmented by systems integrators and resellers. In addition to
providing software products, we generate substantial recurring revenue by providing on-going software support services to our customers through our product update and support programs. The product updates and support we provide are valued by our
customers as evidenced by our high annual maintenance retention rates. We also help our customers implement and use our applications effectively through our consulting services offerings, including training, implementation and consulting services.
   We serve a large, diverse and specialized global customer base across three geographic regions the Americas, Europe, Middle East and
Africa (EMEA) and Asia Pacific (APAC). We have approximately 15,420 employees worldwide and have offices in 44 countries. We have established a worldwide infrastructure for distribution, development and support of our enterprise software. This
worldwide coverage provides us with both economies of scale and the ability to leverage our geographical expertise to effectively enter new markets and segments. In the first six months of fiscal 2017, the Americas, EMEA and APAC regions generated
approximately 62.9%, 28.7% and 8.4% of our revenues, respectively. Though we have a considerable presence outside of the U.S. today, we continue to believe we have significant opportunities to expand internationally and capture market share,
including in the EMEA and APAC regions.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

    Acquisitions    
 An acquisition program is an important element of our corporate strategy. We have invested billions of dollars to acquire a number of
complementary companies, products, services and technologies. We believe our acquisition program strengthens our competitive position, enhances the products and services that we can offer to customers, expands our customer base, provides greater
scale to accelerate innovation, grows our revenues and earnings, and increases our overall value. We expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services and technologies in furtherance of our corporate strategy. See Note 3,
 Acquisitions , for additional information related to our recent acquisitions.    We believe we can fund future acquisitions with our
internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, cash generated from operations or additional borrowings. We estimate the financial impact of any potential acquisition with regard to earnings, operating margin, cash flow and
return on invested capital targets before deciding to move forward with an acquisition.     Fiscal 2017 Acquisitions  
  Starmount     On August 2, 2016, we acquired
Starmount, Inc. (Starmount) for $62.7 million, net of cash acquired and including contingent consideration of $9.7 million recorded at the time of the purchase (the Starmount Acquisition). Included in the purchase price is $23.4 million of
deferred consideration, which reflects the present value of a deferred payment of $25.0 million due on the first anniversary of the closing date of the Starmount Acquisition. The total purchase price may also include up to an additional $10.3
million if certain future performance conditions are met. Based in Austin, Texas, Starmount is a modern store systems provider serving large and mid-market retailers. Starmount is an innovative mobile-first company providing point-of-sale,
mobile shopping assistant, and store inventory management products along with a data-rich commerce hub to engage shoppers, streamline operations, and support consistent cross-channel customer interactions. The Starmount Acquisition will enable us to
accelerate delivery of our Infor CloudSuite Retail suite of enterprise applications.    Predictix   
 On June 27, 2016, we acquired the remaining issued and outstanding capital stock in LogicBlox-Predictix Holdings, Inc. (Predictix) for
approximately $125.6 million, net of cash acquired (the Predictix Acquisition), after having acquired the 16.67% equity interest in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 for $25.0 million. Based in Atlanta, Georgia, Predictix is a provider of
cloud-native, predictive, and machine-learning solutions for retailers. The Predictix Acquisition complements and further expands offerings under Infor CloudSuite Retail, our suite of enterprise applications delivered in the cloud and designed
for today s retailing landscape.     Merit   
 On May 11, 2016, we acquired Merit Globe AS (Merit) for $23.7 million, net of cash acquired and including contingent consideration of $7.5
million recorded at the time of the purchase (the Merit Acquisition). The total purchase price may also include up to an additional $4.5 million if certain future performance conditions are met. Based in Norway, Merit is a consulting firm
specializing in Infor M3 products and services. The Merit Acquisition brings decades of experience of Infor M3 consulting services that will expand and enhance Infor s professional services  capabilities, particularly in the large and
growing European Infor M3 customer base.    Fiscal 2016 Acquisitions  
 On September 18, 2015, we acquired a majority ownership stake of 81.48% in GT Nexus, for $549.9 million, net of cash acquired (the GT Nexus
Acquisition). GT Nexus is a cloud-based SCM firm based in Oakland, California and provides the cloud platform that some of the world s largest companies, across many sectors, such as manufacturing and retail, use to monitor and orchestrate
their global supply chains including automation of sourcing, trade finance and logistics operations, enabling Infor to create a global commerce cloud providing end-to-end visibility and control across physical and financial supply chains. We
funded the total consideration related to this transaction through the use of the proceeds of the issuance of our Senior Secured Notes discussed below, together with cash on hand and equity issued to certain shareholders and management of GT
Nexus.   In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, we exercised our call option pursuant to the Stock Rollover and Equity Purchase Agreement
entered into in relation to the GT Nexus Acquisition which allowed us to purchase the remaining 18.52% of GT Nexus from the holders of redeemable noncontrolling interests in GT Nexus. We exercised the call option at a call price of approximately
$138.0 million.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

    Financing Activities    
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we completed the Predictix Acquisition. See Note 3,  Acquisitions   Predictix . In
conjunction with the Predictix Acquisition, our Sponsors made new capital contribution to Infor Enterprise of $133.0 million, of which $77.0 million was contributed as equity to Infor, Inc. Investment funds affiliated with Golden Gate Capital
and investment funds affiliated with Summit Partners contributed approximately $95.2 million and $37.8 million, respectively. The proceeds from the new equity contribution were used to fund the Predictix Acquisition purchase consideration. 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we paid dividends to Infor Software Parent, LLC (HoldCo) of $111.5 million and HoldCo made an equity
contribution to Infor, Inc. of $67.0 million.    On August 25, 2015, in connection with the GT Nexus Acquisition, we issued $500.0 million
in aggregate principal amount of 5.75% first lien senior secured notes. Net proceeds from the issuance of our Senior Secured Notes, after fees and expenses, of approximately $478.5 million were used to fund the GT Nexus Acquisition, and to pay
related transaction fees and expenses. See  Liquidity and Capital Resources   Long-Term Debt  below for details .       Non-GAAP
Financial Measures      Our results of operations in this Management s Discussion and Analysis are presented in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). In addition to reporting our financial results in accordance with GAAP, we present certain non-GAAP financial measures as well. Presentation of these non-GAAP measures allows
users to review our results of operations from the same perspective as management and our Board of Directors. These non-GAAP measures include non-GAAP revenues and Adjusted EBITDA. See  Non-GAAP Financial Measure Reconciliations  below for
additional information regarding our use of these non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the corresponding GAAP measures.      Foreign
Currency     A significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, particularly the Euro
and British Pound. Our revenues and operating expenses are affected by fluctuations in applicable foreign currency exchange rates. Downward fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar compared to a foreign currency generally have the effect of
increasing our revenues but also increasing our operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Similarly, strengthening in the U.S. Dollar compared to foreign currency exchange rates generally has the effect of
reducing our revenues but also reducing our operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. In addition, we have certain intercompany transfer pricing transactions, intercompany loans and other intercompany transactions that
are not considered permanent in nature. Fluctuations in applicable foreign currency exchange rates on these intercompany balances may impact our results of operations.  
 For the second quarter of fiscal 2017, the average exchange rates for the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and British Pound strengthened by
approximately 0.4% and 16.5%, respectively, as compared to the average exchange rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2016. For the six months ended October 31, 2016, the average exchange rates for the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and British
Pound weakened by approximately 0.1% and strengthened by approximately 13.3%, respectively, as compared to the average exchange rates for the corresponding period of fiscal 2016.  
 Our international operations have provided and will continue to provide a significant portion of our total revenues and expenses. As a result,
total revenues and expenses will continue to be affected by changes in the U.S. Dollar against major international currencies. In order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign
currency fluctuations, we compare the percent change in the results from one period to another period using constant currency disclosure. To present this information, the most current period results for our entities reporting in currencies other
than the U.S. Dollar are converted into U.S. Dollars at constant exchange rates (i.e., the average rates in effect in the prior comparable period) rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective period. In each of the tables
below, we present the percent change based on actual results in reported currency and in constant currency.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables summarize the period-over-period change, both in U.S. Dollars and
percentages, in revenues and costs and expenses, isolating the fluctuations in exchange rates from changes in activity and pricing on a constant currency basis for the periods indicated:  
   
    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP which requires us to make certain estimates, judgments and
assumptions. We believe that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that they are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of our
assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. To the extent there are material differences between these estimates, judgments or
assumptions and actual results, our financial statements will be affected.        Our critical accounting policies are
described in detail in our  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  as provided in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. These policies reflect those areas that require more significant
judgments, and use of estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our financial statements and include the following:     

Revenue Recognition;       

Business Combinations;       

Restructuring;       

Valuation of Accounts Receivable;       

Valuation and Assessment of Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets;       

Income Taxes and Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets;       

Contingencies   Litigation Reserves; and       

Equity-Based Compensation.   
      47  

Table of Contents  

  In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by
GAAP and does not require management s judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting among available alternatives would not produce a materially different result. Our senior management has
reviewed our critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.   There have been no
material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the first six months of fiscal 2017 .      Results of Operations  
 The following tables set forth our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as the amounts reported in conformity with GAAP,
the period-over-period actual percentage change (Actual) and the period-over-period constant currency percentage change (Constant Currency), for the periods indicated:      

* 
 NM - Percentage not meaningful    
      48  

Table of Contents  

  The discussion that follows relating to our results of operations for the comparable three-month
and six-month periods ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes and with the information presented in the above table. This analysis
addresses the actual changes in our results of operations for the comparable fiscal periods as presented in accordance with GAAP as well as changes excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as reflected in the constant currency
percentages in the above table and the tables that follow. See Foreign Currency above, for further explanation of the impact on our results of operations.  
   Revenues       
     Total Revenues.   We generate revenues from licensing our software, providing access to our
software through SaaS subscriptions, providing product updates and support related to our licensed products and providing consulting services. We utilize written contracts as the means to establish the terms and conditions by which our products,
product updates and support and consulting services are sold to our customers. As our product updates and support and consulting services are primarily attributable to our licensed products, growth in our product updates and support and consulting
services is generally tied to the level of our license contracting activity.   We recognize revenues pursuant to specific and detailed
guidelines applicable to the software industry. License fees revenues from end-users are generally recognized when the software product has been delivered and certain conditions are met. Subscription revenues are recognized over the contract term
once the software is made available through our SaaS offerings. Revenues from customer product updates and support contracts are deferred and recognized ratably over the term of the agreements. Revenues from consulting services (including training
and implementation services) are recognized as services are provided to customers. See Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   Revenue Recognition , in our financial statements related to our fiscal year ended April 30, 2016,
as provided in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a more complete description of our revenue recognition policy.   Total revenues increased
9.0% in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016, excluding the unfavorable foreign currency impact of 1.3%. On a constant currency basis, we realized growth across all of our geographic regions. We
continue to experience significant growth in our SaaS subscriptions revenues, which increased 89.0%, as we continue to expand our CloudSuite offerings and shift our license mix to SaaS subscriptions. As a result of this shift, our perpetual software
license fees revenues decreased 4.4%. Our consulting services and other fees revenues were up 9.2% while our product updates and support fees were relatively flat, up 0.1%. The increase in total revenues also reflects the inclusion of the
results of operations of our recent acquisitions.    For the six-month period ended October 31, 2016, total revenues increased by 9.9%
compared to the six-month period ended October 31, 2015, excluding the unfavorable foreign currency impact of 1.3%. On a constant currency basis, the year-to-date increase was primarily due to the shift in our license mix which resulted in an
increase of 105.9% in our SaaS subscriptions revenues, offsetting a 5.0% decrease in our perpetual software license fees revenues. Our year-to-date consulting services and other fees revenues were up 11.5% while our product updates and support
fees were relatively flat, up 0.1%. The increase in year-to-date total revenues also reflects the inclusion of the results of operations of our recent acquisitions.  
      49  

Table of Contents  

    Software License Fees.   Our software license fees consist of fees resulting from
products licensed to our customers on a perpetual basis. Product license fees result from a customer s licensing of a given software product for the first time or with a customer s licensing of additional users for previously licensed
products.    In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, software license fees decreased by 4.4% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016,
excluding the unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2.0%. At constant currency, the decrease in perpetual license fees revenues was primarily due to a decrease in our EMEA and Americas regions, which accounted for decreases of 3.5 points and
1.1 points, respectively. These decreases were somewhat offset by a 0.2 point increase related to our APAC region. We continued to see a shift in our mix of software license business from the sale of perpetual licenses to the sale of SaaS
subscriptions, which negatively impacted license fees revenues for the quarter. Revenue from perpetual licensing transactions is generally recorded up-front, while revenue from SaaS transactions is recognized over the term of the subscription
contract.   In the six-month period ended October 31, 2016, software license fees decreased by 5.0%, compared to the six-month period ended
October 31, 2015, excluding the unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2.0%. At constant currency, the decrease in perpetual license fees revenues was experienced across all of our geographic regions with the Americas, EMEA and APAC regions
accounting for decreases of 3.7 points, 1.0 point and 0.3 points, respectively. Our year-to-date software license fees revenues were negatively impacted by the continued shift in our software license business from the sale of perpetual licenses to
the sale of SaaS subscriptions.     SaaS Subscriptions.   Our SaaS subscriptions consists of revenues related to granting
customers access to our software products through our SaaS subscription offerings.    In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, SaaS
subscriptions revenues increased by 89.0% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016, excluding the unfavorable foreign currency impact of 0.8%. At constant currency, we reported higher SaaS revenues in the second quarter of fiscal 2017
across all geographic regions, especially in the Americas, which accounted for an increase of 56.6 points. In addition, our APAC and EMEA regions contributed increases of 19.5 points and 12.9 points, respectively. We continued to see strong
demand for our expanding CloudSuite portfolio and other subscription offerings. The increase in SaaS revenues in the current quarter also reflects the inclusion of the results of GT Nexus for the full quarter in fiscal 2017 compared to a
portion of the comparable period last year, since the acquisition occurred in the middle of the second quarter of fiscal 2016. GT Nexus contributed an increase of 44.4 points.  
 In the six-month period ended October 31, 2016, SaaS subscriptions revenues increased by 105.9%, compared to the six-month period ended
October 31, 2015, excluding the unfavorable foreign currency impact of 0.7%. At constant currency, we reported higher SaaS revenues in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 across all geographic regions; the Americas accounted for an increase of
71.0 points, APAC 20.3 points, and EMEA 14.6 points. The increase in year-to-date SaaS subscriptions revenues also reflects the inclusion of the results of operations of GT Nexus since the acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and
accounted for a 61.7 point increase.      Product Updates and Support Fees.   Our product updates and support fees revenues
represent the ratable recognition of fees to enroll and renew licensed products in our maintenance programs. These fees are typically charged annually and are based on the license fees initially paid by the customer. Product updates and support
revenues can fluctuate based on the number and timing of new license contracts, renewal rates and price increases.    Product updates and
support fees were relatively flat, up 0.1%, excluding the unfavorable foreign currency impact of 1.3%, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016.  
 In the six-month period ended October 31, 2016, product updates and support fees increased by 0.1%, compared to the six-month period ended
October 31, 2015, excluding the unfavorable foreign currency impact of 1.2%.    At constant currency, the current quarter and year-to-date
increases were primarily the result of revenues related to new maintenance pull-through from new license transactions and price increases offsetting customer attrition and the negative pressure of the shift in our software license business from the
sale of perpetual licenses to the sale of SaaS subscriptions, which includes product updates and support. We experienced modest growth in our product updates and support fees in our EMEA and APAC regions which more than offset a slight decrease
in the Americas. We continue to experience maintenance retention rates of over 93.0%.      Consulting Services and Other Fees.  
Our consulting services and other fees revenues consist primarily of software-related services, including systems implementation and integration services, consulting, custom modification, hosting services, application managed services and
education and training services for customers who have licensed our products. Consulting services and other fees revenues also includes revenues related to hardware systems products and Inforum, our customer event.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

  Consulting services and other fees increased by 9.2%, excluding the unfavorable foreign currency
impact of 1.3%, in the current quarter compared to the second quarter last year. At constant currency, we experienced an increase in consulting services revenues, which accounted for an increase of 10.1 points compared to the second quarter
last year. This increase was experienced across all geographic regions; EMEA accounted for an increase of 6.2 points, Americas 3.0 points, and APAC 0.9 points. These increases were somewhat offset by a 0.9 point decrease in other fees revenues,
primarily in our Americas region. The increase in consulting services and other fees reflects the inclusion of the results of our recent acquisitions, which accounted for 6.9 points of the increase.  
 Consulting services and other fees increased by 11.5%, excluding the unfavorable foreign currency impact of 1.3%, in the six-month period
ended October 31, 2016, compared to the six-month period ended October 31, 2015. At constant currency, year-to-date increases in consulting services revenues accounted for an increase of 9.4 points compared to the corresponding period last year. The
year-to-date increase in consulting services was experienced across all geographic regions with EMEA contributing an increase of 6.0 points, Americas 2.1 points, and APAC 1.3 points. In addition, our other fees revenues increased by 2.1 points,
primarily in our Americas region due to inclusion of revenues related to Inforum, our customer event held in July 2016, with no similar amounts in the corresponding prior period. The increase in year-to-date consulting services and other fees
reflects the inclusion of the results of our recent acquisitions, which accounted for 6.0 points of the increase.      Deferred
Revenue.   Certain of our revenues are deferred when all conditions of revenue recognition have not been met. Deferred revenue represents revenue that is to be recognized in future periods when such conditions have been satisfied related to
certain license agreements (including SaaS), maintenance contracts and certain consulting arrangements, as discussed above. We had total deferred revenues of $854.3 million at October 31, 2016, compared to $973.9 million at April 30, 2016 and $796.9
million at October 31, 2015.    The following table sets forth the components of deferred revenue: 
   
   Within our fiscal year, changes in the balance of our deferred revenue are cyclical and primarily driven by
the timing of our maintenance services renewal cycles. Our peak renewal activity levels occur in December and May with revenues being recognized ratably over the applicable service periods. We generate substantial recurring product update and
support fees revenue from our customer support programs and other software maintenance services. Maintaining our current level of product update and support fees revenue is dependent upon our ability to enroll our customers in our maintenance
programs and having our customers renew their maintenance agreements, primarily on an annual basis. Deferred SaaS subscription revenues are a growing part of our deferred software license fees and subscriptions balance and are less cyclical
than the balance of our deferred product updates and support fees revenues.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

    Operating Expenses       
     Cost of Software License Fees.   Cost of software license fees reflects costs related to the sale
of our software licenses including royalties to third parties, channel partner commissions and other software delivery expenses, and applicable overhead costs. Our software solutions may include embedded components of third-party vendors for
which a fee is paid to the vendor upon the sale of our products. In addition, we resell third-party products in conjunction with the license of our software solutions, which also results in a fee. We also sell our software solutions through our
third-party channel relationships which require us to pay applicable commissions to our channel partners. The cost of software license fees is generally higher, as a percentage of revenues, when we sell products of third-party vendors. As a result,
software license fees gross margins will vary depending on the proportion of third-party product sales and/or sales through our business partner channel in our revenue mix.  
 Cost of software license fees decreased by 16.5%, excluding the favorable foreign currency impact of 1.7%, in the second quarter of fiscal
2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. At constant currency, this decrease was primarily due to an 11.2 point decrease related to lower third-party royalties and a 6.3 point decrease related to lower channel partner commissions in-line
with lower software license fees revenues in the quarter and the mix of license fees. These decreases were somewhat offset by a 1.0 point increase related to higher other costs. 
 Cost of software license fees for the first six months of fiscal 2017 were flat, excluding the favorable foreign currency impact of 2.0%,
compared to the first six months of fiscal 2016. At constant currency, a 5.5 point decrease related to lower third-party royalties offset a 4.3 point increase related to higher channel partner commissions and a 1.2 point increase related to higher
other costs.      Cost of SaaS Subscriptions.   Cost of SaaS subscriptions reflects costs related to our SaaS offerings including
salaries, employee benefits, vendor costs associated with providing our subscription offerings, and applicable overhead costs.   Cost of
SaaS subscriptions increased by 88.1%, excluding a minimal favorable foreign currency impact, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. At constant currency, this increase in SaaS costs was in-line with our
higher SaaS subscriptions revenues in the second quarter of fiscal 2017.   Cost of SaaS subscriptions for the first six months of fiscal
2017 increased by 96.6%, excluding the favorable foreign currency impact of 0.8%, compared to the first six months of fiscal 2016, in-line with higher year-to-date SaaS subscriptions revenues. 
   Cost of Product Updates and Support Fees.   Cost of product updates and support fees includes salaries, employee benefits, related
travel, third-party maintenance costs associated with embedded and non-embedded third-party products, related channel partner commissions, and the overhead costs of providing our customers product updates and support.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

  Cost of product updates and support fees decreased by 4.0%, excluding the favorable foreign
currency impact of 1.2%, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. At constant currency, the decrease was primarily due to a 4.3 point decrease related to lower third-party royalties and a 1.6 decrease
in employee-related support and overhead costs. These decreases were somewhat offset by a 1.9 point increase related to higher channel partner commissions.  
 For the first six months of fiscal 2017, cost of product updates and support fees decreased by 1.4%, excluding the favorable foreign currency
impact of 1.5%, compared to the first six months of fiscal 2016. At constant currency, the year-to-date decrease was primarily due to a 1.8 point decrease related to lower third-party royalties and a 1.6 point decrease in employee-related
support and overhead costs. These decreases were somewhat offset by a 1.8 point increase related to higher channel partner commissions and 0.2 points related to higher other costs.  
   Cost of Consulting Services and Other Fees.   Cost of consulting services and other fees includes salaries, employee benefits,
third-party consulting costs, related travel and the overhead costs of providing our customers systems implementation and integration services, consulting, custom modification, hosting services, application managed services and education and
training services. Cost of consulting services and other fees also includes costs associated with our hardware business.    Cost of
consulting services and other fees increased by 3.6%, excluding the favorable foreign currency impact of 1.1%, in the current quarter compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. At constant currency, cost of consulting services increased 9.0
points due to higher employee-related and overhead costs due to 7.4% higher headcount in our professional services organizations in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. This increase was somewhat
offset by a 3.6 point decrease due to lower billable contractor costs and a 1.8 point decrease related to other costs.    For the first six
months of fiscal 2017, cost of consulting services and other fees increased by 3.7%, excluding the favorable foreign currency impact of 1.3%, compared to the first six months of fiscal 2016. At constant currency, the year-to-date increase was
primarily due to a 9.2 point increase in employee-related and overhead costs due to higher headcount in our professional services organizations. This increase was somewhat offset by a 4.3 point decrease due to lower billable contractor costs and a
1.2 point decrease related to other costs.      Sales and Marketing   .  Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily
of salaries, commissions, employee benefits, travel, trade show activities, advertising and branding costs, overhead costs related to our sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of Inforum, our customer event.  
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 6.9%, excluding the favorable foreign currency impact of 1.5%, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017
compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, the increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to an increase of 10.5 points in higher employee-related sales and overhead costs due to 3.1% higher
headcount in our sales organization in the current quarter compared to last year, and a net 0.3 point increase due to higher professional fees and other sales costs. These decreases were somewhat offset by a 3.9 point decrease due to lower marketing
program costs in the current quarter.    Sales and marketing expenses increased by 15.4%, excluding the favorable foreign currency impact of
1.4%, in the six-month period ended October 31, 2016, compared to the six-month period ended October 31, 2015. On a constant currency basis, the year-to-date increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to a 10.9 point increase in
employee-related sales and overhead costs due to higher headcount in our sales organization, an increase of 4.0 points due to higher marketing program costs, including the costs of Inforum held in the first quarter of this year, and a net 0.5 point
increase due to higher professional fees and other sales costs.      Research and Development.       Research and
development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenditures, third-party consulting and professional services, and overhead costs related to our research and development function.  
 Research and development expenses increased by 15.0%, excluding the favorable foreign currency impact of 1.3%, in the second quarter of fiscal
2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, research and development expenses increased 17.9 points as a result of higher employee-related and overhead costs due to 14.4% higher headcount in our development
organization in the current quarter compared to last year, and 0.7 points related to higher professional fees. These increases were somewhat offset by a 3.3 point decrease related to higher capitalization of software development costs in the current
quarter as compared to the second quarter last year and 0.3 points related to a decrease in other development costs.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

  Research and development expenses increased 13.5%, excluding the favorable foreign currency
impact of 1.1%, in the six-month period ended October 31, 2016, compared to the six-month period ended October 31, 2015. On a constant currency basis, the year-to-date increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an 18.4
point increase in employee-related sales and overhead costs due to higher headcount in our development organization and 2.2 points related to higher professional fees. These increases were somewhat offset by a 6.6 point decrease related to higher
capitalization of software development costs year-to-date as compared to the corresponding period last year and 0.5 points related to a decrease in other development costs.  
   General and Administrative.   General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenditures for
information technology, finance, legal and human resources support functions.   General and administrative expenses increased by 13.5%,
excluding the favorable foreign currency impact of 3.2%, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, general and administrative expenses increased approximately 6.0 points
due to an increase in employee-related costs and overhead allocations, 1.6 points due to higher share-based compensation in the quarter compared to last year, 3.7 points related to higher consulting and professional fees, and a net increase of 2.2
points in other general and administrative expenses.   General and administrative expenses increased by 15.7%, excluding the favorable
foreign currency impact of 2.9%, in the six-month period ended October 31, 2016, compared to the six-month period ended October 31, 2015. On a constant currency basis, year-to-date general and administrative expenses increased approximately 7.4
points due to an increase in employee-related costs and overhead allocations, 2.8 points due to higher share-based compensation compared to last year, 2.9 points related to higher consulting and professional fees, and a net increase of 2.6 points in
other general and administrative expenses.      Amortization of Intangible Assets and Depreciation.   Amortization of intangibles
assets primarily relates to the on-going amortization of intangible assets acquired in acquisitions. Depreciation expense relates primarily to our computer equipment and purchased software, furniture and fixtures, costs capitalized for internal use
software, as well as leasehold improvements.    Amortization of intangible assets and depreciation decreased by 1.7%, excluding the
favorable foreign currency impact of 1.0%, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2016. The quarter-over-quarter decrease resulted primarily from lower amortization and depreciation related to certain of our
assets being fully amortized or depreciated in fiscal 2016 with no corresponding expense recorded in fiscal 2017. These decreases were somewhat offset by higher amortization expense related to intangible assets and depreciation of fixed assets
recorded as part of our recent acquisitions, and depreciation of costs capitalized for our internal use software.    In the six-month period
ended October 31, 2016, amortization of intangible assets and depreciation was relatively flat, up 0.4%, compared with the six-month period ended October 31, 2015, excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency of 0.8%. Year-to-date,
increased amortization and depreciation expense of assets recorded as part of our recent acquisitions and depreciation of costs capitalized for our internal use software mostly offset decreases related to certain of our assets being fully amortized
or depreciated in fiscal 2016 with no corresponding expense recorded in fiscal 2017.      Restructuring   .    We
have recorded restructuring charges related to our acquisitions and on occasion to eliminate redundancies, improve our operational efficiency and reduce our operating costs. These cost reduction measures included workforce reductions relating to
restructuring our workforce, the exiting of certain leased facilities and the consolidation of space in certain other facilities. These restructuring charges include employee severance costs and costs related to the reduction of office
space. See Note 10,  Restructuring Charges .   We recorded restructuring charges of approximately $9.7 million and $6.4 million in
the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, respectively, related to our various restructuring actions.   We incurred restructuring
charges of $29.7 million in the six-month period ended October 31, 2016, compared to $8.2 million in the six-month period ended October 31, 2015.  
 The restructuring charges recorded to date in fiscal 2017 included approximately $29.0 million related to employee severance costs and $0.7
million in accruals for costs related to facilities to be exited. The employee severance costs relate primarily to personnel actions taken in our EMEA region affecting all functional areas. The facilities charges relate to exiting or
consolidation of space in facilities primarily in the Americas region.  
      54  

Table of Contents  

  The restructuring charges recorded in fiscal 2016 included approximately $6.1 million related to
employee severance costs and $2.1 million in accruals for costs related to facilities to be exited. The employee severance costs relate to personnel actions across all functions primarily in the Americas and EMEA regions. The facilities charges
relate to exiting or consolidation of space in facilities primarily in the Americas region.      Acquisition-Related and Other Costs.
  Acquisition-related and other costs include transaction and integration costs related to our acquisitions, primarily professional services fees and certain employee costs related to transitional and certain other employees.
Acquisition-related and other costs also include certain costs incurred in financing our acquisitions, reorganizing our operations and other debt financing activities.  
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2017, we recorded acquisition-related and other costs of $3.9 million, a decrease of approximately $5.7
million compared to $9.6 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2016.   For the six months ended October 31, 2016, acquisition-related and
other costs totaled $7.8 million, a decrease of approximately $3.8 million compared to $11.6 million in the comparable six months of fiscal 2016.  
 For the six months ended October 31, 2016, acquisition-related and other costs were primarily for our recent acquisitions of Merit, Predictix,
Starmount, and GT Nexus, as well as other costs related to corporate structure and debt financing. For the six months ended October 31, 2015, acquisition-related and other costs were primarily for the GT Nexus Acquisition in September 2015 as
well as to adjust the estimated fair value of our contingent consideration liability related to previous acquisitions.     Non-Operating Income and
Expenses       

* 
 NM - Percentage not meaningful        Interest Expense,
Net   .    Interest expense, net consists of the interest expense related to our debt less the interest income on cash and marketable securities. 
 Interest expense, net increased by $1.4 million, or 1.8%, to $79.9 million in the quarter ended October 31, 2016, compared to $78.5 million in
the quarter ended October 31, 2015. The quarter-over-quarter increase in our interest expense was primarily due to our Senior Secured Notes issued in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. As a result of this issuance, our interest expense
increased by approximately $0.9 million and amortization of deferred financing fees and net debt discounts increased $0.3 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter last year. Other interest expense, net also
increased $0.2 million in the current quarter.    Interest expense, net increased by $9.1 million, or 6.0%, to $160.2 million in the
six-month period ended October 31, 2016, compared to $151.1 million in the six-month period ended October 31, 2015. Year-to-date, the increase in our interest expense was also primarily due to the issuance of our Senior Secured Notes in the second
quarter of fiscal 2016 which resulted in an increase in interest expense of approximately $7.7 million and an increase in the amortization of deferred financing fees and net debt discounts of $1.5 million in the first six months of fiscal 2017
compared to the comparable period last year. These increases in interest expense were somewhat offset by a $0.1 million increase in interest income.  
      55  

Table of Contents  

    Other (Income) Expense, Net   .    Other (income) expense, net
consists of the effects of foreign currency fluctuations, gain/loss on the sale of fixed assets, and other costs.    Other (income) expense,
net was net expense of $10.2 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to $10.8 million net expense in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 For the first six months of fiscal 2017, other (income) expense, net was net expense of $25.2 million compared to net income of $26.4 million
in the six-month period ended October 31, 2015.    The current quarter and year-to-date changes in other (income) expense, net were
primarily due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.      Income Tax Provision    

(1) 
 Due to our reduced level of pre-tax book income this period, our tax rate is not meaningful.    
 The effective tax rate for the periods presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad
range of income tax rates. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate as a result of changes in the forecasted annual income level and geographical mix of our operating earnings as well as a result of acquisitions, changes in liabilities recorded for
unrecognized tax benefits, changes in the valuation allowances for deferred tax assets, tax settlements with U.S. and foreign tax authorities, and the impact from changes in enacted tax laws. 
 Our provision for income taxes differs from the tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to certain earnings considered
as indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations, state taxes, and foreign earnings taxed at lower income tax rates than in the U.S.   The
change in our effective tax rate for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016 was primarily driven by a decrease in taxes from the creation of U.S. tax credits, a reduction in foreign income subject to U.S. tax
(Subpart F income), a reduction in the valuation allowances for various foreign deferred tax assets, and an increase in the liabilities recorded for unrecognized tax benefits.  
 The change in our effective tax rate for the first six months of fiscal 2017 compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2016 was primarily
driven by an increase in the liabilities recorded for unrecognized tax benefits, a reduction in foreign income subject to U.S. tax (Subpart F income), a decrease in taxes from the creation of U.S. tax credits, and a reduction in the valuation
allowances for various foreign deferred tax assets.    During fiscal 2017, we continued to examine various tax structuring alternatives that
may be executed during fiscal 2017, which could provide additional positive evidence in our valuation allowance considerations that may result in further foreign valuation releases.      
      56  

Table of Contents  

   Non-GAAP Financial Measure Reconciliations   
 Our results of operations in this Management s Discussion and Analysis are presented in accordance with GAAP. In addition to reporting our
financial results in accordance with GAAP, we present our non-GAAP revenues as well. We believe our presentation of non-GAAP revenues provides meaningful insight into our operating performance and an alternative perspective of our results of
operations. We use these non-GAAP measures to assess our operating performance, to develop budgets, and to serve as a measurement for incentive compensation awards. Presentation of these non-GAAP measures allows users to review our results of
operations from the same perspective as management and our Board of Directors. These non-GAAP financial measures provide users an enhanced understanding of our operations, facilitate analysis and comparisons of our current and past results of
operations, facilitate comparisons of our operating results with those of our competitors and provide insight into the prospects of our future performance. We also believe that the non-GAAP measures are useful to users because they provide
supplemental information that research analysts frequently use to analyze software companies including those that have recently made significant acquisitions. Additionally, certain non-GAAP disclosures are required by our lenders in our reporting to
them.    The method we use to produce non-GAAP results is not in accordance with GAAP and may differ from the methods used by other
companies. These non-GAAP results should not be regarded as a substitute for corresponding GAAP measures, but instead should be utilized as a supplemental measure of operating performance in evaluating our business. Non-GAAP measures have
limitations in that they do not reflect certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. As such, these non-GAAP measures should be viewed in conjunction with both our financial statements prepared in accordance
with GAAP and the reconciliation of the supplemental non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP results provided for each period presented below.  
   Non-GAAP Revenues        
   The non-GAAP adjustments we make to our reported GAAP revenues are primarily related to purchase accounting
and other acquisition matters. These amounts reflect adjustments to increase software license fees and subscriptions, product updates and support fees, and consulting services and other fees that we would have recognized if we had not adjusted
acquired deferred revenues to their fair values as required by GAAP. Certain deferred revenue for software license fees and subscriptions, product updates and support fees, and consulting services and other fees on the acquired entity s balance
sheet, at the time of the acquisition, were eliminated from our GAAP results as part of the purchase accounting for the acquisition as they do not reflect the fair value of performance obligations to us. As a result, our GAAP results do not, in
management s view, reflect all of our software license fees and subscriptions, product updates and support fees, and consulting services and other fees. We believe the inclusion of the acquisition related revenue adjustments provides users a
helpful alternative view of our operations.  
      57  

Table of Contents  

    Adjusted EBITDA    
 The following table presents the reconciliation of our GAAP net income attributable to Infor as reported to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods
indicated:      

* 
 NM - Percentage not meaningful        

(1) 
 Includes other bank and financing fees associated with our debt as defined by our debt agreements.    

(2) 
 Includes income tax provision plus certain other taxes as defined by our debt agreements.    

(3) 
 Includes costs incurred related to nonrecurring litigation and/or settlement costs, anticipated cost savings related to specific cost saving actions, operating expense reductions and the integration of recent
acquisitions, pre-acquisition adjusted EBITDA of recent acquisitions, sponsor management fees, other non-recurring costs that are allowed to be added back under the provisions of our debt agreements, and an exclusion of our unrestricted
subsidiary s adjusted EBITDA.    

(4) 
 Adjusted EBITDA Margin is defined as the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to Non-GAAP revenues.      The
non-GAAP adjustments we make to our reported GAAP net income attributable to Infor to get to Adjusted EBITDA include certain non-operating expenses and non-cash charges that are allowed to be added back under the provisions of our debt
agreements. These adjustments eliminate the impact of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance or that may vary from period to period without any correlation to the results of our core operations. We
believe the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA provides investors and other external users a supplemental measure of our performance and a helpful alternative view of our operations. In addition, the reporting of Adjusted EBITDA is a requirement
of our debt agreements.    While Adjusted EBITDA is a key metric that is frequently used by our lenders, analysts and others in their
evaluation of our performance, it has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be used in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our GAAP results as reported. For example, Adjusted EBITDA excludes a number of significant cash and
non-cash recurring items including but not limited to interest paid on our debt, income tax payments, the amortization of intangible assets and depreciation of capitalized tangible assets used in generating revenues in our business, and share-based
compensation expense.  
      58  

Table of Contents  

   Liquidity and Capital Resources      

* 
 NM - Percentage not meaningful        
   Our most significant source of operating cash flows is cash collections from our customers following the
purchase and renewal of their subscriptions for licensed software updates (maintenance) and product support agreements. Payments from customers for these maintenance and support agreements are generally received near the beginning of the
contracts  terms, which are generally one year in length. We also generate significant cash from new software license sales, SaaS subscription arrangements and, to a lesser extent, consulting and other services. Our primary uses of cash from
operating activities are for personnel-related expenditures. We also make significant cash payments related to interest payments, taxes and leased facilities. We are highly leveraged and our liquidity requirements are significant, primarily due
to debt service requirements.    As part of our business strategy, we may use cash to acquire additional companies or products from time to
time to enhance our product lines, which could have a material effect on our capital resources.    In fiscal 2017, we completed the
Starmount Acquisition for $62.7 million, net of cash acquired and including contingent consideration of $9.7 million recorded at the time of the purchase. Included in the purchase price is $23.4 million of deferred consideration which reflects
the present value of a deferred payment of $25.0 million due on the first anniversary of the closing date of the Starmount Acquisition. Also in fiscal 2017, we completed the Predictix Acquisition for approximately $125.6, net of cash acquired,
and the Merit Acquisition for $23.7 million, net of cash acquired and including contingent consideration of $7.5 million recorded at the time of the purchase. In addition, we paid $138.0 million to exercise our call option related to the
redeemable noncontrolling interest in GT Nexus which allowed us to purchase the remaining 18.52% interest in GT Nexus. See Note 3,  Acquisitions .  
 As of each of our reported balance sheet dates, we have reported a deficit in working capital. This deficit in working capital represents an
excess of our current liabilities over our current assets and is primarily the result of the significant balance of deferred revenue, reported as a current liability, at each balance sheet date. Our deferred revenues represent the excess of our
collections from, or our billings due from, our customers for which the related revenues have not yet met all the criteria necessary to be recognized as earned in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 2,  Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies   Revenue Recognition , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a further description of those criteria.  
 We believe that cash flows from operations, together with our cash and cash equivalents, borrowing capacity under our revolving credit
facility, will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for working capital, capital expenditures, restructuring activities and investments for the remainder of fiscal 2017 and for the foreseeable future. At some point in the future, we may
require additional funds for either operating or strategic purposes and may seek to raise the additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing. If we ever need to seek additional financing, there is no assurance that this
additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on reasonable terms. If our liquidity and capital resources are insufficient to meet our requirements or fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity
problems, may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.  
      59  

Table of Contents  

    Cash Flows from Operating Activities   
 Net cash used in operating activities for the six-month period ended October 31, 2016, was $1.6 million. Our net loss adjusted for non-cash
items provided $147.9 million in cash due to strong cash flows from operations, and changes in operating assets and liabilities used cash of $149.5 million. The uses of cash were from a $105.7 million decrease in deferred revenue, as a portion
of amounts collected in advance from customers have been earned as revenue, primarily due to the timing of maintenance renewals, as a significant portion of our U.S. maintenance renews on May 31, an $80.8 million decrease in accounts payable,
accrued expenses and other liabilities primarily due to the timing of interest payments and vendor payments, and $14.2 million related to our income tax receivable/payable, net. These uses of cash were partially offset by a $34.1 million
decrease in accounts receivable, net, a $17.1 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets.    Net cash provided by operating
activities for the six-month period ended October 31, 2015, was $115.5 million. Our net income adjusted for non-cash items provided $154.3 million in cash due to strong cash flows from operations, and changes in operating assets and liabilities used
cash of $38.8 million. The uses of cash were primarily from a $104.1 million decrease in deferred revenue, as a portion of amounts collected in advance from customers have been earned as revenue, due to the timing of maintenance renewals, and a
$12.2 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets. These uses of cash were partially offset by a $38.0 million increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities and a $36.5 million decrease in accounts receivable,
net.          Cash Flows from Investing Activities   
 Net cash used in investing activities was $215.7 million in the six-month period ended October 31, 2016. The primary uses of cash were $170.9
million net cash used for the Starmount Acquisition, the Predictix Acquisition and the Merit Acquisition, and $44.3 million used to purchase property, equipment and software, including capitalization of internal and external software development
costs.   Net cash used in investing activities was $578.1 million in the six-month period ended October 31, 2015. The primary uses of cash
were $549.3 million net cash used for our acquisition of GT Nexus and $28.8 million used to purchase property, equipment and software.     Cash Flows
from Financing Activities     Net cash used in financing activities was $180.4 million in the six-month period ended October 31,
2016. The primary uses of cash were $138.0 million related to the purchase of the remaining 18.52% interest in GT Nexus, $111.5 million in dividend payments and $70.3 million in debt repayments. This was partially offset by $144.0 million
in additional cash proceeds from equity transactions related to our Sponsors and our parent holding company.    Net cash provided by
financing activities was $440.7 million in the six-month period ended October 31, 2015. The source of cash was $495.0 proceeds from the issuance of debt in connection with the GT Nexus Acquisition. This was partially offset by uses of
cash, primarily $17.1 million in debt repayments, $17.0 million in dividend payments and $16.5 million in deferred financing fees related to the issuance of our Senior Secured Notes. 
   Effect of Exchange Rate Changes   
 For the six months ended October 31, 2016, changes in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in a $10.8 million decrease in our cash and cash
equivalents. Exchange rate changes decreased our cash and cash equivalents by $5.8 million during the six months ended October 31, 2015. 
   Working Capital Deficit      Our
working capital deficit, defined as current assets less current liabilities, was $449.1 million at October 31, 2016, compared to $208.5 million at April 30, 2016. At October 31, 2016, our cash decreased by $408.5 million compared to the balance
at April 30, 2016. Generally, increases in current assets are considered to be uses of cash and increases in current liabilities are considered to be sources of cash. During the first six months of our fiscal 2017, the most significant change
in our current assets aside from cash was a $35.3 million decrease in our accounts receivable, net. During this period, the most significant changes in our current liabilities were a $101.3 million decrease in deferred revenue, due to the
timing of maintenance renewals, a $56.3 million decrease in the current portion of long-term obligations, and a $40.2 million decrease in accounts payable.  
      60  

Table of Contents  

    Cash and Cash Equivalents    
 As of October 31, 2016, we had $297.2 million in cash and cash equivalents including amounts in operating accounts, money market investments
and other short-term, highly liquid investments with initial maturities of three months or less. As of October 31, 2016, $56.2 million of our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents are held in the U.S. The remaining $241.0 million of our
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents are held in foreign countries. Under current tax laws and regulations, if cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the U.S. are distributed to the U.S. in the form of dividends or
otherwise, we may be subject to additional U.S. income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and foreign withholding taxes. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of these potential additional taxes due to the complexities
of the tax laws in various jurisdictions, the number of jurisdictions in which we operate, the complexity of our legal entity structure, and the hypothetical nature of the calculations. 
  Long-Term Debt    The following table
summarizes our long-term debt balances for the periods indicated:     

(1) 
 Debt balances net of applicable unamortized debt discounts, premiums and deferred financing fees.    
 As of October 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants included in the terms of our credit facilities and the indentures
that governs our senior notes.     Credit Facilities    
 On April 5, 2012, we entered into a secured credit agreement with Infor (US), Inc. as borrower and a syndicate of certain banks and other
financial institutions as lenders which consists of a secured revolving credit facility and a secured term loan facility (the Credit Agreement), which was subsequently amended. See Note 12,  Debt , in notes to the consolidated financial
statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a description of each amendment (First Amendment through Sixth Amendment; Seventh Amendment described below).  
 The credit facilities are guaranteed by Infor, Inc. and certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (the Guarantors), and are secured by
liens on substantially all of the borrower s assets and the assets of the Guarantors. Under the Credit Agreement, we are subject to a financial maintenance covenant that is applicable only for the revolving credit facility and then only for
those fiscal quarters in which we have significant borrowings under the revolving credit facility outstanding as of the last day of such fiscal quarter. This covenant would require us to maintain a total leverage ratio not to exceed certain levels
as of the last day of any such fiscal quarter. We are subject to certain other customary affirmative and negative covenants as well. 
      61  

Table of Contents  

   Revolver   
 The secured revolving credit facility (the Revolver) has a maximum availability of $120.0 million. We have made no draws against the Revolver
and no amounts are currently outstanding. However, $11.5 million of letters of credit have reduced the amount available under the Revolver to $108.5 million as of October 31, 2016. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, there is an undrawn line fee of
0.50% and the Revolver matures on April 5, 2019. Amounts under the Revolver may be borrowed to finance working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. While we have made no draws against the Revolver, interest on any future Revolver
borrowings will be based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to either, at our option, an Adjusted LIBOR rate, plus a margin of 2.75% per annum, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin of 1.75% per annum. See Note
19,  Subsequent Events   Credit Agreement Amendment.     On August 15, 2016, we entered into the Seventh Amendment (the Amendment)
to the Credit Agreement. The Amendment provides for, among other modifications to the Credit Agreement as set forth therein, a two-year extension of the maturity date for the Revolver under the Credit Agreement to April 5, 2019, as well as a
reduction in the aggregate size of the Revolver from $150.0 million to $120.0 million, with commensurate reductions in related sublimits.     Term Loans
    On January 2, 2014, we entered into a $2,550.0 million term loan (the Tranche B-5 Term Loan). Interest on the Tranche B-5 Term
Loan is based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to either, at our option, an Adjusted LIBOR rate, plus a margin of 2.75% per annum, with a LIBOR floor of 1.0%, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin of 1.75% per
annum, with a minimum alternative base rate floor of 2.0%. The Tranche B-5 Term Loan matures on June 3, 2020.   On June 3, 2013, we
entered into a $483.0 million term loan (the Tranche B-3 Term Loan). Interest on the Tranche B-3 Term Loan is based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to either, at our option, an Adjusted LIBOR rate, plus a margin of
2.75% per annum, with an Adjusted LIBOR floor of 1.0%, or an alternate base rate, plus a margin of 1.75% per annum, with a minimum alternative base rate floor of 2.0%. The Tranche B-3 Term Loan matures on June 3, 2020.  
 On June 3, 2013, we entered into a  350.0 million term loan (the Euro Tranche B Term Loan). Interest on the Euro Tranche B
Term Loan is based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to an Adjusted LIBOR rate, plus a margin of 3.0% per annum, with an Adjusted LIBOR floor of 1.0%. The Euro Tranche B Term Loan matures on June 3, 2020.  
 Interest on the term loans borrowed under the secured term loan facility (the Term Loans) is payable quarterly, in arrears. Quarterly
principal payment amounts are set for each of the Term Loans with balloon payments at the applicable maturity dates. The Term Loans are subject to mandatory prepayments in certain situations.  
   Senior Notes     Our 6.500% and 5.750%
Senior Notes (the Senior Notes) bear interest at the applicable rates per annum, which is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears, on May 15 and November 15 each year. The Senior Notes mature on May 15, 2022. The Senior Notes are
general unsecured obligations of Infor (US), Inc. and are guaranteed by Infor, Inc. and certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. Under the indenture governing the Senior Notes, we are subject to certain customary affirmative and negative
covenants.      First Lien Senior Secured Notes    
 On August 25, 2015, in connection with the GT Nexus Acquisition, we issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.750% first lien
senior secured notes (the Senior Secured Notes) at an issue price of 99.000% plus accrued interest, if any, from August 25, 2015. The Senior Secured Notes mature on August 15, 2020, and bear interest at the applicable rate per annum that is payable
semi-annually in cash in arrears, on February 15 and August 15 each year, beginning on February 15, 2016.   The Senior
Secured Notes are first lien senior secured obligations of Infor (US), Inc. and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Infor, Inc., and certain of our existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. Under the
indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes, we are subject to certain customary affirmative and negative covenants.    On October 12,
2016, we entered into supplemental indentures to the indentures governing the Senior Notes and the Senior Secured Notes to add Starmount, Inc. as a guarantor of each of such notes.  
      62  

Table of Contents  

    Unrestricted Subsidiary    
 We have designated Infor Retail Holdings, Inc. (Infor Retail Holdings), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infor (US), Inc., as an  Unrestricted
Subsidiary  as defined under the provisions of the Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our Senior Notes and Senior Secured Notes. The financial position and results of operations of Infor Retail Holdings are included in our Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements. As required by the Credit Agreement and the indentures governing the Senior Notes and Senior Secured Notes, we are to present information sufficient to ascertain our financial condition and results of operations
excluding our Unrestricted Subsidiaries.    Infor Retail Holdings includes the financial position and results of operations of Predictix,
which we acquired in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. See Note 3,  Acquisitions . As of April 30, 2016, prior to the Predictix Acquisition, the financial position of Infor Retail Holdings only reflected our $25.0 million investment in
Predictix, acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, with an offsetting credit in equity. See Note 1,  Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation   Cost Method Investments . This investment was included in other assets on our
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2016. On June 27, 2016, we acquired the remaining issued and outstanding capital stock of Predictix.  
 Infor Retail Holdings  financial position as of October 31, 2016 and its results of operations for the first six months of fiscal 2017
were not significant to our consolidated financial position and results of operations as of and for the period ended October 31, 2016. Infor Retail Holdings held assets totaling $151.2 million, primarily intangible assets and goodwill, and
liabilities of $5.9 million as of October 31, 2016. For the six months ended October 31, 2016, Infor Retail Holdings recorded revenues of $5.4 million and a loss from operations of $6.6 million. In addition, its Adjusted EBITDA for the
first six months was a loss of $3.7 million, as calculated based on the provisions of the Credit Agreement.     Restricted Cash   
 We had approximately $11.3 million of restricted cash as of October 31, 2016, of which approximately $1.0 million and $10.3 million have been
reflected in other current assets and other assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively.    We had approximately $10.5
million of restricted cash as of April 30, 2016, of which approximately $0.3 million and $10.2 million have been reflected in other current assets and other assets on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively.  
 These balances related primarily to various collateral arrangements related to our property leases worldwide.  
  Disclosures about Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments  
 As disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our total contractual obligations at April 30, 2016 were $7,821.6 million, not including an
estimated liability for uncertain tax positions as we are unable to reasonably estimate when these amounts will ultimately be settled. There were no material additions or changes to our contractual obligations outside the ordinary course
of business during the three months ended October 31, 2016. At October 31, 2016, we had recorded a liability for uncertain tax positions of $153.9 million. Over the next 12 months, we expect a net reduction of approximately $21.0 million of
unrecognized tax benefits, primarily due to the expiration of the statutory limitation periods in the various jurisdictions. See Note 12,  Income Taxes . 
  Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements    We do not
have any off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or
expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.    Foreign Currency  
 A significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, the currency in which our financial statements are
stated. Significant changes in these currencies, especially the Euro and British Pound, relative to the U.S. Dollar could materially impact our revenue, operating results and financial position. We currently do not pursue hedging
strategies to mitigate foreign currency exposure.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 See Note 2,  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  for information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements that may
impact our financial statements.  
      63  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK        Foreign Currency   
 A significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, the currency in which our financial
statements are stated. Accordingly, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar which could materially impact our revenue, operating results and financial position. Our international
operations are, for the most part, naturally hedged against exchange rate fluctuations since the majority of revenues and expenses of each foreign affiliate are denominated in the same currency. Therefore, we do not engage in formal hedging
activities related to foreign currency exchange rates, but we do periodically review the potential impact of this risk to ensure that the risks of significant potential losses remain minimal. Certain transaction gains and losses are generated from
intercompany balances that are not considered to be long-term in nature that will be settled between subsidiaries. We also recognize transaction gains and losses from revaluing debt denominated in Euros and held by subsidiaries whose functional
currency is the U.S. Dollar.    Our international revenues and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, principally the Euro and
British Pound. The functional currency of each of our foreign subsidiaries is the local currency. International revenues represented 42.9% and 42.6% of our total revenues for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016,
respectively. International cost of revenues and operating expenses accounted for 40.8% and 42.0% of our total cost of revenues and operating expenses for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively. For the first six months
of fiscal 2017 and 2016, international revenues represented 42.9% and 43.0% of our total revenues, respectively. International cost of revenues and operating expenses accounted for 41.4% and 43.1% of our total cost of revenues and operating
expenses for the first six months of fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively.    As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, a 10% adverse change
in foreign exchange rates versus the U.S. Dollar would have decreased our aggregate reported cash and cash equivalents by approximately 4.9% and 4.3%, respectively. A 10% adverse change in the Euro exchange rate versus the U.S. Dollar
would have decreased our aggregate reported cash and cash equivalents by approximately 1.4% and 2.1% as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively. A 10% adverse change in the British Pound exchange rate versus the U.S. Dollar would
have decreased our aggregate reported cash and cash equivalents by approximately 0.5% and 0.2% as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively.  
   Interest Rates     We face exposure to
changes in interest rates primarily relating to our long-term debt. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, we had $5.6 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively, outstanding under our debt agreements. Pursuant to the terms of certain of the debt
agreements we have in place at October 31, 2016, interest expense is calculated using the LIBOR or the EURIBOR rates, depending on the debt agreement. In addition, certain of our debt agreements have LIBOR or EURIBOR floors of 1.00% or 2.00%. On
October 31, 2016, the three-month LIBOR and EURIBOR rates were 0.88% and -0.31%, respectively. Accordingly, we used the LIBOR/EURIBOR floors, as applicable. An increase in applicable interest rates of 50 basis points over the October 31, 2016 rates
would not have a significant impact on our total monthly interest expense as such a change would have a negligible impact on the LIBOR and EURIBOR floors related to our debt.  
 As part of our strategy to limit exposure to interest rate risk, primarily future variability in the three-month LIBOR, we have entered into
interest rate swap agreements with notional amounts totaling $945.0 million or approximately 29.4% of our variable rate debt. We entered into the interest rate swaps for hedging purposes only to convert a portion of the interest payments on our
variable rate debt to fixed rate payments, not for trading or speculation. We have designated these instruments as cash flow hedges and accounted for them accordingly. For further discussion of these derivative instruments see Note 5,  Fair
Value , Note 13,  Comprehensive Income (Loss)  and Note 15,  Derivative Financial Instruments .      
      64  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES       Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 We have established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we conducted
an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 31, 2016. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation and may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during
the quarter ended October 31, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
    PART II. OTHER INFORMATION      

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS      See Note 14,  Commitments and Contingencies   Litigation ,
for information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved.     

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS      A detailed discussion of our risk factors can be found in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K, in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors.  There have been no material changes to our risk factors since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K with the exception of the following additional risk factor. These risk factors
could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Additional factors and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial could also harm our business, operating results and financial
condition.     Economic conditions and regulatory changes that may result from the United Kingdom s likely exit from the European
Union could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations      In June 2016, the United Kingdom (the
U.K.) held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the European Union (the E.U.), commonly referred to as  Brexit.  The announcement of Brexit caused significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate
fluctuations that resulted in the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in which we conduct business. The announcement of Brexit and likely withdrawal of the U.K. from the E.U. may also create further global economic
uncertainty, which may cause our current and future customers to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending on our products and services.  
 As a result of the referendum, it is expected that the British government will begin negotiating the terms of the U.K. s withdrawal from
the E.U. Given the lack of comparable precedent, it is unclear how Brexit may negatively impact the economies of the U.K., the E.U. countries and other nations. However, any of these effects of Brexit, among others, could adversely affect
our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
      65  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS      (a) Not applicable 
 (b) Not applicable 
 (c) Not applicable      

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES      None 

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES      Not applicable 

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION      None  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS      See Index to Exhibits on page 68 of this report 
      66  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   Date: December 9, 2016  

INFOR, INC.  

By: 
   
   /s/ KEVIN SAMUELSON   

Kevin Samuelson  

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial officer)   

67  

Table of Contents  

   Exhibit Index  

Exhibit  
  Number   

Description of Documents    

10.1 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 12, 2016, by and among Starmount, Inc., Infor (US), Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee under the indenture dated as of April 1, 2015 providing for the
issuance of Issuer s 6.500% Senior Notes due 2022 and 5.750% Senior Notes due 2022.  

10.2 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 12, 2016, by and among Starmount, Inc., Infor (US), Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent under the indenture dated as of August 25,
2015 providing for the issuance of the Issuer s 5.750% First Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2020.  

10.3 
    
 Amendment No. 7, dated August 15, 2016, between Infor, Inc., Infor (US), Inc., the Subsidiary Loan Parties party thereto, the Amendment No. 7 Consenting Revolving Lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., the Collateral Agent,
the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender amending the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2012, between Infor, Inc., Infor (US), Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent, and other
agents and arrangers named therein, as previously amended (filed with Infor, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2016 (Reg. No. 333-183494) and incorporated herein by reference).  

31.1 
    
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   Charles E. Phillips, Jr.  

31.2 
    
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   Kevin Samuelson  

32.1 
    
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   Charles E. Phillips, Jr.  

32.2 
    
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   Kevin Samuelson  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  
     
 Interactive Data Files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. The following unaudited financial statements from Infor, Inc. s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) - furnished not filed herewith:      

iii. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015,        

v. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      68  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d243006dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
  First Supplemental Indenture   
 FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (this   Supplemental Indenture  ) dated as of October 12, 2016, by and among Starmount, Inc.
(the   Guaranteeing Subsidiary  ), Infor (US), Inc. (the   Issuer  ) and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee under the Indenture referred to below.  
  W   I   T   N   E   S   S   E   T   H :  
 WHEREAS, each of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee have heretofore executed and delivered an indenture dated as of April 1, 2015
(as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the   Indenture  ), providing for the issuance of its 6.500% Senior Notes due 2022 (the   Dollar Notes  ) and 5.750% Senior Notes due 2022 (the   Euro
Notes   and, together with the Dollar Notes, the   Notes      WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain
circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee, on a joint and several basis with the other Guarantors, all of the
Issuer s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the   Guarantee   and  
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.1 of the Indenture, the Issuer and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental
Indenture to amend or supplement the Indenture, without the consent of any Holder;    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, the Issuer and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:
   ARTICLE I    DEFINITIONS  
 SECTION 1.1.  Defined Terms . As used in this Supplemental Indenture, terms defined in the Indenture or in the preamble or recitals
hereto are used herein as therein defined. The words  herein,   hereof  and  hereby  and other words of similar import used in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any
particular section hereof.    ARTICLE II  
 AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND; GUARANTEE  
 SECTION 2.1.  Agreement to be Bound . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby becomes a party to the Indenture as a Guarantor and as such will
have all of the rights and be subject to all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture.    SECTION 2.2.
 Guarantee . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees, on a joint and several basis with all the existing Guarantors, to fully, unconditionally and irrevocably Guarantee to each Holder of the Notes and the Trustee the Guaranteed Obligations pursuant
to Article X of the Indenture on a senior basis.    ARTICLE III  
 MISCELLANEOUS    SECTION 3.1.
 Notices . All notices and other communications to the Guarantor shall be given as provided in the Indenture to the Guarantor, at the address set forth in the Indenture.  

SECTION 3.2.  Merger and Consolidation . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall not sell or
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into another Person (other than the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor or becomes a Guarantor concurrently with the
transaction) except in accordance with Section 4.1(f) of the Indenture.    SECTION 3.3.  Release of Guarantee . This Guarantee
shall be released in accordance with Section 10.2 of the Indenture.    SECTION 3.4.  Parties . Nothing expressed or mentioned
herein is intended or shall be construed to give any Person, firm or corporation, other than the Holders and the Trustee, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Supplemental Indenture or the Indenture or any
provision herein or therein contained.    SECTION 3.5.  Governing Law . This Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.    SECTION 3.6.  Severability . In case any provision in this Supplemental
Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability.    SECTION 3.7.  Benefits Acknowledged . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary s Guarantee is
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture
and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to this Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.    SECTION
3.8.  Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full
force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
 SECTION 3.9.  The Trustee . The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental
Indenture or with respect to the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the other parties hereto.    SECTION
3.10.  Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental
Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all
purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.  
 SECTION 3.11.  Execution and Delivery . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect
notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of any such Guarantee.    SECTION 3.12.  Headings . The headings of the
Articles and the Sections in this Supplemental Indenture are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the date first above written.       

INFOR (US), INC.   

By: 
   
 /s/ Gregory M. Giangiordano  

Name: Gregory M. Giangiordano   Title:
President   

STARMOUNT, INC.,    as a
Guarantor    

By: 
   
 /s/ Gregory M. Giangiordano  

Name: Gregory M. Giangiordano  

Title: President  

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  
 as Trustee   

By: 
   
 /s/ Jane Y. Schweiger  

Name: Jane Y. Schweiger   Title: Vice
President   
 
   [Signature Page to the First Supplemental Indenture]   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 d243006dex102.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2   
  First Supplemental Indenture   
 FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, (this   Supplemental Indenture  ) dated as of October 12, 2016, by and among Starmount, Inc.
(the   Guaranteeing Subsidiary  ), Infor (US), Inc. (the   Issuer  ) and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent under the Indenture referred to below.  
  W   I   T   N   E   S   S   E   T   H :  
 WHEREAS, each of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent have heretofore executed and delivered an indenture
dated as of August 25, 2015 (as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the   Indenture  ), providing for the issuance of the Issuer s 5.750% First Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the
  Notes      WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and
deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee, on a joint and several basis with the other Guarantors, all of the Issuer s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on
the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the   Guarantee   and    WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 9.1 of the Indenture, the Issuer and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture to amend or supplement the Indenture, without the consent of any Holder;  
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged,
the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, the Issuer and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
 ARTICLE I    DEFINITIONS  
 SECTION 1.1.  Defined Terms . As used in this Supplemental Indenture, terms defined in the Indenture or in the preamble or recitals
hereto are used herein as therein defined. The words  herein,   hereof  and  hereby  and other words of similar import used in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any
particular section hereof.    ARTICLE II  
 AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND; GUARANTEE  
 SECTION 2.1.  Agreement to be Bound . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby becomes a party to the Indenture as a Guarantor and as such will
have all of the rights and be subject to all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture.    SECTION 2.2.
 Guarantee . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees, on a joint and several basis with all the existing Guarantors, to fully, unconditionally and irrevocably Guarantee to each Holder of the Notes and the Trustee the Guaranteed Obligations pursuant
to Article X of the Indenture on a senior basis.    ARTICLE III  
 MISCELLANEOUS    SECTION 3.1.
 Notices . All notices and other communications to the Guarantor shall be given as provided in the Indenture to the Guarantor, at the address set forth in the Indenture.  

SECTION 3.2.  Merger and Consolidation . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall not sell or
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with or merge with or into another Person (other than the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor or becomes a Guarantor concurrently with the
transaction) except in accordance with Section 4.1(f) of the Indenture.    SECTION 3.3.  Release of Guarantee . This Guarantee
shall be released in accordance with Section 10.2 of the Indenture.    SECTION 3.4.  Parties . Nothing expressed or mentioned
herein is intended or shall be construed to give any Person, firm or corporation, other than the Holders and the Trustee, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Supplemental Indenture or the Indenture or any
provision herein or therein contained.    SECTION 3.5.  Governing Law . This Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.    SECTION 3.6.  Severability . In case any provision in this Supplemental
Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability.    SECTION 3.7.  Benefits Acknowledged . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary s Guarantee is
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture
and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to this Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.    SECTION
3.8.  Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full
force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.  
 SECTION 3.9.  The Trustee . The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental
Indenture or with respect to the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the other parties hereto.    SECTION
3.10.  Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental
Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all
purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.  
 SECTION 3.11.  Execution and Delivery . The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect
notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of any such Guarantee.    SECTION 3.12.  Headings . The headings of the
Articles and the Sections in this Supplemental Indenture are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the date first above written.       

INFOR (US), INC.   

By: 
   
 /s/ Gregory M. Giangiordano  

Name: Gregory M. Giangiordano  

Title: President  

STARMOUNT, INC.,    as a
Guarantor   

By: 
   
 /s/ Gregory M. Giangiordano  

Name: Gregory M. Giangiordano  

Title: President  

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  
 as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent   

By: 
   
 /s/ Jane Y. Schweiger  

Name: Jane Y. Schweiger  

Title: Vice President  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d243006dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1  
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer  
 I, Charles E. Phillips, Jr., certify that:     

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Infor, Inc.;       

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;       

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;       

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:       

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;       

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control and financial reporting; and       

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):       

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and       

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 9, 2016 

/s/ CHARLES E. PHILLIPS, JR.   

Charles E. Phillips, Jr.  

Chief Executive Officer and Director   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d243006dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2  
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer  
 I, Kevin Samuelson, certify that:     

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Infor, Inc.;       

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;       

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;       

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:       

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;       

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control and financial reporting; and       

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):       

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and       

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 9, 2016 

/s/ KEVIN SAMUELSON   

Kevin Samuelson  

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d243006dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the quarterly report of Infor, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Charles E. Phillips, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:     

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and       

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: December 9, 2016 

/s/ CHARLES E. PHILLIPS, JR.   

Charles E. Phillips, Jr.    

Chief Executive Officer and Director    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 d243006dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the quarterly report of Infor, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Kevin Samuelson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:     

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and       

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: December 9, 2016 

/s/ KEVIN SAMUELSON   

Kevin Samuelson  

Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 infor-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 infor-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 infor-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 infor-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 infor-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 infor-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

