<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161020_10-K_edgar_data_860518_0001144204-16-128738_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4849042</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>180710</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>275329</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1240561</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2102026</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>933172</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>100</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-128738.hdr.sgml : 20161020
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161020143954
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-128738
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161020
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ITEX CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000860518
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				930922994
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18275
		FILM NUMBER:		161944224

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3326 160TH AVE SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98008-6418
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-463-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3326 160TH AVE SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98008-6418

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ITEX CORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ITEX BARTER SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-128738.txt : 20161020

10-K
 1
 v449971_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES   

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D. C.    20549  

FORM 10
- K   

(Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.   

 or 

For the transition period from                                            to                                             

Commission File Number 0-18275  

ITEX CORPORATION  

 (Name of small business issuer in its charter) 

Nevada   
         
       93-0922994    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of   
     incorporation or organization)  
       
      (IRS Employer  
     Identification No.)   

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s telephone number including
area code) 

Securities registered
    under Section 12 (b) of the Exchange Act    
      None   

Securities
    registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Exchange Act  
      Common Stock (par value $0.01); 
         Rights to Purchase Series A Junior Participating Preferred
        Stock (par value $0.01)   

Indicate
    by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act  

Yes      No       
 
      Indicate
    by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act  

Yes      No       
 
      Indicate
    by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
    Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
    to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
       
      Yes      No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
      Yes
     No       
 
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
        filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
        of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
        of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K 
     Yes      No      
 
      Indicate
    by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
    reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer 
    and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer         
         Non-accelerated filer 
             
      Accelerated filer          
         Smaller Reporting Company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
        shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   

Yes      No       

The aggregate market value of the common
stock held by non-affiliates of the Company as of January 31, 2016 was approximately $3,525,232 based upon 1,068,252 shares held
by such persons and the closing bid price of $3.30 as reported by the OTC Marketplace. Shares of common stock held by each officer
and director and by each person who owns 10.0% or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded because these people
may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other
purpose. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had 2,081,083
shares of common stock outstanding (including unvested restricted stock). 

ITEX CORPORATION  

FORM 10-K   

For The Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2016  

INDEX   

Page   
 
        PART I    

ITEM 1.  
       
       Business   
       
      1   
 
      ITEM 1A.  
       
       Risk Factors   
       
      6   
 
      ITEM 1B.  
       
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
       
      16   
 
      ITEM 2.  
       
       Properties   
       
      16   
 
      ITEM 3.  
       
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      16   
 
      ITEM 4.  
       
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      16   

PART II    

ITEM 5.  
       
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
       
      17   
 
      ITEM 6.  
       
       Selected Financial Data   
       
      18   
 
      ITEM 7.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      18   
 
      ITEM 7A.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      30   
 
      ITEM 8.  
       
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
       
      31   
 
      ITEM 9.  
       
       Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
       
      55   
 
      ITEM 9A.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
       
      55   
 
      ITEM 9B.  
       
       Other Information   
       
      56   

PART III    

ITEM 10.  
       
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
       
      57   
 
      ITEM 11.  
       
       Executive Compensation   
       
      57   
 
      ITEM 12.  
       
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
       
      57   
 
      ITEM 13.  
       
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
       
      58   
 
      ITEM 14.  
       
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   
       
      58   

PART IV    

ITEM 15.  
       
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   
       
      58   

Signatures   
       
      60   

ii     

PART I  

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

In addition to current and historical information,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to our future operations, prospects,
potential products, services, developments, business strategies or our future financial performance. These statements are presented
in thousands, except per share amounts, unless otherwise indicated. 

Forward-looking statements reflect our
expectations and assumptions only as of the date of this report and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results
may differ materially. We have included a discussion of certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events
to differ materially from our forward-looking statements in the section entitled   Risk Factors  (refer to Part I Item 1A) . We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement after the date of this report,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

ITEM 1.    BUSINESS  

Overview   

ITEX Corporation operates a marketplace
(the  Marketplace ) in which products and services are exchanged by Marketplace members utilizing ITEX dollars ( ITEX
dollars ). ITEX dollars are only usable in the Marketplace and allows thousands of member businesses (our  members )
to acquire products and services without exchanging cash. We service our member businesses through our independent licensed brokers
and franchise network (individually,  broker  and together, the  Broker Network ) in the United States
and Canada. We administer the Marketplace and provide record-keeping and payment transaction processing services for our members.
We generate revenue by charging members percentage-based transaction fees, association fees, and other fees assessed in United
States dollars and Canadian dollars where applicable (collectively and as reported on our financial statements,  USD 
or  Cash ). 

We
make available free of charge on our website, www.itex.com, our reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) as soon as reasonably practicable after we file this material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or
furnish to the SEC.  

Marketplace Transactions  

The Marketplace provides a forum for our
members to purchase from and sell their products and services to other members using ITEX dollars instead of USD. An ITEX dollar
is an accounting unit used to record the value of transactions as determined by the members in the Marketplace. ITEX dollars are
not intended to constitute legal tender, securities, or commodities and have no readily determinable correlation to USD. ITEX
dollars may only be used in the manner and for the purpose set forth in our Member Agreement and the rules of the Marketplace. 

Businesses use our Marketplace to attract
new customers, increase sales and to utilize unproductive assets, surplus inventory, or excess capacity. The Marketplace is especially
useful to businesses where the variable costs of products or services are low, such as hospitality, media, and service related
businesses. 

For tax purposes, the Internal Revenue
Service ( IRS ) considers ITEX dollar sales to be equivalent to USD sales and ITEX dollar expenses to be equivalent
to USD expenses. As a third-party record keeper under the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), ITEX is required
to annually send Forms 1099-B to each of our members and to the IRS, which we do electronically. The Form 1099-B reflects the
member s total ITEX dollar sales for the calendar year less the amount of any returns. Form 1099-B recipients are required
to recognize ITEX dollars received (sales) as gross income on their tax returns, while expenditures of ITEX dollars may qualify
as deductible business expenses or as other deductions that are permitted by the Internal Revenue Code. 

Broker Network  

Brokers are independent contractors with
respect to the Company. Our corporate staff, brokers and their staff, and outside contractors support the Marketplace. Because
we depend on a high rate of repeat business, the quality of broker interactions with members is an important element of our business
strategy. We develop strong, cooperative relationships with our Broker Network by providing training, marketing materials and
programs, internet and computer-related support, incentive programs, and investments in customer relationship management technology. 

Our brokers provide Marketplace members
with information about products and services that are available locally, nationally and in Canada. Brokers are responsible for
enrolling new members, training them in Marketplace policies and procedures, facilitating their transactions and assuring payment
in USD of transaction fees, association fees and other fees to us. In turn, brokers receive a commission in USD for a percentage
of revenue collected from the members serviced by those brokers. 

Our franchise agreements and independent
licensed broker contracts generally provide for a five-year, renewable term unless terminated for reasons defined in the agreement. 

We offer the sale of ITEX franchises to
qualified individuals under our most current franchise agreement which we periodically amend as current events and circumstances
deem necessary. Through our franchisees, we distribute our services by licensing our business ideas and concepts while retaining
legal ownership of those concepts and ideas, including our name, logos, trademarks and member relationships. Our franchise agreement
grants a limited license and right to use and operate a recognizable ITEX outlet to the franchisee by utilizing our business system,
technology and proprietary marks. 

The franchise agreement sets forth the
obligations and responsibilities of the franchisee and provides certain protections to which franchisees are entitled to under
federal and state franchise and business opportunity laws. See  Government Regulation.  

Sources of Revenue   

For each calendar year,
we divide our operations into 13 four-week billing and commission cycles always ending on a Thursday ( operating cycle ).
For financial statement purposes, our fiscal year is from August 1 to July 31 ( year ,  2016  for August
1, 2015 to July 31, 2016,  2015  for August 1, 2014 to July 31, 2015). We report our results as of the last day of
each calendar month ( accounting cycle ). 

Our main sources of revenue are transaction
and association fees. Additionally, we may charge various auxiliary fees to members, such as annual membership dues, late fees,
insufficient fund fees and other fees. The fees we charge members are in USD and partially in ITEX dollars. We bill members for
all fees at the end of each operating cycle. Members have the option of paying USD fees automatically by credit card, by electronic
funds transfer or by check. In the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, members made approximately 95% of their payments through electronic
funds transfer, by credit cards and using our Preferred Member Autopay System ( Autopay System ). Members that pay
through our Autopay System will generally be charged a USD transaction fee equal to 6.0% of the ITEX dollar amount of the member s
purchases and sales during the operating cycle. If paying by check, generally, the USD transaction fee is 7.5%. Additionally,
regardless of a member s transaction activity, each operating cycle we charge most members an association fee of $20 USD
($260 USD annually) and $10 ITEX dollars ($130 ITEX dollars annually). Transaction and association fees composed 96% of our total
revenue in 2016 and 2015. 

We prepare our financial statements on
an accrual basis in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). Refer to  Note 1    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  included in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , Item 8   Financial Statements  for a description of our accounting policies. 

Business Strategy   

We seek to increase the number of members
participating in our Marketplace and our revenues by providing members: 

o     An
                                         efficient method to execute and track transactions in the Marketplace .  We have
                                         developed a comprehensive, customer relationship management and payment processing software
                                         called Trade Exchange Account Manager  TEAM.  This software solution provides
                                         members, brokers and our management team with enhanced information systems and marketing
                                         tools. We continue to upgrade and enhance TEAM.   

o     A
                                         community where members can interact and safely transact business with other members .
                                          Our website conveys to members the variety of businesses that comprise the Marketplace
                                         and the benefits that come with their participation. Our Broker Network and corporate
                                         staff seek to maintain a fair and equitable environment for our members. Members may
                                         sell in the Marketplace only those products and services they have the legal right to
                                         sell.   

o     More
                                         coverage by increasing the size and effectiveness of our Broker Network  . We seek
                                         to attract new franchisees in order to increase the trade regions covered by the Marketplace.
                                         A portion of our website at  www.itex.com  provides information about our franchise
                                         program, in which we identify target markets, and provides detail about our company and
                                         business model.   

o     Excellent
                                         customer service by the Broker Network and our corporate staff .  We provide training
                                         and support for brokers and refine our operating manuals and related support materials
                                         on an ongoing basis to better service our members. Additionally, we hold a national convention
                                         and regional meetings each year in which we discuss and openly share solutions for current
                                         issues and plan future enhancements to and benefits for the Marketplace.   

o     Social
                                         media presence .  We utilize social media to create and enhance relationships with
                                         and for our members, facilitate transactions, as well as to attract new members to our
                                         Marketplace. We are on several of the leading social media websites, including Facebook,
                                         YouTube, LinkedIn, Google+ and Twitter.   

o     Smart
                                         Phone technology.   ITEX Mobile SM  enables our members to easily register
                                         new prospects in the Marketplace; complete a transaction with ITEXpay SM ; search
                                         for other members with ITEXmap SM and  to make payments to us.   

Members  

Our members are located in the United States
and Canada. The majority of members are businesses with fewer than 10 employees. Members may choose to participate in the Marketplace
for a number of reasons including to: 

Attract new
                                         customers   

Increase sales   

Add new channels
                                         of distribution   

Utilize unproductive
                                         assets, surplus inventory or excess capacity   

Sales, Marketing and Transactions  

The primary function of new member enrollment
is to grow the Marketplace member base, increase transactional opportunities and generate additional revenue. We provide marketing
and support materials, ongoing training, and promotion to assist our Broker Network in expanding the member base. Our brokers
contact prospective members to market the benefits of joining the Marketplace. In addition, brokers obtain new members by attending
networking events in their areas and through the referrals of existing members. We offer a Member Incentive Program that provides
discounted association fees to existing members that invite new qualified members to the Marketplace. 

Our marketing strategy is to promote our
Marketplace and attract new members while instructing them how to effectively use the Marketplace to grow their business. To promote
the Marketplace and the ITEX brand, we market products and services of existing members through our website, directories, newsletters,
e-mail, social media and other means. 

Brokers facilitate transactions between
members by identifying their needs and making them aware of products and services available in the Marketplace that could fulfill
those needs. Members can also log onto our website and initiate product or service listings on the Marketplace or search for products
or services to purchase. Reoccurring transactions often develop between Marketplace members, generating transaction fees with
less interaction by brokers. 

Systems and Technologies  

The Marketplace is handled by TEAM. We
designed TEAM to facilitate the activities of all parties involved in the Marketplace, from our corporate management and accounting
personnel to brokers and members. The system extends well beyond record keeping and transaction processing. The major features
of the system are as follows: 

Account Information
                                         Manager ( AIM ) Online - provides our brokers and corporate staff with customer
                                         relationship management tools.   

Marketplace
                                         - an online classified ad section where members can list products and services they are
                                         offering for sale as well as locate products and services they are seeking to purchase.   

Member Directory
                                         - a categorized listing of members.   

ITEX Mobile SM
                                          - enables our members to easily register new prospects into our Marketplace, complete
                                         a transaction, search for other members, and make payments to us.   

Reporting provides
                                         a number of reports allowing for a comprehensive analysis of various aspects of the Marketplace.   

We take a number of measures to ensure
the security of our hardware and software systems and member information. We enhance our systems for data management and protection,
intrusion detection and prevention, upgrade our network architecture, and to expand our disaster recovery processing capacity.
Our technologies are co-hosted at our corporate office and a secure data center located in Bellevue, Washington and we perform
back-ups daily. We continue to improve the speed and reliability of our information systems and transaction tools. 

Industry Overview   

Our industry was developed in 1960 when
our wholly-owned subsidiary BXI Exchange, Inc. established a non USD-based index of valuation for credits and debits called  trade
dollars.  For us, the index of valuation is the ITEX dollar and our trade exchange is our Marketplace, consisting of thousands
of members served by our Broker Network. In 2011 we conducted an informal market analysis to determine the size of our industry
composed of various trade exchanges ( Exchanges ), contacting hundreds of Exchanges across the United States. Based
on our information, we estimated the industry size to consist of approximately 300 exchange locations servicing 90,000 members,
generating $680 million in gross merchandise value (GMV) transactions and $56 million in revenues. 

Competition  

We encounter significant competition in
our efforts to develop our Marketplace. Our competitors include internet distribution channels and local Exchanges. Based on reported
USD revenues, participating member businesses and regions served, we believe that we are the Exchange leader in the United States
and Canada. 

Internet distribution channel competitors
include well-known companies such as eBay, Travelocity, Priceline, Amazon and Overstock. Similar to our Marketplace, these companies
provide distribution channels to move excess or surplus inventory. We currently and potentially compete with a wide variety of
online and offline companies providing products and services to consumers and merchants, including big box stores such as Best
Buy, Costco and Sam s Club. In addition, the internet and mobile networks provide new, rapidly evolving and intensely competitive
channels for the sale of all types of products and services. The greater the number of avenues to move excess inventory or products
and services, the more competitive it is to attract businesses to trade their inventory in our Marketplace. We also compete with
these companies with respect to price, ease of use and brand name awareness. 

We compete with other Exchanges primarily
on a service basis, the number of products and services available in the Marketplace and the liquidity of ITEX dollars. In addition
to existing Exchanges, new competitors could launch new Exchanges. For more information regarding these competition risks, see
the information in  Risk Factors  under the caption   Substantial and increasing competition from the ecommerce
industry, exchanges and other distribution channels may adversely affect our overall business, revenues and results of operations.   

Government Regulation  

Government regulation impacts several key aspects of our business
and regulatory changes have potential to further affect our industry. In particular, we are subject to laws and regulations that
govern relationships with our franchisees, transaction reporting and the management of member information. For more information
regarding these risks, see the information in  Item 1A: Risk Factors.  

Intellectual Property  

We rely on
a combination of copyright and trademark laws, trade secrets, software security measures, franchise and license agreements and
nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. We pursue the registration of our domain names, copyrights, trademarks
and service marks in the U.S.   We seek to protect our intellectual property rights and other
proprietary rights, a process that is expensive and time consuming, may require litigation and may not be successful. If we are
unable to register or protect our trademarks or domain names, we could be adversely affected in any jurisdiction in which our
trademarks or domain names are not registered or protected.  

Employees  

As of July 31, 2016, we had 13 full-time
or part-time employees. From time to time, we utilize independent consultants or contractors for additional support. 

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS  

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
statements that are forward-looking such as estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and
expected operating results. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties.
All statements that express expectations and projections with respect to future matters may be affected by changes in our strategic
direction, as well as developments beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our expectations will necessarily come to pass.
Actual results could differ materially because of issues and uncertainties such as those listed below, in the section entitled
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Part II Item 7 
and elsewhere in this report. These factors, among others, may adversely impact and impair our business and should be considered
in evaluating our financial outlook. 

Our revenue growth and success is tied to the operations
of our Broker Network, and as a result the loss of our brokers or the financial performance of our brokers can negatively impact
our business   

Our financial success primarily depends
on our brokers and the manner in which they operate and develop their offices. We depend on the ability of our brokers to enroll
new members, train them in the use of the Marketplace, grow our transactional volume by facilitating business among members, manage
member relationships, provide members with information about ITEX products and services, and assure the payment of our fees. Brokers
are independently owned and operated and have a contractual relationship with ITEX, typically for a renewable five-year term.
Our inability to renew a significant portion of these agreements on terms satisfactory to our brokers and us could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our brokers may not be successful in increasing
the level of revenues generated compared to prior years, or even sustaining their own business activities, which depends on many
factors, including providing excellent customer service, proactively engaging members with transaction opportunities, industry
trends, the strength of the local economy, the success of their marketing activities, control of expense levels, the employment
and management of personnel, and being able to secure adequate financing to operate their businesses. There can be no assurance
that our brokers will be successful in adding members or increasing the volume of transactions through the Marketplace, or that
if they do not renew their agreements or terminate operations we will be able to attract new brokers at rates sufficient to maintain
a stable or growing revenue base. If our brokers are unsuccessful in generating revenue, enrolling new members to equalize the
attrition of members leaving the Marketplace, or if a significant number of brokers become financially distressed and terminate
operations, our revenues could be reduced and our business operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely
affected. 

Future revenue growth remains uncertain and our operating
results and profitability may decline    

Marketplace revenue decreased 8% for the
year ended July 31, 2016, compared to the previous year ended July 31, 2015 and decreased 11% for the year ended July 31, 2015
compared to the same period ended July 31, 2014. Although we seek to increase revenues through organic growth and the development
of new revenue streams, we cannot assure you that our revenues will increase in future quarters or future years. We may be unable
to add revenue through acquisitions, either because of the absence of acquisition candidates, lack of financing, or unacceptable
terms. We have approximately 33% recurring revenues. We do not have an order backlog, and approximately 63% of our revenues each
quarter come from variable transaction fees computed as a percentage of the ITEX dollar value of the transactions occurring during
that quarter. 

We cannot assure you that we can continue
to be operated profitably, which depends on many factors, including, our success in expanding our member base, the control of
our expense levels, and the success of our business activities. We may make investments in marketing, broker and member support,
technology and further development of our operating infrastructure which entail long-term commitments. Our industry as a whole
may be adversely affected by industry trends, economic factors and new regulations. Despite our efforts to expand our revenues,
we may not be successful. We experience a certain amount of attrition from members leaving the Marketplace. If new member enrollments
do not continue or are insufficient to offset attrition, we will increasingly need to focus on keeping existing members active
and increasing their activity level in order to maintain or grow our business. We cannot assure you that this strategy would be
successful to offset declining revenues or profits. 

Substantial and increasing competition from the ecommerce
industry, exchanges and other distribution channels may adversely affect our overall business, revenues and results of operations   

We encounter significant competition in
our efforts to develop our Marketplace. Our competitors include internet distribution channels and local Exchanges. Internet distribution
channel competitors include well-known companies such as eBay, Travelocity, Priceline, Amazon and Overstock. Similar to our Marketplace,
these companies provide distribution channels to move excess or surplus inventory. We currently and potentially compete with a
wide variety of online and offline companies providing products and services to consumers and merchants, including big box stores.
The internet and mobile networks provide new, rapidly evolving and intensely competitive channels for the sale of all types of
products and services. The greater the number of avenues to move excess inventory or products and services, the more competitive
it is to attract businesses to trade their inventory in our Marketplace. We also compete with these companies with respect to
price, ease of use and brand name awareness. 

We compete with other Exchanges primarily
on a service basis, the number of products and services available in the Marketplace and the liquidity of ITEX dollars. In addition
to existing Exchanges, new competitors could launch new Exchanges at a relatively low cost since technological and financial barriers
to entry are relatively low. Businesses can readily launch online sites or mobile platforms and applications at nominal cost by
using commercially available software. Potential competitors undertaking this effort could include companies with longer operating
histories, greater market presence and name recognition, larger customer bases and greater financial, technical and marketing
resources than we have. 

Our ability to compete successfully will
depend on our ability to enhance and improve our existing services, adapt to current technologies, and to continually improve
our operating efficiencies. Our competitors may develop competing exchanges, distribution channels, technologies, products or
strategic alliances and affiliations that make our brand, products and services less marketable or less useful or desirable. Increased
competition could result in erosion of our market share, and adversely affect our revenues, business operating results and financial
condition. 

Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is subject
to the discretion of our Board of Directors and may be limited by our lack of liquidity or access to capital.   

Our dividend policy is subject to the discretion
of our Board of Directors and depends upon a number of factors, including our earnings, financial condition, cash and capital
needs and general economic or business conditions. Although we are currently declaring cash dividends on our common stock as a
way to return value to our stockholders, we are not required to do so and we cannot assure you that we will continue to pay dividends
in the future. If liquidity from our cash flow is inadequate or unavailable, we may be required to scale back or eliminate the
dividends we pay to our stockholders. Any reduction of, or the elimination of, our common stock dividend in the future could adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards
to offset future taxable income would be limited if we do not generate sufficient taxable income or if an ownership change occurs,
which would negatively impact our results of operations and stockholders  equity   

As of July 31, 2016, we reported a consolidated
federal net operating loss ( NOL ) carryforward and deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowances, of $2,634, which
represents approximately 30% of our total assets. The use of our NOL carryforwards is subject to uncertainty because, in addition
to the factors discussed below, it is dependent upon the amount of taxable income we generate. In the fourth quarter of 2016,
we recorded a deferred tax asset valuation allowance of $866. The valuation allowance was the result of a sustained decline in
our revenue and our projected continued decline in future growth rates and profitability levels. There can be no assurance that
we will have sufficient taxable income, if any, in future years to use the net operating loss carryforwards before they expire.
If we have uncertainties surrounding our ability to continue to generate future taxable income to realize these tax assets, a
valuation allowance will be established to offset our deferred tax assets. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred
tax assets when it is more likely than not (greater than 50%) that a tax benefit will not be realized. 

Additionally, the future utilization of
our NOL carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes
that could occur in the future. Federal and state tax laws impose restrictions on the utilization of NOL and tax credit carryforwards
in the event of an  ownership change  as defined by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Generally, an ownership change occurs if the percentage of the value of the stock that is owned in the aggregate by our direct
or indirect  five percent shareholders  increases by more than 50% over their lowest ownership percentage at any time
during any three-year testing period. Future changes in our stock ownership, which may be outside of our control, may trigger
an  ownership change.  In addition, future equity offerings or acquisitions that have equity as a component of the
purchase price could result in an  ownership change.  If an  ownership change  has occurred or does occur
in the future, utilization of the NOL carryforwards or other tax attributes may be limited, which could potentially result in
increased future tax liability to us and cause us to pay U.S. federal income taxes earlier than we otherwise would, adversely
affecting our future cash flow. The additional write off of NOL carryforward tax benefits would also negatively affect our net
earnings and reduce stockholders  equity. 

We may be required to record a further charge to earnings
as a result of impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, which could have a negative impact on stockholders  equity    

In the fourth quarter of 2016, we recorded
a $1,750 impairment in goodwill resulting in a reduction of our total assets, net income and stockholders  equity. The impairment
loss was the result of a sustained decline in our revenue and our projected continued decline in future growth rates and profitability
levels together with a reduction of our total assets. Since 2011, we have returned approximately $12,000 to stockholders in the
form of dividends and stock buybacks, which has reduced our net asset base. We have remaining goodwill of $1,441 and net other
intangible assets of $48 as of July 31, 2016, which represents approximately 17% of our total assets. Goodwill represents the excess
of cost over the fair value of identified net assets acquired. We review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when
events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For example, lower projected operating results
reflect changes in assumptions related to revenue initiatives, organic revenue growth rates, market trends, cost structure, and
other expectations about the anticipated short-term and long-term operating results. We may be required to record a significant
charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible
assets is determined, which would reduce earnings in such period, and reduce stockholders  equity. 

Our brokers could take actions that could harm our business,
our reputation and adversely affect the ITEX Marketplace    

Our agreements with our brokers require
that they understand and comply with all laws and regulations applicable to their businesses, and operate in compliance with our
Marketplace Rules. Brokers are independently owned and operated and are not our employees, partners, or affiliates. We set forth
operational standards and guidelines; however, we have limited control over how our broker businesses are run. Our brokers have
individual business strategies and objectives, and may not operate their offices in a manner consistent with our philosophy and
standards. We cannot assure that our brokers will avoid actions that adversely affect the reputation of ITEX or the Marketplace.
Improper activity stemming from one broker can generate negative publicity which could adversely affect our entire Broker Network
and the Marketplace. Our image and reputation and the image and reputation of other brokers may suffer materially, and system-wide
sales could significantly decline if our brokers do not operate their businesses according to our standards. While we ultimately
can take action to terminate brokers that do not comply with the standards contained in our agreements, and even though we may
implement compliance and monitoring functions, we may not be able to identify problems and take action quickly enough and, as a
result, our image and reputation may suffer, causing our revenues or profitability to decline. Further, the success and growth
of our Broker Network depends on our maintaining a satisfactory working relationship with our existing brokers and attracting new
brokers to our network. Lawsuits and other disputes with our brokers could discourage our brokers from expanding their business
or lead to negative publicity, which could discourage new brokers from entering our network or existing brokers from renewing their
agreements, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Stockholders or investors may attempt to effect changes
or acquire control over our business, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.   

During the past several years, U.S. companies
have seen an increasing level of insurgent campaigns, proxy solicitations, and shareholder derivative actions or other attempts
to acquire control of companies or effect operational changes. In recent years, we have been the subject of two proxy contests
seeking control of our board of directors, as well as a related lawsuit. We cannot assure you that we will not be subject to further
proxy contests, litigation or other activity or demands in the future. If we are, such activity or demands could harm the Company
because: 

Responding to proxy contests, litigation and other actions by dissident shareholders could interfere with our ability to execute
our strategic plan, disrupt our operations, be costly and time-consuming, and divert the attention of our management and employees
from the pursuit of business strategies;   

Perceived uncertainties as to our future direction diverts the attention of, damages morale and creates instability among members
of our Broker Network, and adversely impact our existing and potential strategic and operational relationships and opportunities;   

We may experience difficulties in hiring, retaining and motivating personnel during the resulting uncertain and turbulent times;   

We would experience substantial increases in legal fees, insurance, administrative and associated costs incurred in connection
with responding to proxy contests and related litigation;   

A change in the composition of the Board of Directors could result in additional compensation charges and other expenses, including
reimbursement of proxy or takeover expenses; and may not produce an effective business strategy or create additional value for
stockholders.   

Failure to deal effectively with member disputes could
result in costly litigation, damage our reputation and harm our business    

ITEX faces risks with respect to transactional
disputes between members of the Marketplace. While ITEX does, in some cases, as part of its transaction dispute resolution process,
reverse transactions, reduce or eliminate credit lines, suspend accounts, or take other measures with members who fail to fulfill
their payment or delivery obligations to other members, the determination as to whether a transaction is reversed or how to resolve
a specific dispute is made by ITEX in its sole discretion. Measures we may take to resolve transactional disputes or combat risks
of fraud have the potential to damage relations with our members or brokers or decrease transactional activity in the Marketplace
by restricting the activities of certain members. Furthermore, negative publicity and member sentiment generated as a result of
member complaints or fraudulent or deceptive conduct by members of our Marketplace could damage our reputation, or reduce our ability
to attract new members or retain our current members. 

We occasionally receive communications from
members requesting reimbursement or threatening or commencing legal action against us if no reimbursement is made. In addition,
because we service our member businesses through our Broker Network, we are subject to claims and could potentially be found liable
for the conduct of our brokers in a situation where that broker has caused injury to a member. Litigation involving disputes between
members and liability for broker actions could be costly and time consuming for us, divert management attention, result in increased
costs of doing business, lead to adverse judgments, or otherwise harm our business. In addition, affected members may complain
to regulatory agencies that could take action against us, including imposing fines or seeking injunctions. 

We may be held responsible by members, third parties,
regulators or courts for the actions of, or failures to act by, our brokers or their employees, which exposes us to possible adverse
judgments, other liabilities and negative publicity    

From time to time we are subject to claims
for the conduct of our brokers in situations where a broker is alleged to have caused injury to a member as a result of a transaction
in the Marketplace. Third parties, regulators or courts may seek to hold us responsible for the actions or failures to act by our
brokers or their employees. The failure to comply with laws and regulations by our brokers, or litigation involving potential liability
for broker activities could be costly and time consuming for us, divert management attention, result in increased costs of doing
business, lead to adverse judgments, expose us to possible fines and negative publicity, or otherwise harm our business. 

Our business is subject to government regulation and future
regulation or regulatory changes may increase the cost of compliance and doing business   

We are subject to various federal, state
and local laws, regulations and administrative practices affecting our businesses. These include the requirement to obtain business
licenses, withhold taxes, remit matching contributions for our employees  social security accounts, and other such legal
requirements, regulations and administrative practices required of businesses in general. We are a third party record-keeper under
the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act ( TEFRA ) and accordingly, we account for and report annually to the IRS
the total ITEX dollar sales transactions, net of any returns, of each member in our Marketplace. Under the Federal Trade Commission
Act and state franchise and business opportunity laws, our franchisees are entitled to certain protections including mandatory
disclosures and the provision that many of the substantive aspects of the business relationship (i.e., termination, transfer, cancellation,
and non-renewal) will be governed by state law. An adverse finding in one or more of these business relationship aspects could
govern the enforceability of our franchise agreements or permit the recovery of damages and penalties which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition. 

In addition, we are currently or potentially
subject to laws and regulations affecting our operations in a number of other areas, including data privacy requirements, intellectual
property ownership and infringement, prohibited items and stolen goods, digital content, promotions, virtual currency, taxes, as
well as laws and regulations intended to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities. With respect to our
online and mobile operations, it is not always clear how certain laws and regulations apply to our business. Many of these laws
were adopted prior to the advent of the internet, mobile, and related technologies and, as a result, are subject to interpretation
by the courts on an ongoing basis. We cannot predict the impact, if any, that future internet-related regulation or regulatory
changes might have on our business. Compliance with these laws, regulations, and similar requirements may be onerous and expensive,
and variances and inconsistencies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction may further increase the cost of compliance and doing business.
Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation, could
individually or in the aggregate make our services less attractive to our members, delay the introduction of new products or services
in one or more regions, or cause us to change or limit our business practices. We implement policies and procedures designed to
ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our employees or brokers will not violate
these laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. 

Use of our services for illegal purposes could damage
our reputation and harm our business    

Our members, typically small businesses,
actively market products and services through the Marketplace and our website. We may be unable to prevent our members from selling
unlawful or stolen goods or unlawful services, or selling goods or services in an unlawful manner, and we could be subject to allegations
of civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities carried out by members through our services. It is possible that third parties,
including government regulators and law enforcement officials, could allege that our services aid and abet certain violations of
certain laws, for example, laws regarding the sale of counterfeit items, the fencing of stolen goods, selective distribution channel
laws, and the sale of items outside of the U.S. that are regulated by U.S. export controls. 

Although we have prohibited the listing
of illegal products and services and implemented other protective measures, we may be required to spend substantial resources to
take additional protective measures or discontinue certain service offerings, any of which could harm our business. Any costs incurred
as a result of potential liability relating to the alleged or actual sale of unlawful goods or services could harm our business.
In addition, negative media publicity relating to the listing or sale of unlawful goods and stolen goods using our services could
damage our reputation, diminish the value of our brand, and make members reluctant to use our services. 

Recent changes in law have increased the
penalties for intermediaries providing payment services for certain illegal activities. Despite measures taken by ITEX as administrator
and as transaction processor and record-keeper to detect and lessen the risk of this kind of conduct, illegal activities could
still be funded using ITEX dollars. Any resulting claims or liabilities could harm our business. 

Our business is subject to online security risks, including
security breaches and identity theft   

We host confidential information as part
of our client relationship management and transactional processing platform. Our security measures may not detect or prevent security
breaches that could harm our business. Currently, a significant number of our members authorize us to bill their credit card or
bank accounts directly for fees charged by us. We take a number of measures to ensure the security of our hardware and software
systems and member and client information. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other
developments may result in the technology used by us to protect transaction data being breached or compromised. Many companies
have been the subject of sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on portions of their websites. In addition, any party who is
able to illicitly obtain a members  password could access the members  transaction data. An increasing number of websites
have reported breaches of their security. Any compromise of our security could harm our reputation and, therefore, our business,
and could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws. In addition, a party that is able to circumvent our security
measures could misappropriate proprietary information, cause interruption in our operations, damage our computers or those of our
users, or otherwise damage our reputation and business. Under credit card rules and our contracts with our card processors, if
there is a breach of credit card information that we store, we could be liable to the credit card issuing banks for their cost
of issuing new cards and related expenses. In addition, if we fail to follow credit card industry security standards, even if there
is no compromise of customer information, we could incur significant fines or lose our ability to give customers the option of
using credit cards to pay their fees. If we were unable to accept credit cards, our business would be seriously damaged. 

We enhance our systems for data management
and protection, and intrusion detection and prevention. However, our servers may be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or
electronic break-ins, and similar disruptions. We may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches
or to address problems caused by breaches. Security breaches, including any breach by us or by parties with which we have commercial
relationships that result in the unauthorized release of our members  personal information, could damage our reputation and
expose us to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability. Our insurance policies carry coverage limits which may not be
adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches. 

The emergence of increased regulation related to virtual
currencies could increase our costs by requiring us to update our products and services; or subject us to operational requirements
that result in substantial compliance costs which would adversely affect our business   

Innovation in the payments industry has
led to a variety of virtual currencies, community currencies and reward points, and federal and state regulatory regimes are seeking
to revise antiquated currency provisions. The increased attention to virtual currencies could result in changes in federal or state
regulations or the adoption of new regulations that could affect us as well as many companies transacting in credits that might
be considered  virtual currency.  For example, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ( FinCEN ), a bureau
of the U.S. Treasury, as the delegated administrator of the Bank Secrecy Act ( BSA ) issued interpretive guidance in
March 2013 to clarify the applicability of regulations to persons creating, obtaining, distributing, exchanging, accepting, or
transmitting virtual currencies. Although we do not believe we as an administer of a Marketplace utilizing ITEX dollars are currently
subject to the BSA requirements, that could potentially change with new regulation. Registering with FinCEN and complying with
FinCEN s regulations would be burdensome, as would getting licensed as a money transmitter and complying with the money transmission
regulatory regimes in each state. Changes to existing laws or regulations or adoption of new laws or regulations relating to the
use of virtual currencies could require us to incur significant costs to update our products and services, significantly increase
our compliance costs or may impose conditions that we are unable to meet. This could make our business cost-prohibitive in the
affected state or states and could materially adversely affect our business. 

Unplanned system interruptions or system failures could
harm our business and reputation   

Any interruption in the availability of
our transactional processing services due to hardware and operating system failures will reduce our revenues and profits. Our revenue
depends on members using our processing services. Any unscheduled interruption in our services results in an immediate, and possibly
substantial, loss of revenues. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our services could cause current or potential members to
believe that our systems are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our website or services, and could
permanently harm our reputation. Furthermore, any system failures could result in damage to our members  and brokers 
businesses. These persons could seek compensation from us for their losses. Even if unsuccessful, this type of claim likely would
be time-consuming and costly for us to address. 

Although our systems have been designed
around industry-standard architectures to reduce downtime in the event of outages or catastrophic occurrences, they remain vulnerable
to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer
viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, and similar events or disruptions. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and
our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our systems are also subject to break-ins, sabotage,
and intentional acts of vandalism. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision by any
of our third-party hosting providers to close a facility we use without adequate notice for financial or other reasons, or other
unanticipated problems at our hosting facilities could cause system interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data, and result
in lengthy interruptions in our services. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses
that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures. 

Failure to comply with laws and regulations that protect
our members  and brokers  personal and financial information could result in liability and harm our reputation    

We store personal and financial information
for members of the Marketplace and our brokers. Privacy concerns relating to the disclosure and safeguarding of personal and financial
information have drawn increased attention from federal and state governments. Federal and state law requires us to safeguard our
members  and brokers  financial information, including credit card information. Although we have established security
procedures to protect against identity theft and the theft of this personal and financial information, breaches of our privacy
may occur. To the extent the measures we have implemented are breached or if there is an inappropriate disclosure of confidential
or personal information or data, we may become subject to litigation or administrative sanctions, which could result in significant
fines, penalties or damages and harm to our brand and reputation. Even if we were not held liable, a security breach or inappropriate
disclosure of confidential or personal information or data could harm our reputation. In addition, we may be required to invest
additional resources to protect us against damages caused by these actual or perceived disruptions or security breaches in the
future. Changes in these federal and state regulatory requirements could result in more stringent requirements and could result
in a need to change our business practices. Establishing systems and processes to achieve compliance with these new requirements
may increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may have claims and lawsuits against us that may result
in adverse outcomes   

From time to time we are subject to a variety
of claims and lawsuits. See Note 10     Legal Proceedings and Litigation Contingencies  included in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .  Adverse outcomes in one or more claims could occur which may result in significant
monetary damages that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Although management does not believe resolving
any pending matter, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse impact on our financial statements, litigation
and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s view of these matters may change in the future. A
material adverse impact on our financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome
becomes probable and reasonably estimable. 

If we lose the services of our Chief Executive Officer,
our business could suffer   

Our Board places heavy reliance on the continued
services of our Chief Executive Officer, Steven White, and his industry experience and relationships, management and operational
skills. We have not entered into an employment agreement with Mr. White. If we were to lose the services of Mr. White, we could
face substantial difficulty in hiring a qualified successor or successors, and could experience a loss in performance while any
successor obtains the necessary training and experience. Corporate staff and our brokers could lose confidence in the direction
and stability of the Company and choose to pursue other opportunities. In addition, in connection with a management transition
we may need to attract, train, retain and motivate additional financial, technical, managerial, marketing or support personnel.
We face the risk that if we are unable to attract and integrate new personnel, or retain and motivate existing personnel, our business,
financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Alliances, mergers and acquisitions could result in operating
difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences   

We expect to evaluate and consider potential
strategic transactions, including business combinations, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, technologies, services, products
and other assets and strategic investments. At any given time we may be engaged in discussions or negotiations with respect to
one or more of these types of transactions. Any of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results
of operations. The process of integrating an acquired company, business or technology may create unforeseen operating difficulties
and expenditures and is risky. The areas where we may face difficulties include: 

Diversion of management time, as well as a shift of focus from operating the businesses to challenges related to integration
and administration;   

Challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into the acquiring organization. These may include
declining employee morale and retention issues resulting from changes in, or acceleration of, compensation, or changes in management,
reporting relationships, future prospects, or the direction of the business;   

The need to integrate each company s accounting, management, information, human resource and other administrative systems
to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented;   

The need to implement controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company at companies that prior to acquisition
had lacked such controls, procedures and policies;   

The need to transition operations, members, and customers onto our existing platforms; and   

Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including violations of laws, rules and regulations,
commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities.   

The expected benefit of any of these strategic
relationships may not materialize and the cost of these efforts may negatively impact our financial results. Future alliances,
mergers or acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the expenditure
of our cash or the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses of which could adversely affect our results
of operations and dilute the economic and voting rights of our stockholders. 

We may need additional financing; current funds may be
insufficient to finance our plans for growth or our operations    

We believe that our financial condition
is stable and that our cash balances and operating cash flows provide adequate resources to fund our ordinary operating requirements.
However, our existing working capital may not be sufficient to allow us to execute our business plan as fast as we would like or
may not be sufficient to take full advantage of all available strategic opportunities. We believe our current core operations reflect
a scalable business strategy, which will allow our business model to be executed with limited outside financing. However, we also
may expand our operations, enter into a strategic transaction, or acquire competitors or other business to business enterprises.
If adequate capital was not available or were not available on acceptable terms at a time when we needed it, our ability to execute
our business plans, develop or enhance our services, make acquisitions or respond to competitive pressures would be significantly
impaired. Further, we cannot be certain that we will be able to implement various financing alternatives or otherwise obtain required
working capital if needed or desired. 

We are dependent on the value of foreign currency.   

We transact business in Canadian dollars
as well as USD. Revenues denominated in Canadian dollars comprised 5.5% and 6.2% of total revenue in the years ended July 31, 2016
and 2015, respectively. Part of our cash reserves are held in Canadian banks and subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations.
Foreign currency expense for the year ended July 31, 2016 decreased by $152 compared to the year ended July 31, 2015. Foreign currency
exchange fluctuations may or may not materially adversely affect our operations. Changes in the relation of the Canadian dollar
to the USD could affect our revenues, cost of sales, operating margins or value of bank holdings which could result in exchange
losses. 

Our Brokers may default on their loans   

From time to time we finance the operational
and expansion activities of our brokers. We loan brokers funds for general operational purposes, to acquire the management rights
to select member accounts, and for other reasons. These loans are repaid from regular deductions from broker commissions. We had
outstanding loans to brokers of $875 at July 31, 2016 and $1,083 at July 31, 2015. In the event one or more brokers default on
their loans, it may adversely affect our financial condition. 

The market for our securities has limited liquidity and
may become less liquid   

Our common stock trades on the OTC Pink
tier of the over-the-counter market known as the OTC Marketplace. The OTC Marketplace has three tiers, consisting of OTCQX, OTCQB
and OTC Pink marketplaces. Many of the securities quoted in the OTC Marketplace do not have a liquid market. They are infrequently
traded and can move up or down in price substantially from one trade to the next. As a result, an investment in our shares may
be illiquid even if there is a market. Moreover, our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange. Under current
regulations national securities exchanges have the ability to offer certain advantages to listed companies. For example, securities
listed on a national securities exchange are exempt from state Blue Sky laws covering the offer or sale of securities within the
state. We avail ourselves of applicable Blue Sky exemptions, however there are certain states in which we have not qualified for
an exemption and our shares may not be traded. National securities exchanges also offer the ability to margin certain listed securities
and the potential inclusion of listed securities in certain exchange-traded funds and indices. These differences between our marketplace
and the national securities exchanges may make certain investors choose to not invest in our stock. 

Escheatment of our unclaimed common stock could result
in our being eligible to deregister our stock under the Exchange Act    

We are subject to state unclaimed property
(escheat) laws which require us to turn over to state authorities unclaimed property including stocks and uncashed dividends. We
work with an agent to comply with applicable unclaimed property laws, including preparation of unclaimed property reports, completion
of required due diligence notifications, delivery of abandoned stock and dividends to various states and other services as necessary.
It is expected that as the process is completed there will be some escheatment of shares owned by lost stockholders. 

It is possible that as the process continues
there will be escheatment of a sufficient number of shares owned by lost stockholders to reduce our number of registered stockholders
to below 300. As of July 31, 2016, we had 472 stockholders of record. If the number of registered stockholders drops below 300,
we would be eligible to deregister our shares under the Exchange Act, and to exit the SEC reporting system. If we are eligible,
a decision to deregister could be viewed in a negative manner by stockholders due to diminished available information about the
Company and the potentially adverse impact on liquidity in the trading market for our shares and our stock price. 

ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

None. 

ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES  

Our corporate
and administrative headquarters offices are located in Bellevue, Washington. In the year ended July 31, 2016, we leased our property
on a month-to-month basis. In July 2016, we signed a 5-year lease for a new location in Bellevue, Washington, with a lease commencement
date of September 15, 2016. Our new premises will be utilized by our senior management, marketing, finance, general and administrative
personnel. 

(1) Base rent including estimated operating costs  

We believe that our facilities are adequate
and suitable for their current use, and that all of the leased space and all property maintained within are adequately insured.
For additional information regarding our obligations under leases, refer to  Note 8    Commitments  included in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , Item 8   Financial Statements.  

ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

For information regarding legal proceedings,
refer to  Note 10    Legal Proceedings and Litigation Contingencies  included in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , Item 8   Financial Statements.  

Item 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.  

Market Information  

Our common stock trades
on the OTC Pink tier of the over-the-counter market known as the OTC Marketplace under the ticker symbol  ITEX.  The
range of high and low closing bid prices for our common stock for each quarter during the two most recent years, and dividends
paid for the quarter, are as follows: 

This table reflects the range of high and
low closing bid prices for our common stock during the indicated periods, as compiled by OTC Markets Group Inc. based on trading
information reported by the FINRA Composite Feed or other qualified interdealer quotation medium. The quotations merely reflect
the prices at which transactions were proposed and do not necessarily represent actual transactions. Prices do not include retail
markup, markdown or commissions. 

There were 472 holders of record of our
common stock as of July 31, 2016. Most shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders. 

During 2016, we paid semi-annual dividends
of $0.10 per share, totaling $0.20 for the year. See  Item 1A   Risk Factors    Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and may be limited by our lack of liquidity or access to capital .  

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers  

The following table provides information
about our purchases or any affiliated purchaser during the three-months ended July 31, 2016 of equity securities that are registered
by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

(1)   
      Amounts shown in this column reflect amounts remaining under the $2.0 million stock repurchase program, authorized by the Board of Directors and announced on March 9, 2010.  The program authorizes the repurchase of shares in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, has no expiration date and may be modified or discontinued by the Board of Directors at any time.     

ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
7.          MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands except per share amounts unless otherwise indicated)  

The following discussion is provided as
a supplement to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes (refer to  Item 8   Financial Statements )
and is intended to help provide information we believe is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations
and financial condition. In addition to our consolidated financial statements and notes, it should be read in conjunction with
the section entitled   Risk Factors  (refer to Part I Item 1A)  and the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking
statements on  page 1.  

OVERVIEW  

ITEX Corporation operates a Marketplace
in which products and services are exchanged by Marketplace members utilizing ITEX dollars, enabling our member businesses to acquire
products and services without exchanging cash. We generate revenue by charging members percentage-based transaction fees, association
fees, and other fees. Our most significant cost of revenue consists of commissions paid to our brokers, and our most significant
expenses are related to compensating employees, selling, general and administrative, and income taxes. 

In fiscal year 2016, faced with continued
contracting revenues, we implemented organizational changes and made strategic and tactical moves to support the generation of
cash flow and operational income. During the year we continued development of smartphone technology to enable our members to expand
their trading community and instantly complete transactions through a mobile device. As a result of our initiatives for the year
ended 2016, as compared to 2015, income from operations, exclusive of Goodwill impairment charges of $1,750, increased by $271,
or 28%. However, for the year ended 2016, as compared to 2015, our revenue decreased by $907, or 8%. 

In the fourth quarter of 2016, we recorded
a $1,750 impairment in goodwill resulting in a reduction of our total assets, net income and stockholders  equity. The impairment
loss was the result of a sustained decline in our revenue and our projected revenue growth rates and profitability levels, together
with a reduction of our total assets. Since 2011, we have returned approximately $12,000 to stockholders in the form of dividends
and stock buybacks, which has reduced our asset base. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2016, we recorded an $866 valuation
allowance against our deferred tax asset. 

Industry Trends   

Based on reported revenues and informal
market information available to us, trade exchanges overall are faced with a general decline in year-over-year revenue. We believe
this reflects, in part, the effect of enhanced competition. Trade exchanges currently compete with a wide variety of online and
offline companies providing products and services to consumers and merchants, including big box stores. There are numerous avenues
to move excess inventory or products and services. We strive to view industry change as an opportunity to conceive new services,
technologies, or new ideas that can further evolve the industry and our business. 

Economic Conditions, Challenges, and
Risks   

We encounter significant competition in
our efforts to develop our Marketplace. Our competitors include internet distribution channels and local Exchanges. The greater
the number of avenues to move excess inventory or products and services, the more competitive it is to attract businesses to trade
their inventory in our Marketplace. 

We have approximately 33% recurring revenues
from association fees. Approximately 63% of our revenues each year come from transaction fees assessed during that year. Our reduction
in revenue this year was due to a reduction in members and a corresponding reduction in transaction and association fees generated
from our members. We believe the reduction in members and transaction volume is attributable in part to the prolonged weak economic
climate for small businesses (our primary clientele), as well as the increased competition from pricing and convenience of distribution
channels such as big box stores and internet outlets. 

We seek to increase our revenue by enhancing
our internet applications, offering expanded tools and features with ITEX Mobile SM , marketing the benefits of participation
in the Marketplace, expanding Marketplace offerings of goods and services, and attracting and retaining qualified brokers. Adding
new brokers is a component of our overall growth plan, and we are sustaining our broker recruiting incentives. Through our Broker
Mentor program, existing brokers recruit prospective brokers and provide ongoing training to the prospective broker until certain
performance thresholds are met. Upon meeting the performance thresholds, the prospective broker is offered a franchise for a reduced
fee. 

Our Canadian operations provide a portion
of our total revenue and expenses. Revenues denominated in Canadian dollars comprised 5.5% of total revenue in 2016. Changes in
foreign exchange rates affects our revenue and expenses. 

See a discussion of these factors and other
risks under Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K). 

Financial Position   

Our financial
condition and balance sheet at July 31, 2016, had cash of $3,235 compared to $2,047 at the same period in 2015. In April 2015,
we completed a partial tender offer to purchase shares of our common stock,   for an aggregate
cost of $3,000, excluding fees and expenses relating to the tender offer. The shares purchased in the tender offer represented
approximately 26% of our outstanding common shares (including shares of unvested restricted stock). During 2016 we repurchased
$113 of our stock through our stock repurchase plan and we paid semi-annual dividends of $0.10 per share, totaling $0.20 per share
for the year. We recorded a $1,750 impairment in goodwill and an $866 deferred tax asset valuation allowance in the fourth quarter
of 2016, resulting in a reduction of our total assets, net income and stockholders  equity. Total assets were $8,894 at July
31, 2016, compared to $10,740 at July 31, 2015, and stockholders  equity decreased to $7,577 at July 31, 2016, compared to
$9,372 at July 31, 2015.   

Our net cash flows provided by operating
activities was $1,513 for the year ended July 31, 2016, compared to $1,608 for the previous year. The decrease in net cash provided
by operating activities is primarily due to the negative change of $286 in operating assets and liabilities in the year ended July
31, 2016. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands except per share amounts
unless otherwise indicated) 

Condensed Results 

Revenue   

Revenue consists of Marketplace transaction
fees, association fees and other revenue net of revenue adjustments for both broker offices and corporate-owned offices. Revenue
also includes a nominal amount of ITEX dollars (non-cash). 

Marketplace and other revenue for the year
ended July 31, 2016, decreased $907 or 8% to $11,110 from $12,017 during the prior year. This decrease was due to a reduction in
the number of members, a reduction in transaction volume and a corresponding decrease in transaction and association fees. 

Loss before income taxes
for the year ended July 31, 2016 was ($461), compared to net income of $1,047 in 2015. This decrease is primarily due to the write
down of $1,750 in goodwill along with a reduction in gross profit of $396 offset by a reduction in operating expenses of $667. 

Earnings per share, fully diluted, decreased
to ($0.79) per share for the year ended July 31, 2016, from $0.28 per share for the year ended July 31, 2015. This decrease is
primarily due to the write down of $1,750 in goodwill and a deferred tax asset valuation allowance of $866 along with a reduction
in gross profit of $396 offset by a reduction in operating expenses of $667. 

Revenue, Costs and Expenses  

The following table summarizes our selected
consolidated financial information for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, with amounts expressed as a percentage of total
revenues: 

The following are the
components of revenue that are included in the consolidated statements of income: 

Revenue decreased by $907 or 8% for the
year ended 2016 compared to 2015. Association revenue decreased $274 or 7% to $3,717 from $3,991. The association revenue decrease
was due to a reduction in the number of members assessed association fees. Transaction revenue decreased $583 or 8% to $6,994 from
$7,577. The transaction revenue decrease was due to lower transaction volume in the Marketplace in 2016 when compared to 2015. 

ITEX Dollar Revenue   

As described in notes to our consolidated
financial statements, we receive ITEX dollars from members  transaction and association fees, and, to a lesser extent, from
other member fees. Occasionally we spend ITEX dollars in the Marketplace for our corporate needs. As discussed in Note 1 to our
consolidated financial statements, we record ITEX dollar revenue in the amounts ultimately equal to expenses we incurred and paid
for in ITEX dollars, resulting in an overall net effect of $0 on the operating and net income lines. We recorded $161 and $217
as ITEX dollar revenue for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Cost of Marketplace revenue   

Cost of Marketplace revenue
consists of commissions paid to brokers, salaries and employee benefits of our corporate-owned offices, payment of processing fees
and other expenses directly correlated to Marketplace revenue. The following are the main components of cost of Marketplace revenue
that are included in the consolidated statements of income: 

Costs
of Marketplace revenue for 2016, as compared to 2015, decreased by $511, or 7%. Costs of Marketplace revenue as a percentage of
total revenue was 62% and 61%, respectively.   

Association fee commissions decreased by
$81, or 6% for the year ended 2016 as compared to 2015. The decrease in commissions paid was comparable to the decrease in the
corresponding association revenue. 

Transaction fee commissions decreased by
$407, or 7% for the year ended 2016, as compared to 2015. Transaction fee commissions will generally increase or decrease at a
similar percentage as the increase or decrease in transaction revenue, which was the case for 2016. 

Other Marketplace expenses consist of miscellaneous
Marketplace related expenses such as credit card processing fees and other commissions not associated with association or transaction
revenue. Other Marketplace expenses decreased by $23, or 8% for the year ended 2016 as compared to 2015. The primary decrease in
the year ended 2016 is due to a reduction in credit card processing fees due to lower transaction volume. 

Association fee commissions as a percentage
of its related revenue remained at 36% in both 2016 and 2015. Transaction fee commissions, as a percentage of corresponding revenue,
was also the same at 75% in both years ended 2016 and 2015. 

Corporate Salaries, Wages and Employee
Benefits   

Corporate salaries, wages
and employee benefits include expenses for employee salaries and wages, payroll taxes, 401(k), payroll related insurance, healthcare
benefits, recruiting costs, temporary services and other personnel-related items. 

Corporate salaries, wages
and employee benefits expenses for 2016 decreased by $82 or 4% to $1,782 from $1,864 for the year ended 2015. The decrease in compensation-related
costs for the year is primarily due to a reduction of staff and lower stock compensation costs during the year ended July 31, 2016. 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses   

Selling, general and administrative
expenses, SG A, include consulting, legal and professional services, as well as expenses for rent and utilities, marketing,
insurance, bad debts, sales tax and other taxes, and other costs. 

SG A expenses for
2016 decreased by $576 or 34% to $1,135 from $1,711 for the year ended 2015. The decrease is due primarily to a $152 decrease in
foreign currency expense. We hold some assets and conduct business in Canada and the decrease in CDN exchange rates during 2015
caused an increase in this expense. In 2016 we moved the majority of the cash held in Canadian banks into U.S. based institutions.
In addition, legal fees decreased $119 and ITEX dollars used for corporate purposes decreased $56 during 2016. 

Depreciation and Amortization   

Depreciation and amortization
expenses include depreciation on our fixed assets and amortization of our intangible assets. 

Depreciation and amortization
for 2016 decreased by $9, or 10% to $82 from $91 for the year ended 2015. The primary reason for the decrease is that there were
no material additions of property and equipment or amortizable intangible assets in 2016. 

Goodwill Impairment   

We review our amortizable intangible assets
for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be
a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable,
include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, the industry specific weighted
average cost of capital, adverse changes in legal factors or the business climate, and lowered expectations of future financial
results. Accordingly, as of July 31, 2016 the Company tested its goodwill for impairment and concluded that the net asset carrying
value exceeded the estimated fair value of the Company s single reporting unit and recognized an impairment loss during the
fourth quarter of 2016 of $1,750. The estimated fair value of the Company s single reporting unit was based on estimates
of future operating results, discounted cash flows and other market-based factors. During the fourth quarter the Company revised
its forecast which resulted in a goodwill impairment loss primarily from a sustained decline in the Company s projected revenue
growth rates and profitability levels. The lower projected operating results reflect changes in assumptions related to revenue
initiatives, organic revenue growth rates, market trends, cost structure, and other expectations about the anticipated short-term
and long-term operating results. 

Other Income   

Other income includes interest received
on notes receivable and promissory notes. The interest income is derived primarily from our notes receivable for corporate-owned
office sales and loans to Brokers. Other income in 2016 decreased by $29 or 32% to $61 from $90 for the year ended 2015. The notes
receivable are repaid in installments. The installment payments for the various notes receivable end between 2017 and 2022. 

Recoverability of Deferred Tax Assets   

Deferred tax assets on
our balance sheet primarily include federal and state net operating loss carry forwards (collectively  NOLs ) which
are expected to result in future tax benefits. Realization of these NOLs assumes that we will be able to generate sufficient future
taxable income to realize these assets. Deferred tax assets also include temporary differences between the financial reporting
basis and the income tax basis of our assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such assets or
liabilities are realized or settled. In 2016 and 2015, respectively, we utilized $1,120 and $844 of our available NOLs. As of July
31, 2016, we have approximately $7,997 of NOLs available to offset future taxable income. 

We periodically assess the realizability
of our available NOLs by assessing whether we believe we will generate enough future taxable income to utilize substantially all
of the available NOLs. We determined that we will not be able to utilize all of our Federal NOLs as of July 31, 2016. As of July
31, 2016 and 2015, we have an $866 and $0 valuation on Federal NOLs, respectively. As of July 31, 2016, California NOLs have expired
and the valuation allowance has been removed accordingly. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, we have a $0 and $99 valuation allowance
on state of California NOLs, respectively. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION (in thousands)  

Our total assets were $8,894 and $10,740
at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a decrease of $1,846 or 17%. The decrease in asset base is primarily due
to the write down of $1,750 in goodwill impairment, valuation allowance of $866 of our deferred tax asset and cash dividends paid
out to stockholders in 2016 of $417. In addition, we also repurchased 30 shares of our common stock for $113 through the stock
repurchase program. 

Our cash totaled $3,235 and $2,047 as of
July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing an increase of $1,188, or 58%. Our cash flow activity is described in more detail
below (see  Liquidity and Capital Resources ). 

Accounts receivable balances,
net of allowances of $408 and $439, were $429 and $398 as of July 31, 2016 and 2015 respectively, representing an increase of $31
or 8%, primarily due to the timing of our cycle close in comparable years. 

Our total current liabilities
were $1,317 and $1,368 at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing a decrease of $51 or 4%. The decrease is primarily
due to a reduction of $31 in accrued commissions and commissions payable to brokers. 

Our stockholders  equity decreased
by $1,795 or 19% to $7,577 at July 31, 2016, compared to $9,372 at July 31, 2015 primarily due to $1,750 in goodwill impairment,
$866 in deferred tax asset valuation allowance, $417 in dividends paid and $113 of stock repurchases during 2016. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (in thousands)  

Our principal sources of liquidity are our
cash provided by operating activities and cash on hand. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1,513 and $1,608 for the
years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our cash balance as of July 31, 2016 totaled $3,235. 

The following table
presents a summary of our cash flows for the years ended 2016 and 2015 respectively (in thousands): 

We have financed our operational
needs through cash flow generated from operations. During 2016, our cash position increased by $1,188 to $3,235. In 2015, we used
a large portion of cash reserves to fund a partial tender offer of $3,000. We use operational cash flow provided by operating activities
for routine operating expenses, loans to brokers, stock buybacks and quarterly dividend payments to common stockholders. 

We believe that our financial
condition is stable and that our cash balances, other liquid assets, and cash flows from operating activities provide adequate
resources to fund ongoing operating requirements. 

Inflation has not had
a material impact on our business during the last two fiscal years. Inflation affecting the U.S. dollar is not expected to have
a material effect on our operations in the foreseeable future. 

Operating Activities  

For the year ended July 31, 2016, net cash
provided by operating activities was $1,513 compared to $1,608 in the year ended July 31, 2015, a decrease of $95 or 6%. The decrease
in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to reduced gross profit offset by a reduction to operating expenses. 

The difference
between our net income and our net cash provided by operating activities was attributable to non-cash expenses included in net
income, and changes in the operating assets and liabilities, as presented below (in thousands): 

Non-cash expenses
are associated primarily with the impairment of goodwill, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and amortization of property
and equipment, stock-based compensation expense, and the changes in the deferred portion of the provision for income taxes. 

Investing Activities  

For the year ended July 31, 2016, net cash
provided by investing activities was $202 compared with $338 provided by investing activities in the year ended July 31, 2015,
a decrease of $136. In the year ended July 31, 2015, the net cash provided by investing activities was primarily related to $371
in note receivable principal collections, offset by $30 in note receivable advances. In the year ended July 31, 2016, the net cash
provided by investing activities was primarily related to $288 in note receivable principal collections, which were offset by $80
in note receivable advances and $6 of purchases of property and equipment. 

Financing Activities  

For the year ended July 31, 2016, net cash
used in financing activities was $527 compared with $3,572 used in financing activities in the year ended July 31, 2015, a decrease
of $3,045, or 85%. In the year ended July 31, 2016, the net cash used in financing activities was primarily related to the repurchase
of $113 in common stock and $417 in dividends paid to common stockholders. In the year ended July 31, 2015, the net cash used in
financing activities was primarily related to the partial tender offer of $3,000 along with the repurchase of $76 in common stock
and $534 in dividends paid to common stockholders. 

Our net cash used in financing
activities consists of dividends paid to shareholders and discretionary repurchases of our common stock. We repurchased 30 and
23 shares of ITEX stock under our stock repurchase program in 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Commitments and Contingencies  

We utilize leased facilities in the normal
course of our business. We executed a new lease for our corporate headquarters in Bellevue, Washington. The lease commenced on
September 15, 2016 and expires March 31, 2022. We have an option to extend the lease term once, for a five-year period, at the
fair market value. 

The lease expense, inclusive of utilities
included in our lease payments, for our executive office space and corporate-owned offices for the years ended July 31, 2016 and
2015 was $89 and $149, respectively. 

OTHER MATTERS  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

We have identified the
policies below as critical to our understanding of the results or our business operations. We discuss the impact and any associated
risks related to these policies on our business operations throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. 

In the ordinary course
of business, we have made a number of estimates and assumptions in preparing our financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates
and assumptions. The following critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our consolidated
financial statements. These policies require our most difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, often as a result of the need
to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. For a summary of all of our significant accounting
policies, including the critical accounting policies discussed below, refer to  Note 1    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  included in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , Item 8   Financial Statements.  

Revenue Recognition  

We generate our revenue
by charging members percentage-based transaction fees, association fees, and other fees assessed in United States dollars and Canadian
dollars where applicable (collectively and as reported on our financial statements  USD  or  Cash ). We
recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the transaction has occurred or a cycle period has ended,
the charges are fixed and determinable and no major uncertainty exists with respect to collectability. 

In each accounting cycle,
we recognize as revenue all transaction fees, association fees and applicable other fees that occurred during that month regardless
of which operating cycle the fees occurred. We defer annual dues, which are prepaid, and recognize this revenue over the periods
they apply. 

We generally do not record
revenues or expenses in our financial statements for ITEX dollars we receive from or expend to members or brokers, but we do record
revenues and expenses for ITEX dollars we spend on various products or services where the value of those ITEX dollars is readily
determinable (see Note 1 below,  Accounting for ITEX Dollar Activities ). 

Gross versus Net Revenue Recognition   

In the normal course of
business, we act as administrator of transactions between Marketplace members. We pay commissions to our brokers after the close
of each operating cycle based on member transaction and association fees collected in USD.  We report revenue based on the
gross amount billed to the ultimate customer, the Marketplace member.  When revenues are recorded on a gross basis, any commissions
or other payments to brokers are recorded as costs or expenses so that the net amount (gross revenues less expenses) is reflected
in operating income. 

Determining whether revenue
should be reported as gross or net is first based on an assessment of whether we are acting as the principal or acting as an agent
in the transaction.  In determining whether we serve as principal or agent, we follow the related guidance. Pursuant to such
guidance, we serve as the principal in transactions in which we have substantial risks and rewards of ownership.  The determination
of whether we are acting as a principal or an agent in a transaction involves judgment and is based on an evaluation of the terms
of an arrangement.  In our case, we administer the Marketplace, provide record-keeping and payment transaction processing
services for our members, bill Marketplace members directly pursuant to contractual agreements with them for which we establish
the terms, collect all revenue, and assess the collectability of our accounts receivable monthly.  Our revenues remain the
property of ITEX. 

Valuation of Notes Receivable and Accounts
Receivable  

We determine a present
value of our notes receivable using a monthly average Treasury note rate with approximately the same term as the note to approximate
a market value interest rate when we determine that a negotiated interest rate does not properly reflect the risk associated with
the notes. We calculate the effective rate on the note given the market rate and the payment streams and record the note accordingly.
We periodically review our notes for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value has been impaired and may not be recoverable. Factors we consider important that could trigger an impairment review include
the following: 

Significant underperformance relative to
expected historical or projected future operating results;    

Change in management of the franchisee or
independent licensed broker responsible for the note.    

We assess the collectability
of accounts receivable monthly based on past collection history and current events and circumstances. Accordingly, we adjust the
allowance on accounts receivable to reflect net receivables that we ultimately expect to collect. 

Valuation Allowance on Deferred Tax Assets  

We account for income
taxes using an asset and liability approach as required. This approach results in the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the book carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets
and liabilities, and net operating loss carryforwards. We assess a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets if it is more
likely than not that a portion of our available deferred tax assets will not be realized. We record our deferred tax assets net
of valuation allowances. 

We also account for uncertainty
in income taxes in accordance with related guidance. Under the related provisions, we recognize the tax benefits of tax positions
only if it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained, upon examination by the applicable taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the positions. We also record any potential interest and penalties associated with our tax positions.
We have opted to record interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. 

Deferred tax assets on
our balance sheet primarily include Federal and State net operating loss carry forwards (collectively  NOLs ) which
are expected to result in future tax benefits. Realization of these NOLs assumes that we will be able to generate sufficient future
taxable income to realize these assets. Deferred tax assets also include temporary differences between the financial reporting
basis and the income tax basis of its assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such assets or
liabilities are realized or settled. 

In assessing the recoverability of deferred
tax assets, we periodically assess the realizability of our available NOLs by assessing whether we believe we will generate enough
future taxable income to utilize some portion or all of the available NOLs. We determined that we will not be able to utilize all
of our Federal NOLs as of July 31, 2016. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, we have an $866 and $0 valuation on Federal NOLs, respectively.
As of July 31, 2016, California NOLs have expired and the valuation allowance has been removed accordingly. As of July 31, 2016
and 2015, we have a $0 and $99 valuation allowance on state of California NOLs, respectively. 

On July 31, 2016, we had
NOLs of approximately $7,997 available to offset future taxable income. When circumstances warrant, we re-assess the realizability
of our available NOLs for future periods. When this occurs, if we determine that the realizability of our NOLs has changed, we
record the impact of that change as a component of our tax expense in the consolidated statements of income in that period. 

The deferred tax assets
and valuation allowances recorded at July 31, 2016 represent our current estimate of all deferred tax benefits to be utilized in
the current year and future periods beyond 2016. 

Goodwill  

Goodwill represents
the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired, including domains and other definite-lived
intangible assets, and liabilities assumed in business combinations accounted for under the acquisition method. 

Goodwill acquired
in a purchase business combination is determined to have an indefinite useful life and is not amortized, but instead tested for
impairment at least annually. In testing goodwill for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors before calculating the fair
value of our reporting unit in step 1 of the goodwill impairment test. If we determine that the fair value of the reporting unit
is more likely than not less than its carrying value, then we will perform the two-phase approach. The first phase is a screen
for potential impairment, while the second phase (if necessary) measures the amount of impairment, if any. Goodwill is written
down and charged to operating results in any period in which the recorded value of goodwill exceeds its estimated fair value. 

We analyzed goodwill as of July 31, 2016
and 2015 using a discounted cash flow methodology with a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of cost of capital (WACC). We believe
the use of a discounted cash flow approach is the most reliable indicator for the Company to use when determining its fair market
value. In order to determine the future cash flows, we prepared a cash flow forecast for the next 15 years based on past experience
and our anticipated capital expenditures, revenue and expense forecast. In connection with our assessment of goodwill impairment,
management determined that a Step 1 impairment assessment should be performed. Our evaluation determined after performance of Step
1, that goodwill was not impaired at July 31, 2015. However, we determined a $1,750 impairment in goodwill should be recorded in
the fourth quarter of 2016. The goodwill impairment loss resulted primarily from a sustained decline in the Company s
projected revenue growth rates and profitability levels. The lower projected operating results reflect changes in assumptions related
to revenue initiatives, organic revenue growth rates, market trends, cost structure, and other expectations about the anticipated
short-term and long-term operating results. 

Share-based Payments  

The Company accounts
for share-based compensation to its employees and directors and measures of the amount of compensation expense for all stock-based
awards at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation expense over the service period for awards expected to
vest. Restricted stock awards issued to employees and directors are measured based on the fair market values of the underlying
stock on the dates of grant.   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (ASU 2014-09) , which amends the existing
accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects
to be entitled when products or services are transferred to customers. In July 2015, the FASB voted to approve a one-year delay
of the effective date. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016, including interim reporting periods within those annual periods. ASU 2014-09 may be applied retrospectively to each prior
period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. In 2016, the FASB issued
additional guidance to clarify the implementation guidance. The Company is evaluating the expected impact on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , intended to improve how deferred taxes are
classified on organizations  balance sheets. The ASU eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred
tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will now be required
to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual period. The adoption of ASU 2015-17
is not expected to have any material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
February, 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which amends the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and creates Topic 842,   Leases .  
The new topic supersedes Topic 840,   Leases ,  and increases transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requires disclosures of key information about leasing
arrangements.  The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  ASU 2016-02 mandates
a modified retrospective transition method.  The Company is currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on its
consolidated financial statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB amended the existing
accounting standards for stock-based compensation, with Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09) . The amendments impact several aspects of
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, forfeitures, classification of awards as
either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. If early adoption is elected, all amendments must be adopted in the
same period. The manner of application varies by the various provisions of the guidance, with certain provisions applied on a retrospective
or modified retrospective approach, while others are applied prospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these
amendments and the transition alternatives on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments (ASU 2016-13) , an ASU amending the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments.
The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted after December 15,
2018. The ASU must be adopted using a modified-retrospective approach. The Company does not expect adoption to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

There were other various accounting standards
and interpretations issued recently, none of which are expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
position, operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 7.   
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

Not required for smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL
                                         STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

The following financial statements of ITEX Corporation are
included in Item 8: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
     32  
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets   
     33  
 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations   
     34  
 
       Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity   
     35  
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
     36  
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
     37  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 ITEX Corporation 

 Bellevue, Washington 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ITEX Corporation (the  Company ) as of July 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of ITEX Corporation as of July 31,
2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

ITEX CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS  

  (In thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

ITEX CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (In thousands except per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

ITEX CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY  

  (In thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

ITEX CORPORATION  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (In thousands)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEX CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF OUR COMPANY AND SUMMARY OF OUR SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Description of our Company  

ITEX Corporation ( ITEX ,  Company ,
 we  or  us ) was incorporated in October 1985 in the State of Nevada. Through our independent licensed
broker and franchise network (individually,  broker,  and together the  Broker Network ) in the United
States and Canada, we operate a  Marketplace  in which products and services are exchanged by Marketplace members
utilizing ITEX dollars  ITEX dollars . ITEX dollars are only usable in the Marketplace and allows thousands of member
businesses (our  members ) to acquire products and services without exchanging cash. We administer the Marketplace
and provide record-keeping and payment transaction processing services for our members. A summary of significant accounting policies
applied in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements follows: 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of ITEX Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiary BXI Exchange, Inc. All inter-company accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Accounting Records and Use of Estimates  

The accounting records
are maintained in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
estimates and assumptions affecting the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Changes
in these estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the Company s financial statements and notes. Examples
of estimates and assumptions include estimating: 

certain
                                         provisions such as allowances for accounts receivable and notes receivable   

any
                                         impairment of long-lived assets including goodwill   

useful
                                         lives of property and equipment   

the
                                         value and expected useful life of intangible assets   

the
                                         value of assets and liabilities acquired through business combinations   

tax
                                         provisions and valuation allowances   

accrued
                                         commissions and other accrual expenses   

litigation
                                         matters described herein   

stock
                                         based payments   

Actual results may vary from estimates
and assumptions that were used in preparing the financial statements. 

Operating and Accounting Cycles  

For each calendar year,
we divide our operations into 13 four-week billing and commission cycles always ending on a Thursday ( operating cycle ).
For financial statement purposes, our fiscal year is from August 1 to July 31 ( year ,  2016  for August
1, 2015 to July 31, 2016,  2015  for August 1, 2014 to July 31, 2015). We report our results as of the last day of
each calendar month ( accounting cycle ). 

Business Combinations  

The Company accounts
for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. The total consideration paid in an acquisition is allocated
to the fair value of the acquired company s identifiable assets and liabilities. Any excess of the purchase price over the
estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The consolidated financial statements reflect the results
of operations of an acquired business from the completion date of an acquisition. The costs to acquire a business, including transaction
costs, are expensed as incurred. 

The Company identifies
and records separately the intangible assets acquired apart from goodwill based on the specific criteria for separate recognition
established per the accounting standards codification, namely: 

the asset arises
                                         from contractual or other legal rights; or   

the asset is
                                         capable of being separated from the acquired entity and sold, transferred, licensed,
                                         rented or exchanged.   

Concentrations
of Credit Risk  

At July 31, 2016, we
maintained our cash balances at a Washington Trust Bank branch in Seattle, Washington, an investment bank, a Royal Bank of Canada
branch in Vancouver, Canada, and a Bank of Montreal branch in Toronto, Canada. The balances are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation up to $250 U.S. dollars and by the Canadian Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $100 Canadian dollars. 

Accounts and Notes Receivable  

We assess the collectability
of accounts receivable monthly based on past collection history and current events and circumstances. Accordingly, we adjust the
allowance on accounts receivable to reflect net receivables that we ultimately expect to collect. 

We review all notes receivable
for possible impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value has
been impaired and may not be recoverable. Factors considered important that could trigger an impairment review include significant
underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results and a change in management of the franchisee
or independent licensed broker responsible for the note. 

Loans and Advances and Notes Receivable  

At our discretion, we
occasionally allow members who complete large transactions to pay the related transaction fee over time, typically ranging from
three to six operating cycles. The aggregate total owed to us on July 31, 2016 is $4. Interest rates are typically 13% charged
on the outstanding balances. The maximum individual balance owed is $1. Payoff dates for the loans are scheduled within one year. 

From time to time we
finance the operational and expansion activities of our brokers. We loan brokers funds for general operational purposes, to acquire
the management rights to select member accounts, and for other reasons. These loans are repaid from regular deductions from broker
commissions. The amount of loans to brokers as of July 31, 2016 was $875. Interest rates are typically 6% to 8% charged on the
outstanding balances. Payoff dates for the loans are from the year 2017 to 2022. 

Property and Equipment  

We report property and
equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation recorded on a straight-line basis over useful lives ranging from three to seven
years. Included in property and equipment are additions and improvements that add to productive capacity or extend useful life
of the assets. Property and equipment may also include internally developed software (refer to  Software for Internal Use 
below). When we sell or retire property or equipment, we remove the cost and related accumulated depreciation from the balance
sheet and record the resulting gain or loss in the income statement. We record an expense for the costs of repair and maintenance
as incurred. 

Software for Internal Use  

We have developed extensive
software to manage and track the ITEX dollar activity in the Marketplace to calculate USD and ITEX dollar fees accordingly. We
have expensed costs incurred in the development of software for internal use in the period incurred as such costs were not significant
during the related application development phase. 

Goodwill  

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase
price over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired, including domains and other definite-lived intangible assets, and liabilities
assumed in business combinations accounted for under the purchase method. 

Goodwill acquired in a purchase business
combination is determined to have an indefinite useful life and is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually.
In testing goodwill for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors before calculating the fair value of our reporting unit
in step 1 of the goodwill impairment test. If we determine that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less
than its carrying value, then we will perform the two-phase approach. The first phase is a screen for potential impairment, while
the second phase (if necessary) measures the amount of impairment, if any. Goodwill is written down and charged to operating results
in any period in which the recorded value of goodwill exceeds its estimated fair value. 

We analyzed goodwill
as of July 31, 2016 using a discounted cash flow methodology with a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of cost of capital (WACC).
We believe the use of a discounted cash flow approach is the most reliable indicator for the Company to use when determining its
fair market value. In order to determine the future cash flows, we prepared a cash flow forecast for the next 15 years based on
past experience and our anticipated capital expenditures, revenue and expense forecast. In connection with our assessment of goodwill
impairment, management determined that a Step 1 impairment assessment should be performed. Our evaluation determined after performance
of Step 1, that goodwill was impaired at July 31, 2016. We determined a $1,750 impairment in goodwill should be recorded in the
fourth quarter of 2016.  The goodwill impairment loss resulted primarily from a sustained decline in the Company s
projected revenue growth rates and profitability levels. The lower projected operating results reflect changes in assumptions
related to revenue initiatives, organic revenue growth rates, market trends, cost structure, and other expectations about the
anticipated short-term and long-term operating results. 

Intangible Assets with Definite
Lives  

Intangible assets
acquired in business combinations are estimated to have definite lives and are comprised of membership lists, noncompetition agreements
and trade names. The Company amortizes costs of acquired intangible assets using the straight-line method over the contractual
life of one to three years for noncompetition agreements, the estimated life of six to ten years for membership lists and the
estimated life of ten years for trade names. 

The carrying value of
intangible assets with definite lives is reviewed on a regular basis for the existence of facts that may indicate that the assets
are impaired. An asset is considered impaired when the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from its use
and disposition are less than the amount of its carrying value. If the carrying value of an asset is deemed not recoverable, it
is adjusted downward to the estimated fair value. 

Long-Lived Assets  

We review our long-lived
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recovered.
We look primarily at the market values of the assets when available, or, alternatively, the estimated undiscounted future cash
flows in our assessment of whether or not they have been impaired. If impairment is deemed to have occurred, we then measure the
impairment by looking to the excess of the carrying value over the discounted future cash flows or market value, as appropriate. 

Commissions Payable to Brokers and Accrued
Commissions to Brokers  

We compute commissions to brokers as a
percentage of cash collections of revenues from association fees, transactions fees, and other fees. We pay most commissions in
two tranches with approximately 50% paid one week after the end of the operating cycle and the remainder paid two weeks later.
Commissions payable to brokers on our balance sheet as of July 31, 2016 represents commissions payable from the operating cycle
ending July 21, 2016. In 2015, the closest operating cycle ended July 23, 2015. Accrued commissions to brokers on our balance
sheets are the estimated commissions on the net accounts receivable balance and unpaid commissions on cash already collected as
of the financial statement date. 

Deferred Revenue  

We bill annual dues to certain members acquired as part of
legacy fee plans related to acquisitions. We defer this revenue and recognize it over the annual period to which it applies. As
of July 31, 2016 and 2015 we have $25 and $27 of annual dues deferred on our balance sheet. 

Advance Payments  

In some cases, members pre-pay transaction
and/or association fees or receive USD credits on their accounts for previously paid fees associated with transactions that are
subsequently reversed. We defer these payments and recognize revenue when these fees are earned. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

All of our financial
instruments are recognized in our balance sheet. The carrying amount of our financial instruments including cash, accounts receivable,
loans and advances, accounts payable, commissions payable and accrued commissions and other accruals approximate their fair values
at July 31, 2016 due to the short-term nature of these instruments. All of these instruments have terms of less than one year.
For notes receivable, the Company has determined that the rates are commensurate with current rates for similar transactions,
and therefore, net book value approximates fair value. 

Revenue Recognition  

We generate our revenue
by charging members percentage-based transaction fees, association fees, and other fees assessed in United States dollars and
Canadian dollars where applicable (collectively and as reported on our financial statements  USD  or  Cash ).
We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the transaction has occurred or a cycle period has ended,
the charges are fixed and determinable and no major uncertainty exists with respect to collectability. 

Our largest sources of revenue are transaction
fees and association fees. We charge members of the Marketplace an association fee every operating cycle in accordance with our
members  individual agreements. We also charge both the buyer and the seller a transaction fee based on the ITEX dollar
value of that Marketplace transaction. Additionally, we may charge various auxiliary fees to members, such as annual membership
dues, late fees, and insufficient fund fees. The total fees we charge to members are in USD and partially in ITEX dollars (see
below,  Accounting for ITEX Dollar Activities ). We bill members for all fees at the end of each operating cycle.
We track all financial activity in our internally developed database. Members have the option of paying USD fees automatically
by credit card, by electronic funds transfer or by check. In each of the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, member payments of
approximately 95% were made through electronic funds transfer, by credit cards and using our Preferred Member Autopay System.
If paying through our Autopay System, generally, the USD transaction fee is 6% of the ITEX dollar amount of the member s
purchases and sales during the operating cycle. If paying by check, generally, the USD transaction fee is 7.5% of the ITEX dollar
amount of that member s purchases and sales during the operating cycle. Additionally, regardless of a member s transaction
activity, each operating cycle we charge most members an association fee of $20 USD ($260 USD annually) and $10 ITEX dollars ($130
ITEX dollars annually). Transaction and association fees composed 96% of our total revenue in 2016 and 2015. 

In each accounting
cycle, we recognize as revenue all USD transaction fees, association fees and applicable other fees that occurred during that
month regardless of which operating cycle the fees occurred. Annual dues, billed in advance of the applicable service periods,
are deferred and recognized into revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of one year. 

For transaction and
association fees charged to members, we share a portion of our revenue with the brokers in the Broker Network in the form of commissions
based on a percentage of cash collections from members. For those fees, revenues are recorded on a gross basis. Commissions to
brokers are recorded as cost of revenue in the period corresponding to the revenue stream on which these commissions are based. 

We record an allowance
for uncollectible accounts based upon its assessment of various factors. We consider historical experience, the age of the accounts
receivable balances, the credit quality of its customers, current economic conditions and other factors that may affect customers 
ability to pay to determine the level of allowance required. 

Gross versus Net Revenue Recognition   

In the normal course of our
core business, we act as administrator to execute transactions between Marketplace members. We pay commissions to our brokers after
the close of each operating cycle based on member transaction and association fees collected in USD. We report revenue based on
the gross amount billed to our ultimate customer, the Marketplace member. When revenues are recorded on a gross basis, any commissions
or other payments to brokers are recorded as costs or expenses so that the net amount (gross revenues less expenses) is reflected
in operating income. 

Accounting for ITEX Dollar Activities  

Primarily, we receive ITEX dollars from members 
transaction and association fees, but we also receive ITEX dollars, to a much lesser extent, from other member fees. We expend
ITEX dollars for revenue sharing transaction fees and association fees with our Broker Network, and for general Marketplace costs.
Our policy is to record transactions at the fair value of products or services received when those values are readily determinable. 

Our accounting policy follows the accounting
standards codification which indicates that transactions in which non-monetary assets are exchanged for barter credits should be
recorded at fair value of the assets (or services) involved. The fair value of the assets received (in this case ITEX dollars)
should be used to measure the cost if it is more clearly evident than the fair value of the asset surrendered or service provided.
Our position is that the fair value of the non-monetary asset exchanged is more clearly evident than the fair value of the ITEX
dollar received. In addition, there is no cost basis to us for ITEX dollars. Our conclusion may change if we could convert ITEX
dollars into USD in the near term, as evidenced by a historical practice of converting ITEX dollars into USD shortly after receipt,
or if quoted market prices in USD existed for the ITEX dollar. 

We expend ITEX dollars primarily on the following
items: 

Co-op advertising with Marketplace members and brokers;   

Revenue sharing with brokers for transaction fees and association fees;   

Incentives to brokers for registering new members in the Marketplace.   

We believe that fair value should not be regarded
as determinable within reasonable limits if major uncertainties exist about the realizability of the value that would be assigned
to the asset received in a non-monetary transaction at fair value. If neither the fair value of the non-monetary asset (or service)
transferred or received in the exchange is determinable within reasonable limits, the recorded amount of the non-monetary asset
transferred from the enterprise may be the only measure of the transaction. When our ITEX dollar transactions during the periods
presented in the accompanying financial statements lacked readily determinable fair values they were recorded at the cost basis
of the trade dollars surrendered, which was zero. However, we have reflected in our financial statements those items that meet
non-monetary recognition by having readily determinable fair values. Our consolidated statements of income include ITEX dollar
expenses for corporate expenses for certain products or services we purchased at prices comparable to what we would have expended
had we paid in USD. 

While the accounting policies described above
are used for financial reporting purposes, the Internal Revenue Service requires, for purposes of taxation, that we recognize revenues,
expenses, assets, and liabilities for all transactions in which we either receive or spend ITEX dollars using the ratio of one
USD per ITEX dollar. For this reason, we track our ITEX dollar activity in statements to members and brokers and in other ways
necessary for the operation of the Marketplace and our overall business. 

Advertising Expenses  

We expense all advertising
costs as incurred. Advertising expense was $1 and $5 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Share-based Payments  

We account for share-based
compensation to our employees, contractors and directors and measure the amount of compensation expense for all stock-based awards
at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation expense over the service period for awards expected to vest.
Restricted stock awards issued to employees, contractors and directors are measured based on the fair market values of the underlying
stock on the dates of grant. Share based expense was $250 and $325 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Operating Leases  

We account for our executive
office lease and other property leases in accordance with related guidance. Accordingly, because our executive office lease has
scheduled rent escalation clauses, we record minimum rental payments on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. We record
the appropriate deferred rent liability or asset and amortize that deferred rent over the term of the lease as an adjustment to
rent expense. 

Accounting for Income Taxes   

We account for income taxes
using an asset and liability approach as required. Such approach results in the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the book carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets
and liabilities and net operating loss carryforwards. We assess a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets if it is more
likely than not that a portion of our available deferred tax assets will not be realized. We record our deferred tax assets net
of valuation allowances. 

We also account for uncertainty
in income taxes in that we recognize the tax benefits of tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax positions
will be sustained, upon examination by the applicable taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the positions. As required,
we record potential interest and penalties associated with our tax positions. We have opted to record interest and penalties, if
any, as a component of income tax expense. 

Contingencies  

In the normal course of our business we are
periodically involved in litigation or claims. We record litigation or claim-related expenses upon evaluation of among other factors,
the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. We accrue
for settlements when the outcome is probable and the amount or range of the settlement can be reasonably estimated. In addition
to our judgments and use of estimates, there are inherent uncertainties surrounding litigation and claims that could result in
actual settlement amounts that differ materially from estimates. We expense our legal costs associated with these matters when
incurred. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share  

We present in our financial statements on the
face of the income statement both basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes potential dilution and
is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for
the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue
common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the
earnings of the entity. As of July 31, 2016, we had no contracts to issue common stock. The Company had 133 unvested restricted
stock units as of July 31, 2016. These stock units were excluded from the net income (loss) per share as their effect would be
anti-dilutive. 

NOTE 2   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (ASU 2014-09) , which amends the existing accounting
standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be
entitled when products or services are transferred to customers. In July 2015, the FASB voted to approve a one-year delay of the
effective date. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016, including interim reporting periods within those annual periods. ASU 2014-09 may be applied retrospectively to each prior
period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. In 2016, the FASB issued
additional guidance to clarify the implementation guidance. The Company is evaluating the expected impact on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , intended to improve how deferred taxes are
classified on organizations  balance sheets. The ASU eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present deferred
tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will now be required
to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual period. The adoption of ASU 2015-17
is not expected to have any material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February,
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which amends the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and creates Topic 842,   Leases .  
The new topic supersedes Topic 840,   Leases ,  and increases transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requires disclosures of key information about leasing
arrangements.  The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  ASU 2016-02 mandates
a modified retrospective transition method.  The Company is currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on its
consolidated financial statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB amended the existing
accounting standards for stock-based compensation, with Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09) . The amendments impact several aspects of
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, forfeitures, classification of awards as
either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. If early adoption is elected, all amendments must be adopted in the
same period. The manner of application varies by the various provisions of the guidance, with certain provisions applied on a retrospective
or modified retrospective approach, while others are applied prospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these
amendments and the transition alternatives on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments (ASU 2016-13) , an ASU amending the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. The
ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted after December 15,
2018. The ASU must be adopted using a modified-retrospective approach. The Company does not expect adoption to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

There were other various accounting standards
and interpretations issued recently, none of which are expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
position, operations or cash flows. 

NOTE 3   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, COMMISSIONS
PAYABLE TO BROKERS AND ACCRUED COMMISSIONS TO BROKERS 

The timing differences between
our operating cycles and our accounting cycles cause fluctuations in the comparative balances of cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, commissions payable to brokers and accrued commissions to brokers presented on the consolidated balance sheets. Depending
on the length of time between the end of the operating cycle and the end of the accounting cycle, members  payments on accounts
receivable balances may vary. The longer the time, the greater amount of USD collections causes an increase in the reported cash
and cash equivalents balance and a decrease in the net accounts receivable balance. The difference between our operating cycle
ending date and the reporting date for July 31, 2016 was six business days as our cycle end date was on July 21, 2016. In 2015,
our operating cycle ending date was July 23, 2015 or six business days different than the accounting cycle end date of July 31,
2015. 

We compute commissions to
brokers as a percentage of USD collections of our revenues from association fees, transactions fees, and other fees. Commissions
payable to brokers include amounts owed for the most recently ended operating cycle. We pay commissions in two tranches with approximately
50% paid approximately one week after the end of the operating cycle and the remainder paid approximately two weeks later. Commissions
accrued are the estimated commissions on the net accounts receivable balance and USD collections on accounts receivable since the
most recently ended operating cycle. 

Our payments for salaries
and wages to our employees occur on the same bi-weekly schedule as our commission payments to brokers. 

NOTE 4   NOTES RECEIVABLE 

Notes receivables have been originated primarily
by the sales of corporate-owned offices to brokers and loans for general operating purposes. In 2016, we originated loans to brokers
as new notes receivables in the amount of $80. 

The aggregate total owed to us on July 31, 2016
is $875. Payoff dates for the loans are scheduled between 2017 and 2022. 

The activity for Notes receivables was as follows: 

NOTE 5 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

The following table summarizes property and
equipment: 

We depreciate property and equipment using the
straight-line method over the assets  estimated useful lives. Depreciation expense for property and equipment was $26 and
$36 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

We amortize leasehold improvements using the
straight-line method over the term of the lease. There was no amortization expense for leasehold improvements for the years ended
July 31, 2016 or 2015. 

NOTE 6   INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Changes in the carrying amount of the intangible
assets are summarized as follows: 

The Company recorded goodwill in connection
with business combinations completed in fiscal years from 2005 to 2009. 

In September 2012, ITEX sold assets originally
acquired in the 2011 Oregon acquisition. As part of the sales, ITEX allocated a pro rata portion of the membership list to the
sale in the amount of $42. The pro rata percentage amount of unamortized membership list to apply as basis was calculated using
the amount of the sold corporate-owned office members over the retained members acquired in the original purchase transaction. 

The expected lives of the membership list and
noncompetition agreement purchased as part of previous acquisitions are six years and three years, respectively. 

The following schedule outlines the expected
intangible related amortization expense over the respective lives: 

NOTE 7 - GOODWILL 

Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill
for the year ended July 31, 2016 are as follows: 

We analyzed goodwill as of July 31, 2016 using
a discounted cash flow methodology with a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of cost of capital (WACC). We believe the use of
a discounted cash flow approach is the most reliable indicator for the Company to use when determining its estimated fair market
value. In order to determine the future cash flows, we prepared a cash flow forecast for the next 15 years based on past experience
and our anticipated capital expenditures, revenue and expense forecast. In connection with our assessment of goodwill impairment,
management determined that a Step 1 impairment assessment should be performed. Our evaluation determined after performance of Step
1, that goodwill was impaired at July 31, 2016. We determined a $1,750 impairment in goodwill should be recorded in the fourth
quarter of 2016.  The goodwill impairment loss resulted primarily from a sustained decline in the Company s projected
revenue growth rates and profitability levels. The lower projected operating results reflect changes in assumptions related to
revenue initiatives, organic revenue growth rates, market trends, cost structure, and other expectations about the anticipated
short-term and long-term operating results. 

NOTE 8 - COMMITMENTS  

The Company leases
office space for its corporate headquarters in Bellevue, Washington. In the year ended July 31, 2016, we leased our property on
a month-to-month basis. As of July 31, 2016, there were no future minimum commitments under our current operating lease, which
was terminated on September 30, 2016. 

In July 2016, we signed
a 5-year lease for a new location in Bellevue, Washington, with a lease commencement date of September 15, 2016. The lease expiration
date is March 31, 2022. 

The lease expense for our executive office space
for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was $89 and $149, respectively. 

NOTE 9   ITEX DOLLAR ACTIVITY 

Primarily, we receive ITEX
dollars from members  transaction and association fees. ITEX dollars earned from members are later used by the Company as
a method of payment in revenue sharing and incentive arrangements with its Broker Network, co-op advertising with Marketplace members,
as well as for certain general corporate expenses. 

We
record transactions at the fair value of products or services received when those values are readily determinable. Most of our
ITEX dollar transactions during the periods presented in these financial statements lacked readily determinable fair values and 
 were recorded at the cost basis of the trade dollars surrendered, which we have determined to be
zero.  

As discussed in Note 1 to our consolidated financial
statements, we record ITEX dollar revenue in the amounts ultimately equal to expenses we incurred and paid for in ITEX dollars,
resulting in an overall net effect of $0 on the operating and net income lines. We recorded $161 and $217 as ITEX dollar revenue
for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 10   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND LITIGATION CONTINGENCIES 

From time to time we are subject to a variety
of claims and litigation incurred in the ordinary course of business. In our opinion, the outcome of our pending legal proceedings,
individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business operations, results of operations, cash
flows or financial condition. 

Management has regular litigation reviews, including
updates from outside counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of contingencies relating to pending
lawsuits. The Company accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable, and
the amount can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not record liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been
incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible
or remote. For contingencies where an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and which are significant, the Company discloses
the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the possible loss. For purposes of our litigation contingency
disclosures,  significant  includes material matters as well as other items which management believes should be disclosed. 

Management judgment is required related to contingent
liabilities and the outcome of litigation because both are difficult to predict. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and unfavorable rulings could occur. Although management currently does not believe resolving any pending proceeding will have
a material adverse impact on our financial statements, management s view of these matters may change in the future. A material
adverse impact on our financial statements could occur in the future if the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable
and reasonably estimable. 

NOTE 11   STOCK-BASED PAYMENTS 

In March 2004 the Company adopted and stockholders
approved the ITEX Corporation 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2004 Plan ), which authorized 400 shares of common stock
for issuance pursuant to awards under the plan. The 2004 Plan provided for the grant of incentive and nonqualified stock options,
restricted stock, and stock bonuses to our employees, directors, officers and consultants. In February 2011, the Board of Directors
amended and restated the 2004 Plan to increase the aggregate number of shares available for issuance by 400 shares. No shares remained
available for future grants under the 2004 Plan after July 31, 2013, and the 2004 Plan expired on March 14, 2014. 

In December 2013, stockholders approved the
adoption of the ITEX Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ), pursuant to which 400 shares of common
stock were authorized for issuance. The 2014 Plan provides for the awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and other
awards including unrestricted stock awards, stock bonuses, or the payment of cash for bonuses or in settlement of restricted stock
unit awards to the Company s employees, directors, officers or consultants. 293 shares remained available for future grants
under the 2014 Plan as of July 31, 2016. 

During the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company
issued 25 shares to an employee. The fair value of these shares as of the grant date was $80. The grant was expensed in the period
granted. 

At July 31, 2016, 133 shares of common stock
granted under the 2004 Plan remained unvested. At July 31, 2016, the Company had $433 of unrecognized compensation expense, expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately six years. 

We account for stock-based compensation in accordance
with the related guidance. Under the fair value recognition provisions, we estimate stock-based compensation cost at the grant
date based on the fair value of the award. We recognize that expense ratably over the requisite service period of the award. 

The following table summarizes
the components of stock based compensation: 

The following table summarizes
the granted, forfeited and vested shares of the 2004 Plan: 

The following table summarizes
the granted, forfeited and vested shares of the 2014 Plan: 

The stock-based compensation
expense charged against the results of operations was as follows: 

NOTE 12 - STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

On March 16, 2015, the Company commenced a partial
tender offer to purchase up to 750 shares of its common stock, at a price of $4.00 per share. The tender offer closed on April
15, 2015, after which the Company purchased and canceled a total of 750 shares of its common stock at an aggregate cost of $3,000,
excluding fees and expenses relating to the tender offer. The shares purchased in the tender offer represented approximately 26%
of ITEX s outstanding common shares (including shares of unvested restricted stock). 

On March 11, 2011, the Board of Directors
of the Company declared a dividend, payable to stockholders of record on March 25, 2011 of one right (a  Right ) per
each share of outstanding Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share ( Common Stock ), to purchase 1/1000th
of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the  Preferred Stock ),
at a price of $15.00 per share (such amount, as may be adjusted from time to time as provided in the Rights Agreement described
below, the  Purchase Price ). In connection therewith, on March 11, 2011, the Company entered into a Rights Agreement
(the  Rights Agreement ) with OTR, Inc., as Rights Agent. The Rights will be exercisable upon the earlier of (i) such
date the Company learns that a person or group, without Board approval, acquires or obtains the right to acquire beneficial ownership
of 15% or more of ITEX s outstanding common stock or a person or group that already beneficially owns 15% or more of the
Company s outstanding common stock at the time the Rights Agreement was entered into, without Board approval, acquires any
additional shares (other than pursuant to the Company s compensation or benefit plans) (any person or group specified in
this sentence, an  Acquiring Person ) and (ii) such date a person or group announces an intention to commence or following
the commencement of (as designated by the Board) a tender or exchange offer which could result in the beneficial ownership of 15%
or more of ITEX s outstanding common stock. If a person or group becomes an Acquiring Person, each Rights holder (other than
the Acquiring Person) will be entitled to receive, upon exercise of the Right and payment of the Purchase Price, that number of
1/1000ths of a share of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock which at the time of the applicable triggering
transaction would have a market value of twice the Purchase Price. In the event the Company is acquired in a merger or other business
combination by an Acquiring Person, or 50% or more of the Company s assets are sold to an Acquiring Person, each Right will
entitle its holder (other than an Acquiring Person) to purchase common shares in the surviving entity at 50% of the market price.
The Rights Agreement was originally scheduled to expire on March 11, 2014, unless earlier redeemed or exchanged by the Company.
At the annual meeting on December 13, 2013, stockholders approved an extension of the Rights Agreement to December 13, 2016. 

On March 9, 2010, the Company announced
a $2,000 stock repurchase program, authorized by the Board of Directors. The program authorizes the repurchase of shares in open
market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, has no expiration date and may be modified or discontinued by the Board
of Directors at any time. In addition to our common stock activity described in Note 12   Share-Based Payments, as part of
our stock repurchase program, we repurchased a total of 30 and 23 shares of ITEX common stock for $113 and $76 in 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

The Company has
5,000 shares of preferred stock authorized at $0.01 par value. No shares were issued or outstanding as of July 31, 2016 or 2015. 

NOTE 13 - INCOME TAXES 

Deferred tax assets on our balance sheet
primarily include Federal and State net operating loss carry forwards (collectively  NOLs ) which are expected to result
in future tax benefits. Realization of these NOLs assumes that we will be able to generate sufficient future taxable income to
realize these assets. Deferred tax assets also include temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the income
tax basis of its assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such assets or liabilities are realized
or settled. 

In assessing the recoverability of deferred
tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in
which those temporary differences are expected to be deductible. We consider the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities,
projected future taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are
expected to be deductible. 

On July 31, 2016, we had NOLs of approximately
$7,997 available to offset future taxable income. These are composed of approximately $6,092 from ITEX operating losses and approximately
$1,905 from BXI operating losses. The future utilization is recorded as a deferred tax asset given that management believes it
is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient future taxable income. We periodically assess the realizability of our
available NOLs to determine whether we believe we will generate enough future taxable income to utilize some portion or all of
the available NOLs. We determined that we will not be able to utilize all of our Federal NOLs as of July 31, 2016. As of July 31,
2016 and 2015, we have an $866 and $0 valuation on Federal NOLs, respectively As of July 31, 2016, California NOLs have expired
and the valuation allowance has been removed accordingly. As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, we have a $0 and $99 valuation allowance
on state of California NOLs, respectively. 

The deferred tax assets recorded represent
our estimate of all deferred tax benefits to be utilized in the current year and future periods beyond 2016. The following table
reflects the reconciliation of the company s income tax expense: 

Our income tax expense is composed of the following: 

The tax effects of temporary differences
that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities at July 31, 2016 and 2015 are presented below: 

The following components are included in the net deferred tax
assets in the accompanying balance sheets: 

ITEX Federal NOLs of approximately $6,092 expire, if unused,
from calendar years 2019 to 2024. BXI Federal NOLs of approximately $1,905 expire, if unused, from 2020 to 2026 and are subject
to an annual limitation of approximately $172. This limitation is equal to the long-term federal tax exempt rate multiplied by
the total purchase price of BXI. ITEX has no state NOLs for California as they expired in calendar year 2015. 

The Company has AMT credits of $214 and research and development
credits of $5 available to offset future taxes payable. 

In accordance with the accounting guidance surrounding the uncertainty
in Income Taxes   we have recorded unrecognized tax liabilities of $25 as follows: 

Year Ended July 31,     

2016     

Balance at July 31, 2015    
     $  37     
 
     Increases as a result of tax positions taken in the current year    
        6     
 
     Increases as a result of tax positions taken in the prior year    
        2     
 
     Decreases resulting from settlements, payments and changes in estimates of probability tax positions will be sustained    
        (20  )  
 
     Balance at July 31, 2016    
     $  25     

We file income tax returns in the United
States as well as various United States state jurisdictions. We also have available NOLs dating from 1999 which, when used, could
be subject to examination by taxing authorities. We do not believe there will be any material changes in our unrecognized tax positions
over the next twelve months. 

As of July 31, 2016, accrued expenses are
included on our consolidated balance sheet for uncertain tax positions related primarily to state jurisdictions in the amount of
$25 which includes $5 for interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits. Interest and penalties are included
in income tax expense. 

NOTE 14   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

ITEX and its subsidiaries had no transactions
during our last fiscal year, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, in which ITEX or its subsidiaries was or is to
be a participant, where the amount involved exceeded $120,000, and any director or director nominee, executive officer, holder
of more than 5% of our common stock or any of their immediate family members, or any promoter or control person, had a material
direct or indirect interest. 

NOTE 15   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On August 16, 2016, the Board of Directors
of ITEX Corporation declared a semi-annual cash dividend in the amount of $0.10 per share, payable on December 12, 2016 to stockholders
of record as of the close of business on December 1, 2016. 

Item 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

None. 

Item 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

(a) Disclosure controls and procedures. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of
the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures are effective.   

(b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is
a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes
maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts
and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not
intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 

Management conducted an assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, referred to as the Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on its assessment,
management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 31, 2016. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission that exempt non-accelerated filers from including auditor attestation reports. 

(c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 

There were no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting during our most recent quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION  

Not applicable. 

PART III  

Item 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

Certain of the information called for by
Item 10 will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement for the 2016 meeting of stockholders (the  Proxy Statement )
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K
under the captions  Director Nominees ,  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance ,  Corporate
Governance  and  Board of Directors  and is incorporated herein by reference. 

We have adopted the ITEX Code of Ethics
(the  Code of Ethics ), a code of ethics which is applicable to our executive officers, including financial officers,
and other finance organization employees. The Code of Ethics is available on the governance page of the investor relations section
of our website at www.itex,com under the tab entitled  Our Story.  Any waiver of, or material amendment to, the Code
of Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller
or persons performing similar functions will be posted promptly to our web site in accordance with applicable SEC rules. 

Executive Officers  

Steven White has served as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company since June 2003. John Wade has served as Chief Financial Officer since January 2013. Background information
about these executive officers who are also nominees for election as directors will be set forth in Proxy Statement under the caption
 Director Nominees.  

Significant Employees  

Brian Argetsinger, Vice President of the
Marketplace, joined the Company in 2000. He is responsible for supporting the broker network and overseeing franchise development.
Prior to becoming Vice President in 2003, Mr. Argetsinger served as our Northwest Regional Manager and as Broker Services Manager.
Prior to joining us, he was an ITEX broker in Seattle from 1991 to 2000. 

Rob Benson, Vice President of Operations,
joined the Company in 2004. Mr. Benson was General Manager of the Company s Seattle office from 2001 to 2003. 

Troy Hellman, Information Technology Manager,
joined the Company in 2000. Mr. Hellman oversees the administration, operation and maintenance of our IT infrastructure, internal
systems, and hardware and software products. 

Item 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

The information in the Proxy Statement set
forth under the captions  Executive Compensation  and  Director Compensation  is incorporated herein by
reference. 

Item 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

The information in the Proxy Statement set
forth under the captions  Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans  and  Beneficial
Ownership  is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

The information in the Proxy Statement set
forth under the captions  Corporate Governance,   Committees of the Board  and  Transactions with
Related Persons  is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  

Information concerning principal accountant
fees and services appears in the Proxy Statement under the heading  Fees of the Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm  and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV  

Item 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Incorporated by Reference   

Exhibit No.   
       
       Exhibit Description   
       
       Form   
       
       Exhibit   
       
       Filing   
  Date   
       
       Filed   
  Herewith    
 
      21.1  
       
      Subsidiaries of Registrant  

23.1  
       
      Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

31.1  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1**  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2**  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  

**  
       
       Furnished, not filed   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ITEX CORPORATION   

Date: October 19, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Steven White   

Steven White, Chief Executive Officer   

Date: October 19, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ John Wade   

John Wade, Chief Financial Officer   

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities an on the dates indicated. 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 v449971_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1  

SUBSIDIARIES
OF ITEX CORPORATION  

Name  
       
      State of Incorporation   

BXI Exchange, Inc. 
       
     Delaware  

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 v449971_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1  

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statement No. 333-192818 on Form S-8 of our report dated October 19, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial
statements of ITEX Corporation included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ITEX Corporation for the fiscal year ended July 31,
2016. 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v449971_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Steven White, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ITEX Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:      October 19,
    2016   

/s/ Steven White   

Steven White   

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v449971_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, John Wade, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ITEX Corporation;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v449971_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

by the  

  Chief Executive Officer  

In connection with the Annual Report of
ITEX Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), Steven White, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby
certifies pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 v449971_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

by the  

  Chief Financial Officer  

In connection with the Annual Report of
ITEX Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), John Wade, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies
pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge: 

(3)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(4)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 itex-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 itex-20160731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 itex-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 itex-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 itex-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 itex-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

