<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_896429_0001571049-16-019697_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3088915</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>79157</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>189110</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>700855</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1223305</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>782912</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>71</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019697.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109165605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019697
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			USA TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000896429
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CALCULATING & ACCOUNTING MACHINES (NO ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS) [3578]
		IRS NUMBER:				232679963
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33365
		FILM NUMBER:		161984949

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 DEERFIELD LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6109890340

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 DEERFIELD LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 140
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	USA ENTERTAINMENT CENTER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931029

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019697.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 t1600714_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR 

For the transition period from ____________________
to _____________________ 

Commission file number 001-33365 

USA Technologies, Inc.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Pennsylvania 

23-2679963 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer   x  
      Non-accelerated filer       

Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes     No  x  

As of November 2, 2016, there were 40,297,208 shares of Common
Stock, no par value, outstanding. 

USA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I - Financial Information 

Item 1. 
     Consolidated Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets
    (unaudited)   September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
       
     3  

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited)   Three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
     4  

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity (unaudited)   Three months ended September 30, 2016  
       
     5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   Three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
     6  

Notes to Consolidated Financial
    Statements (unaudited)  
       
     7  

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
     18  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       
     33  

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
       
     33  

Part II - Other Information  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
       
     33  

Item 3.  
      Defaults upon Senior Securities  
       
     33  

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
       
     34  

Signatures  
       
     35  

USA Technologies, Inc.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See accompanying notes.  

USA Technologies, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes.  

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Consolidated Statement of Shareholders 
Equity   

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes.  

USA Technologies, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes.  

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

1. BUSINESS  

USA Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ,
 We ,  USAT , or  Our ) was incorporated in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in January 1992.
We are a provider of technology-enabled solutions and value-added services that facilitate electronic payment transactions primarily
within the unattended Point of Sale ( POS ) market. We are a leading provider in the small ticket, beverage and food
vending industry and are expanding our solutions and services to other unattended market segments, such as amusement, commercial
laundry, kiosk and others. Since our founding, we have designed and marketed systems and solutions that facilitate electronic payment
options, as well as telemetry Internet of Things ( IoT ) and machine-to-machine ( M2M ) services, which
include the ability to remotely monitor, control, and report on the results of distributed assets containing our electronic payment
solutions. Historically, these distributed assets have relied on cash for payment in the form of coins or bills, whereas, our systems
allow them to accept cashless payments such as through the use of credit or debit cards or other emerging contactless forms, such
as mobile payment. 

INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

The accompanying unaudited consolidated
financial statements of USA Technologies, Inc. have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information
and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements and therefore should
be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. In the opinion of
management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, have been
included. Operating results for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that
may be expected for the year ending June 30, 2017. The balance sheet at June 30, 2016 has been derived from the audited consolidated
financial statements at that date, but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles for complete financial statements. 

2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

CONSOLIDATION  

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

USE OF ESTIMATES  

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. 

CASH  

The Company maintains its cash in bank
deposit accounts, which may exceed federally insured limits at times. 

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR
UNCOLLECTIBLE ACCOUNTS  

Accounts receivable include amounts due
to the Company for sales of equipment, other amounts due from customers, merchant service receivables, and unbilled amounts due
from customers, net of the allowance for uncollectible accounts. 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)  

The Company maintains an allowance for
doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments, including from
a shortfall in the customer transaction fund flow from which the Company would normally collect amounts due. 

The allowance is determined through an
analysis of various factors including the aging of the accounts receivable, the strength of the relationship with the customer,
the capacity of the customer transaction fund flow to satisfy the amount due from the customer, an assessment of collection costs
and other factors. The allowance for doubtful accounts receivable is management s best estimate as of the respective reporting
date. The Company writes off accounts receivable against the allowance when management determines the balance is uncollectible
and the Company ceases collection efforts. Management believes that the allowance recorded is adequate to provide for its estimated
credit losses. 

FINANCE RECEIVABLES  

The Company offers extended payment terms
to certain customers for equipment sales under its Quick Start Program. In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board
Accounting Standards Codification  ( ASC ) Topic 840,  Leases , agreements under the Quick Start Program
qualify for sales-type lease accounting. Accordingly, the future minimum lease payments are classified as finance receivables in
the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Finance receivables or Quick Start leases are generally for a sixty month term.
Finance receivables are carried at their contractual amount and charged off against the allowance for credit losses when management
determines that recovery is unlikely and the Company ceases collection efforts. The Company recognizes a portion of the note or
lease payments as interest income in the accompanying consolidated financial statements based on the effective interest rate method. 

INVENTORY, Net  

Inventory consists of finished goods and
packaging materials. The Company s inventory is stated at the lower of cost (average cost basis) or market. 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, Net  

Property and equipment are recorded at
cost. Property and equipment are depreciated on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets.
Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line basis over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the asset or the
respective lease term. 

GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

The Company s intangible assets include
goodwill, non-compete agreements, brand, developed technology and customer relationships. 

Goodwill represents the excess of cost
over fair value of the net assets purchased in acquisitions. The Company accounts for goodwill in accordance with ASC 350,  Intangibles
  Goodwill and Other . Under ASC 350, goodwill is not amortized to earnings, but instead is subject to periodic testing
for impairment. Testing for impairment is to be done at least annually and at other times if events or circumstances arise that
indicate that impairment may have occurred. The Company has selected April 1 as its annual test date. 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

2.
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)  

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

The FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) 2010-06,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( Topic 820 ): Improving Disclosures about
Fair Value Measurements.  ASU 2010-06 amends certain disclosure requirements of Subtopic 820-10. This ASU provides additional
disclosures for transfers in and out of Levels 1 and 2 and for activity in Level 3. This ASU also clarifies certain other existing
disclosure requirements including level of desegregation and disclosures around inputs and valuation techniques. 

The Company s financial assets and
liabilities are accounted for in accordance with ASC 820  Fair Value Measurement.  Under ASC 820 the Company uses inputs
from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy to measure its financial assets and liabilities. The three levels are as follows: 

Level 1- Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2- Inputs are other than quoted prices
included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e., interest rates, yield
curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means
(market corroborated inputs). 

Level 3- Inputs are unobservable and reflect
the Company s assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company develops these
inputs based on the best information available. 

The Company s financial instruments,
principally accounts receivable, short-term finance receivables, prepaid expenses and other assets, accounts payable and accrued
expenses, are carried at cost which approximates fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. The fair value
of the Company s obligations under its long-term debt agreements and the long-term portion of its finance receivables approximates
their carrying value as such instruments are at market rates currently available to the Company. 

REVENUE RECOGNITION  

Revenue from the sale or QuickStart lease
of equipment is recognized on the terms of freight-on-board shipping point. Activation fee revenue, if applicable, is recognized
when the Company s cashless payment device is initially activated for use on the Company network. Transaction processing
revenue is recognized upon the usage of the Company s cashless payment and control network. License fees for access to the
Company s devices and network services are recognized on a monthly basis. In all cases, revenue is only recognized when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed and determinable, and
collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. The Company estimates an allowance for product returns at the date
of sale and license and transaction fee refunds on a monthly basis. 

ePort hardware is available to customers
under the QuickStart program pursuant to which the customer would enter into a five-year non-cancelable lease with either the Company
or a third-party financing company for the devices. The Company utilizes its best estimate of selling price when calculating the
revenue to be recorded under these leases. The leases qualify for sales type lease accounting. Accordingly, the company recognizes
a portion of lease payments as interest income for leases not placed with a third-party financing Company. At the end of the lease
period, the customer would have the option to purchase the device at its residual value. 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

2.
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

PREFERRED STOCK  

The Company adopted the provisions of Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-16 in determining whether
the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ( preferred stock ) is more equity-like or debt-like, and
whether derivatives embedded in the preferred stock, if any, must be bifurcated and accounted for separately from its host contract.
Based upon management s review of the preferred stock features, management has determined that the preferred stock is more
equity-like and that the embedded derivatives do not require bifurcation. As such, the adoption of this standard did not have a
material impact on the company's financial statements. 

ACCOUNTING FOR EQUITY AWARDS  

In accordance with the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification  ( ASC ) Topic 718, the cost of employee
services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments is based on the grant-date fair value of the award and allocated
over the vesting period of the award. 

INCOME TAXES  

The Company follows the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification  ( ASC ) Topic 740,  Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes ,   which   provides detailed guidance for the financial statement recognition,
measurement and disclosure of uncertain tax positions recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, tax positions
must meet a  more-likely-than-not  recognition threshold at the effective date to be recognized upon the adoption of
ASC Topic 740 and in subsequent periods. 

Income taxes are computed using the asset
and liability method of accounting. Under the asset and liability method, a deferred tax asset or liability is recognized for estimated
future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards. The measurement of deferred income tax assets is adjusted
by a valuation allowance, if necessary, to recognize future tax benefits only to the extent that, based on available evidence,
it is more likely than not such benefits will be realized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain
tax positions in selling, general and administrative expenses. No interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions were
accrued or incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE   

Basic earnings (loss) per share are calculated
by dividing income (loss) applicable to common shares by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted
earnings per share are calculated by dividing income (loss) applicable to common shares by the weighted average common shares outstanding
for the period plus the effect of potential common shares unless such effect is anti-dilutive. 

SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS  

The Company follows the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification  ( ASC ) Topic 350-40,  Accounting
for the Cost of Computer Software Developed or obtained for Internal Use , which provides for guidance for what costs can
be capitalized for internal use. 

Capitalized costs for internal-use software
are included in fixed assets in the consolidated balance sheet and are amortized over three years. Costs incurred during the preliminary
project along with post-implementation stages of internal use computer software development and costs incurred to maintain existing
product offerings are expensed as incurred. The capitalization and ongoing assessment of recoverability of development costs require
considerable judgment by management with respect to certain external factors, including, but not limited to, technological and
economic feasibility and estimated economic life. 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

2.
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)   

RECLASSIFICATION  

Commencing with the June 30, 2016 financial
statements, the Company changed the manner in which it presents certain unfunded finance receivables in its consolidated balance
sheets and the related statements of cash flows. These finance receivables which have yet to be and are expected to be funded by
a third-party funding source. The previous accounting classification recorded these constitute amounts as accounts receivable in
the consolidated balance sheets and the related statements of cash flows. The impact of this change on the Statement of Cash Flows
is as follows: 

3. EARNINGS PER SHARE CALCULATION   

The calculation of basic earnings per share ( eps )
and diluted earnings per share are presented below: 

* No adjustment necessary for the three months ended September
30, 2016 as the effects would be anti-dilutive. 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

4. FINANCE RECEIVABLES  

Finance receivables consist of the following: 

The Company collects monthly payments of
its finance receivables from the customers  transaction fund flow. Accordingly, as the fund flow from these customers 
transactions is generally sufficient to satisfy the amount due to the Company, the risk of loss is considered remote and the Company
has not provided for an allowance for credit losses for finance receivables as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

Credit Quality Indicators 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

4. FINANCE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)  

Age Analysis of Past Due Finance Receivables 

 As of September 30, 2016 

Age Analysis of Past Due Finance Receivables 

 As of June 30, 2016 

5. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLES   

There was $44 thousand of amortization
expense relating to acquired intangible assets during the three months ended September 30, 2016. There was no amortization expense
relating to acquired intangible assets during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Intangible asset balances consisted of
the following: 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

6. LINE OF CREDIT  

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016,
the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement and other ancillary documents (the  Heritage Loan Documents )
with Heritage Bank of Commerce ( Heritage Bank ), providing for a secured asset-based revolving line of credit in an
amount of up to $12.0 million (the  Heritage Line of Credit ) at an interest rate calculated based on the Federal Reserves 
Prime plus 2.25%. The Heritage Line of Credit and the Company s obligations under the Heritage Loan Documents are secured
by substantially all of the Company s assets, including its intellectual property. The maturity date of the Heritage Line
of Credit is March 29, 2017. At the time of maturity, all outstanding advances under the Heritage Line of Credit as well as any
unpaid interest are due and payable. Prior to maturity of the Heritage Line of Credit, the Company may prepay amounts due under
the Heritage Line of Credit without penalty, and subject to the terms of the Heritage Loan Documents, may re-borrow any such amounts. 

The Heritage Loan Documents contain customary
representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants applicable to the Company. The Heritage Loan Documents also
require the Company to achieve a minimum Adjusted EBITDA, as defined in the Heritage Loan Documents, measured on a quarterly basis.
The Heritage Loan Documents also require that the number of the Company s connections as of the end of each fiscal quarter
shall not decrease by more than five percent as compared to the number of the Company s connections as of the end of the
immediately prior fiscal quarter. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was not in compliance with the minimum Adjusted EBITDA
provision of the debt covenant. The Company received a waiver from its bank for the covenant default. 

The balance due on the Heritage line of
credit was $7.3 million and $7.2 million at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, $4.7
million was available under our line of credit. Interest expense on the line of credit was approximately $107 thousand for the
three months ended September 30, 2016. 

7. LONG-TERM DEBT   

The Company periodically enters into capital
lease obligations to finance certain office, network equipment and related support for use in its daily operations. During the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 the Company commenced capital lease obligations of $308 thousand. The obligations are
due in 12 and 8 quarterly installments of $15 thousand and $21 thousand, respectively. The value of the acquired equipment is included
in property and equipment and amortized accordingly. 

8. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

As of June 30, 2016, the fair values of
the Company s Level 3 financial instrument totaled $3.739 million for 2.2 million warrants. The Level 3 financial instrument
consist of common stock warrants issued by the Company in March 2011, which include features requiring liability treatment of the
warrants. The fair value of warrants issued in March 2011 to purchase shares of the Company s common stock is based on valuations
performed by an independent third-party valuation firm. The fair value was determined using proprietary valuation models using
the quality of the underlying securities of the warrants, restrictions on the warrants and security underlying the warrants, time
restrictions and precedent sale transactions completed in the secondary market or in other private transactions. During the three
months ended September 30, 2016 all of the aforementioned warrants were exercised and the then-fair value warrant liability was
reclassified as Common Stock. 

The following table summarizes the changes in the Company s
Level 3 financial instruments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

8. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)   

There were no transfers of assets or liabilities
between level 1, level 2, or level 3 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. As of September 30, 2016 and June
30, 2016, the Company held no Level 1 or Level 2 financial instruments. 

9. INCOME TAXES  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, an income tax benefit of $115 thousand (substantially all deferred income taxes) was
recorded based upon loss before benefit for income taxes using an estimated annual effective income tax rate of 26% for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2017 net of a provision for the tax effect of the change in the fair value of warrant liabilities which was
treated discretely.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2015, an income tax provision of $27 thousand (substantially all deferred income taxes) was
recorded based upon income before provision for income taxes using an estimated annual effective income tax rate of 39% for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 2016 net of a benefit for the tax effect of the change in the fair value of warrant liabilities which
was treated discretely.  

10. EQUITY  

WARRANTS  

There were 2,376,675 warrants exercised
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 at $2.6058 per share yielding proceeds of $6.2 million. Warrant activity for the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows: 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

10.
EQUITY (CONTINUED)  

STOCK OPTIONS  

The Company estimates the grant date fair
value of the stock options it grants using a Black-Scholes valuation model. The Company s assumption for expected volatility
is based on its historical volatility data related to market trading of its own common stock. The Company bases its assumptions
for expected life of the new stock option grants on the life of the option granted, and if relevant, its analysis of the historical
exercise patterns of its stock options. The dividend yield assumption is based on dividends expected to be paid over the expected
life of the stock option. The risk-free interest rate assumption is determined by using the U.S. Treasury rates of the same period
as the expected option term of each stock option. 

In August 2016 stock options were awarded
to purchase up to 20,080 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $4.98 per share. The options vest on August 31, 2017, and
expire if not exercised prior to August 31, 2023. The options are intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section
422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The fair value of options granted during the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was estimated using the following weighted average assumptions: 

Stock based compensation related to stock options
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $48 thousand and $115 thousand, respectively. 

COMMON STOCK  

On July 1, 2016 $40 thousand of stock grants
were awarded to each non-employee Director based on the prior 30-day average closing price of the Company s Common Stock,
for a total of 56,784 shares. The shares vest as follows: 18,960 on 07/01/2017, 18,960 on 07/01/2018 and 18,954 on 07/01/2019.
The total expense recognized for these grants during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $37 thousand. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, the Company awarded an aggregate of 78,711 shares to its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Services Officer under its
fiscal year 2016 long term stock incentive plan and an aggregate of 6,254 shares to three non-employee Directors in satisfaction
of board fees. During the three-month period, the Chief Executive Officer cancelled 6,533 shares of Common Stock awarded to him
under the 2016 fiscal year long term stock incentive plan in satisfaction of $31 thousand of related payroll obligations. 

USA Technologies, Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Unaudited)  

10.
EQUITY (CONTINUED)  

LTI PLANS  

The Board approved the Fiscal Year 2017
Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (the  2017 LTI Stock Plan ) which provides that executive officers would be awarded
shares of common stock of the Company in the event that certain metrics relating to the Company s 2017 fiscal year would
result in specified ranges of year-over-year percentage growth. The metrics are total number of connections as of June 30, 2017
as compared to total number of connections as of June 30, 2016 (50% weighting) and adjusted EBITDA earned during the 2017 fiscal
year as compared to the adjusted EBITDA earned during the 2016 fiscal year (50% weighting). 

If none of the minimum threshold year-over-year
percentage target goals are achieved, the executive officers would not be awarded any shares. If all of the year-over-year percentage
target goals are achieved, the executive officers would be awarded shares having the following value: Chief Executive Officer ( CEO )
- $675,000 (150% of base salary); and Chief Services Officer ( CSO ) - $250,000 (100% of base salary). If all of the
maximum distinguished year-over-year percentage target goals are achieved, the executive officers would be awarded shares having
the following value: CEO - $1,012,500 (225% of base salary); and CSO - $375,000 (150% of base salary). Assuming the minimum threshold
year-over-year percentage target goal would be achieved for a particular metric, the number of shares to be awarded for that metric
would be determined on a pro rata basis, provided that the award would not exceed the maximum distinguished award for that metric.
The shares awarded under the 2017 LTI Stock Plan would vest as follows: one-third at the time of issuance; one-third on June 30,
2018; and one-third on June 30, 2019. 

The Company had long-term stock incentive
plans ( LTI ) in prior fiscal years for its then executive officers. Stock based compensation related to the LTI plans
was as follows in the three months ended September 2016 and 2015: 

11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

In the quarter ended September 30, 2016
the Company entered into a lease agreement for its operations in Portland, Oregon, which commenced October 1, 2016. The new location
consists of 5,362 square feet and will expire in December 2019. The lease includes monthly rental payments of $11 thousand. The
straight-line rent expense for this lease is $11 thousand per month. 

From time to time, the Company is involved
in various legal proceedings arising during the normal course of business which, in the opinion of the management of the Company,
will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position and results of operations or cash flows.    

PART I  

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements  

This Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding, among other things,
the anticipated financial and operating results of the Company. For this purpose, forward-looking statements are any statements
contained herein that are not statements of historical fact and include, but are not limited to, those preceded by or that include
the words,  estimate,   could,   should,   would,   likely,   may, 
 will,   plan,   intend,   believes,   expects,   anticipates, 
 projected,  or similar expressions. Those statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. The forward-looking
information is based on various factors and was derived using numerous assumptions. Important factors that could cause the Company s
actual results to differ materially from those projected, include, for example: 

general economic, market or business conditions unrelated
to our operating performance ;  

the ability of the Company to raise funds in the future through sales of securities or debt financing
in order to sustain its operations if an unexpected or unusual event would occur;   

the ability of the Company to compete with its competitors to obtain market share;   

whether the Company s current or future customers purchase, lease, rent or utilize ePort
devices or our other products in the future at levels currently anticipated by our Company;   

whether the Company s customers continue to utilize the Company s transaction processing
and related services, as our customer agreements are generally cancelable by the customer on thirty to sixty days  notice;   

the ability of the Company to satisfy its trade obligations included in accounts payable and accrued
expenses;   

the
ability of a sufficient number of our customers to utilize third party  financing  companies
under our QuickStart program resulting in improved net cash used by operating activities;    

the incurrence by us of any unanticipated or unusual non-operating expenses which would require
us to divert our cash resources from achieving our business plan;   

the ability of the Company to predict or estimate its future quarterly or annual revenues and expenses
given the developing and unpredictable market for its products;   

the ability of the Company to retain key customers from whom a significant portion of its revenues
are derived;   

the ability of a key customer to reduce or delay purchasing products from the Company;   

the ability of the Company to obtain widespread commercial acceptance of its products and service
offerings such as ePort QuickConnect, mobile payment and loyalty programs;   

whether any patents issued to the Company will provide the Company with any competitive advantages
or adequate protection for its products, or would be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others;   

the ability of the Company to operate without infringing the intellectual property rights of others;   

the ability of our products and services to avoid unauthorized hacking or credit card fraud;   

whether our remediation of the control deficiencies that gave rise to the material weakness that
we identified in our internal controls over financial reporting, and which was reflected in our annual report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, would be effective;   

whether we experience additional material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting
in the future, and are not able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations;   

whether our suppliers would increase their prices, reduce their output or change their terms of
sale; and   

our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, general corporate purposes or other purposes may be impaired.   

Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance,
or achievements. Actual results or business conditions may differ materially from those projected or suggested in forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors including, but not limited to, those described above. We cannot assure you that we have
identified all the factors that create uncertainties. Moreover, new risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our
management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all risks on our business or the extent to which any risk, or
combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Readers should
not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 

Any forward-looking statement made by us
in this Form 10-Q speaks only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly
revise any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events after the date of this Form 10-Q or to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events. 

OVERVIEW OF THE COMPANY  

USA Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ,
 We ,  USAT , or  Our ) was incorporated in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in January 1992.
We are a provider of technology-enabled solutions and value-added services that facilitate electronic payment transactions primarily
within the unattended Point of Sale ( POS ) market. We are a leading provider in the small ticket, beverage and food
vending industry and are expanding our solutions and services to other unattended market segments, such as amusement, commercial
laundry, kiosk and others. Since our founding, we have designed and marketed systems and solutions that facilitate electronic payment
options, as well as telemetry Internet of Things ( IoT ) and machine-to-machine ( M2M ) services, which
include the ability to remotely monitor, control, and report on the results of distributed assets containing our electronic payment
solutions. Historically, these distributed assets have relied on cash for payment in the form of coins or bills, whereas, our systems
allow them to accept cashless payments such as through the use of credit or debit cards or other emerging contactless forms, such
as mobile payment. 

The Company generates revenue in multiple
ways. During the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we derived 76% and 78% of our revenues from recurring license and
transaction fees related to our ePort Connect service and 24% and 22% of our revenue from equipment sales, respectively. Connections
to our service stem from the sale or lease of our POS electronic payment devices or certified payment software or the servicing
of similar third-party installed POS terminals. Connections to the ePort Connect service are the most significant driver of the
Company s revenues, particularly the recurring revenues from license and transaction fees. Customers can obtain POS electronic
payment devices from us in the following ways: 

Purchasing devices directly from the Company or one of its authorized resellers;   

Financing devices under the Company s QuickStart Program, which are non-cancellable sixty
month sales-type leases, through an unrelated equipment financing company or directly from the Company; and   

Renting devices under the Company s JumpStart Program, which are cancellable month-to-month
operating leases.   

Highlights of the Company are below: 

Three direct sales teams at the national, regional, and local customer-level and a growing number
of OEMs and national distribution partners   

78 United States and foreign patents are in force 

The Company s fiscal year ends June 30 th    

The Company has traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol  USAT  since 2007   

The Company has deferred tax assets of
approximately $28 million resulting from a series of operating loss carry forwards that may be available to offset future taxable
income from federal income taxes over the next five or more years. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Our consolidated
financial statements are prepared applying certain critical accounting policies. The SEC defines  critical accounting policies 
as those that require application of management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. Critical accounting policies
require numerous estimates and strategic or economic assumptions that may prove inaccurate or subject to variations and may significantly
affect our reported results and financial position for the period or in future periods. Changes in underlying factors, assumptions,
or estimates in any of these areas could have a material impact on our future financial condition and results of operations. Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and they conform to general practices in our industry. We apply
critical accounting policies consistently from period to period and intend that any change in methodology occur in an appropriate
manner. Accounting policies currently deemed critical are listed below:  

Revenue Recognition  

Revenue from the sale or QuickStart lease
of equipment is recognized on the terms of freight-on-board shipping point. Activation fee revenue is recognized when the Company s
cashless payment device is initially activated for use on the Company network. Transaction processing revenue is recognized upon
the usage of the Company s cashless payment and control network. License fees for access to the Company s devices and
network services are recognized on a monthly basis. In all cases, revenue is only recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed and determinable, and collection of the resulting
receivable is reasonably assured. The Company estimates an allowance for product returns at the date of sale and license and transaction
fee refunds on a monthly basis. 

ePort hardware is available to customers
under the QuickStart program pursuant to which the customer would enter into a five-year non-cancelable lease with either the Company
or a third-party financing company for the devices. At the end of the lease period, the customer would have the option to purchase
the device for a nominal fee. 

Long Lived Assets  

In accordance with ASC 360,  Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , the Company reviews its definite lived long-lived assets whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of an asset or group
of assets exceeds its net realizable value, the asset will be written down to its fair value. In the period when the plan of sale
criteria of ASC 360 are met, definite lived long-lived assets are reported as held for sale, depreciation and amortization cease,
and the assets are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

Goodwill represents the excess of cost
over fair value of the net assets purchased in acquisitions. The Company accounts for goodwill in accordance with ASC 350,  Intangibles
  Goodwill and Other . Under ASC 350, goodwill is not amortized to earnings, but instead is subject to periodic testing
for impairment. Testing for impairment is to be done at least annually and at other times if events or circumstances arise that
indicate that impairment may have occurred. The Company has selected April 1 as its annual test date. 

Non-compete agreements, brand, developed technology,
and customer relationships, with an estimated economic life, are carried at cost less accumulated amortization, which is calculated
on a straight-line basis over their estimated economic life. The Company reviews intangibles, subject to amortization, for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  

The Company maintains an allowance for
doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments, including from
a shortfall in the customer transaction fund flow from which the Company would normally collect amounts due. 

The allowance is determined through an
analysis of various factors including the aging of the accounts receivable, the strength of the relationship with the customer,
the capacity of the customer transaction fund flow to satisfy the amount due from the customer, an assessment of collection costs
and other factors. The allowance for doubtful accounts receivable is management s best estimate as of the respective reporting
date. The Company writes off accounts receivable against the allowance when management determines the balance is uncollectible
and the Company ceases collection efforts. Management believes that the allowance recorded is adequate to provide for its estimated
credit losses. 

HIGHLIGHTS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 INCLUDE:  

TRENDING QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA  

The following tables show certain financial
and non-financial data over a five-quarter period that management believes give readers insight into certain trends and relationships
about the Company s financial performance. 

Table 1: Five Quarters of Select Key Performance Indicators  

Five Quarter Connections   Other Data  

*Includes credit sales with standard trade receivable terms  

Highlights of USAT s connections for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 include: 

Table 2: Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 compared to Quarter
Ended September 30, 2015  

Revenue.  The increase in net new
connections of approximately 19,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately 16,000 in the
same period last year represents an increase of 19%. The Company s total connections have grown to 448,000 at September 30,
2016 compared to 349,000 at September 30, 2015, or a 28% increase year-over-year. The increase in total connections is driving
the growth in license and transaction fees of 27% quarter-over-quarter. The increase in equipment revenue is due to more units sold in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period last year. 

Gross Margin.  License and transaction
fees gross margin for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 decreased from 32.6% to 31.3% compared to the three-month
period ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in license and transaction gross margin is attributable to the increase in Visa and
MasterCard assessment fees, and the change in mix of cards used .  

Equipment gross margin decreased from 22.5%
for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015 to 20.0% for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. The decrease
in equipment gross margin quarter over quarter is primarily attributable to an increase in inventory reserves related primarily
to product returned under various upgrade programs. Increases to the reserve are charged to the Cost of Equipment account in the
Statement of Operations. 

Operating Expenses  Operating expenses
increased $2.2 million or 44% for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior period in 2015. The increases
are due to an increase in professional services of $1.7 million and $0.4 million increase in salaries and benefits. The $1.7 million
professional services increase as compared to the prior corresponding quarter is attributable to SOX 404 compliance, internal
audit, and audit of our financial statements driven primarily by our status as a first time accelerated filer which required an
audit of our annual SOX 404 assessment. The $0.4 million increase in salaries and benefits is due to an increase in employee
compensation, headcount and employee related medical benefits. The operating expenses as a percentage of sales increased for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 to 33% compared to 30% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Management expects
decreased quarterly SG A expenses during the remainder of fiscal year 2017 due to, among other things, anticipated cost reductions
in professional services.  

Total Other Income (Expense).  Includes
interest expense, other income, and the change in the fair value of warrants. The primary driver for volatility in Other Income
/ (Expense) has been non-cash changes to the fair value of the warrant liabilities which are based on the Company s stock
price. Using the Black-Scholes model, the Company adjusts the warrant liability for fair value through the income statement quarterly.
For the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 the Company recorded expense of $1.5 million for the change in the fair value
of warrant liabilities compared to income of $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The change in both periods
can be primarily attributed to the increase or decrease in the market price of the Company s common stock at the respective
valuation dates. 

Net
Income (Loss).    Net income (loss) is a function
of the items described above. Net loss for the first quarter was $2.5 million compared to net income of $0.4 million for the comparable
period a year ago. This quarter s net loss is primarily attributable to the increase in the fair value of warrant liabilities
of $1.5 million, as well as the operating loss which reflects a $1.7 million dollar increase in professional service fees as compared
to the prior corresponding quarter, which is related to SOX 404 compliance, internal audit, and audit of our financial statements
driven primarily by our status as a first time accelerated filer which required an audit of our annual SOX 404 assessment. The
warrants requiring liability accounting treatment were all exercised by the September expiration date.  

Adjusted EBITDA.  For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 adjusted EBITDA decreased from $1.7 million at September 30, 2015 to $0.7 million at September 30, 2016.
The $1.0 million decrease was primarily due to increases in professional service fees and salaries and benefits reflected in SG A. 

Non-GAAP Net Income (Loss).  For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 non-GAAP net income decreased $1.0 million primarily due to a decrease of the non-cash
portion of the income tax provision of $0.9 million compared to the previous period in 2015. 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding. 
The increase in the weighted average number of common shares was due to exercises of warrants and to stock issued through the Company s
stock based compensation programs. 

Table 4: Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted
EBITDA:  

As used herein, Adjusted EBITDA represents
net income (loss) before interest income, interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, non-recurring fees and charges
that were incurred in connection with the integration of the VendScreen business, change in fair value of warrant liabilities and
stock-based compensation expense. We have excluded the non-operating item, change in fair value of warrant liabilities, because
it represents a non-cash gain or charge that is not related to the Company s operations. We have excluded the non-cash expense,
stock-based compensation, as it does not reflect the cash-based operations of the Company. We have excluded the non-recurring costs
and expenses incurred in connection with the VendScreen transaction in order to allow more accurate comparison of the financial
results to historical operations. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure which is not required by or defined under GAAP
(Generally Accepted Accounting Principles). The presentation of this financial measure is not intended to be considered in isolation
or as a substitute for the financial measures prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, including the net income or net loss
of the Company or net cash used in operating activities. Management recognizes that non-GAAP financial measures have limitations
in that they do not reflect all of the items associated with the Company s net income or net loss as determined in accordance
with GAAP, and are not a substitute for or a measure of the Company s profitability or net earnings. Adjusted EBITDA is presented
because we believe it is useful to investors as a measure of comparative operating performance. Additionally, the Company utilizes
Adjusted EBTIDA as a metric in its executive officer and management incentive compensation plans.  

Table 5: Selling General   Administrative (SG A)
Expenses    

Salaries and Benefit Costs .
   Includes employee compensation and benefits, directors 
fees, incentives, and stock-based compensation. The increase in cost for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, related
to increases in employee compensation, headcount, primarily due to the VendScreen acquisition and employee health benefits .  

Marketing Related.  Marketing related
costs were relatively flat for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 in comparison to this same period 2015. 

Professional Services.   Includes information
technology, legal, public relations, auditing, SOX 404 and other consulting work. The increase for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016 is related to SOX 404 compliance, internal audit, and audit of our financial statements driven primarily
by our status as a first time accelerated filer which required an audit of our annual SOX 404 assessment. The Company anticipates
decreased professional services fees during the remainder of fiscal 2017. 

Bad Debt expense.  Provision for
bad debt reflects the most current assessment of reserves required. 

Premises, equipment and insurance costs. 
Includes facilities, supplies, printing and postage, sales   use taxes, and workers compensation. The increase for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was from increases in rent expense for the addition of the
Portland Office in January 2016 and new lease agreements for its Malvern, PA offices, and liability insurance. 

Research and development.  Includes
product development costs that cannot be capitalized, including materials and contractors. 

Non-recurring charges . Includes
VendScreen integration expenses for professional fees. 

Litigation related professional fees.  Includes
legal and other professional fees incurred in connection with the class action litigation and investigation conducted by the Special
Litigation Committee of the Board of Directors described in our Form 10-K for the 2016 fiscal year (the  SLC Investigation ). 

Other expenses.  Includes bank fees,
recruiting expenses, non-inventory supplies, and subscriptions. 

Table 6: Non-GAAP Earnings (Loss) per
Share  

The increase in the weighted average number
of common shares was due to exercises of warrants and to stock issued through the Company s stock based compensation programs. 

As used herein, non-GAAP net income (loss)
represents GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) net income (loss) excluding costs or benefits relating to any adjustment
for fair value of warrant liabilities and non-cash portions of the Company s income tax benefit (provision), non-recurring
fees and charges that were incurred in connection with the integration of the VendScreen business, and professional fees incurred
in connection with the class action litigation and the SLC Investigation. Non-GAAP net earnings (loss) per common share - diluted is calculated by dividing non-GAAP net income
(loss) applicable to common shares by the number of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. Management believes that non-GAAP
net income (loss) is an important measure of USAT s business. Non-GAAP net income (loss) is a non-GAAP financial measure
which is not required by or defined under GAAP. The presentation of this financial measure is not intended to be considered in
isolation or as a substitute for the financial measures prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, including the net income
or net loss of the Company or net cash used in operating activities. Management recognizes that non-GAAP financial measures have
limitations in that they do not reflect all of the items associated with the Company s net income or net loss as determined
in accordance with GAAP, and are not a substitute for or a measure of the Company s profitability or net earnings. Management
believes that non-GAAP net income (loss) and non-GAAP net earnings (loss) per share are important measures of the Company's business.
Management uses the aforementioned non-GAAP measures to monitor and evaluate ongoing operating results and trends and to gain an
understanding of our comparative operating performance. We believe that this non-GAAP financial measure serves as a useful metric
for our management and investors because they enable a better understanding of the long-term performance of our core business and
facilitate comparisons of our operating results over multiple periods, and when taken together with the corresponding GAAP financial
measures and our reconciliations, enhance investors  overall understanding of our current and future financial performance.
Additionally, the Company utilizes non-GAAP net income (loss) as a metric in its executive officer and management incentive compensation
plans.  

Table 7: Balance Sheet as of September
30, 2016 Compared to June 30, 2016  

Key points from the Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 compared
to June 30, 2016 include: 

$9.1
                                         million increase to shareholders  equity primarily due to $11.4 million increase
                                         in common stock offset by our $2.5 million net loss. Common stock increased by $6.2 million
                                         of cash proceeds and $5.2 million of fair value, both attributable to warrants exercised
                                         for issuance of approximately 2.4 million shares of common stock;    

$9.1 million increase in net working capital primarily attributable to $3.7 million decrease in
accounts payable as a result of last day of the quarter occurring on a Friday and elimination of any warrant liabilities as of
September 30, 2016;   

$3.7 million decrease in warrant liabilities due to exercise of all remaining applicable warrants during the
current quarter; 

$3.7 million decrease in accounts payable primarily as a result of the last day of the quarter occurring on
a Friday, which has the highest level of routine customer payments of all weekdays; and, 

$2.2 million increase in inventory  to
provide stock for anticipated sales in subsequent quarters.  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

Table 8: Quarterly Cash Flows  

Operating cash flow for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $6.6 million from the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The decrease is primarily due to: 

$5.4
                                         million decrease in cash provided by operating assets and liabilities, comprised primarily
                                         of   

$2.6
                                         million used for accounts payable attributable to the last day of the current quarter
                                         being a Friday, the weekday on which we transfer the largest routine payments to our
                                         customers for their cashless transaction proceeds net of our license and transaction
                                         fees; and   

$2.4
                                         million used for inventory for anticipated sales in subsequent quarters.   

$1.3
                                         million decrease in net income (loss) as adjusted for non-cash operating items comprised
                                         of   

$2.5
                                         million net loss offset by $2.9 million of non-cash operating items for the quarter ended
                                         September 30, 2016, as compared to   

Financing activities, namely $6.2 million
of proceeds from exercise of common stock warrants, contributed to positive cash flow from financing activities during the three
months ended September 30, 2016. 

In September 2014, the Company reintroduced
QuickStart, a program whereby our customers are able to purchase our ePort hardware via a five-year, non-cancellable finance agreement.
Under the QuickStart program, the Company sells the equipment to customers and creates a long-term and current finance receivable
for five-year agreements. In the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2015, the Company signed vendor agreements with two finance
companies, whereby our customers would enter into agreements directly with the finance companies as part of our QuickStart program.
Under this scenario, the Company invoices the finance company for the equipment financed by our customer, and typically receives
full payment within thirty days. Prior to the reintroduction of QuickStart, the Company had financed its customers  acquisition
of ePort equipment primarily through the JumpStart rental program. Under Jumpstart, the Company records an investing capital expenditure
cash outflow for the equipment provided and fixed assets on the balance sheet, and then receives rental income from a month-to-month
lease. QuickStart through third-party finance companies reduces cash flow needed for investing activities and improves the cash
flow from operations. 

Since entering into vendor agreements
with two third-party finance companies, the majority of QuickStart sales consummated have been with customers entering into agreements
directly with the finance companies. Our customers have shifted from acquiring our products via JumpStart, which accounted for
65% of our gross connections in fiscal year 2014, to QuickStart and sales under normal trade receivable terms, which accounted
for 89% and 91% of our gross connections in fiscal year 2015 and 2016, respectively. JumpStart was approximately 8% of gross connections
in the first three months of fiscal year 2017. 

The Company is seeking to expand its
outside financing partners. The goal of the program would be to have enough finance partners so that the Company would not need
to provide financing to its customers. 

Sources of Cash  

The Company s liquidity position
is demonstrated by its net working capital, which is defined as current assets less current liabilities, which was $14.0 million,
$4.9 million, ($0.2) million, $9.9 million, and $7.7 million over the last five quarter-end reporting dates beginning September
30, 2016 and working backwards. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s primary sources of cash include: 

Cash
                                         on hand of approximately $18.2 million;   

$4.7
                                         million available under the line of credit provided we continue to satisfy the various
                                         covenants set forth in the loan agreement, including the requirement to meet minimum
                                         quarterly adjusted EBITDA, as defined in the loan agreement;   

Sales
                                         to third party lenders of all or a portion of our finance receivables; and   

Anticipated
                                         cash which may be provided by operating activities in future quarters.   

The Company believes its existing cash
and available cash resources described above, would provide sufficient capital resources to operate its anticipated business over
the next twelve months. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

There have been no significant changes
to our market risk since June 30, 2016. For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A.  Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,  contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. 

Item 4. Controls
and Procedures.  

(a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management evaluated, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, the effectiveness as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")). We maintain disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of such period because of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (the "2016 Form 10-K"), as described below. Notwithstanding the material weakness identified in the 2016 Form 10-K, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.  

(b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

In our Form 2016 10-K, we stated that based on its assessment, management identified control deficiencies, including three significant deficiencies, in the design or operating effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, which when aggregated, represent a material weakness in internal control. The significant deficiencies included that the operation of an existing control did not result in timely resolution of account receivable aging issues; the design of certain of our internal controls allowed for errors or omissions in the accrual process; and one operational control did not identify certain merchant receivables as one of the critical accounts to be audited on a monthly basis.  

During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company implemented the following changes in its internal
controls over financial reporting relating to the significant deficiencies identified in our 2016 Form 10-K:  

With respect to accounts receivable aging and related reserves, the related internal control has been expanded
to include more frequent and more detailed analysis of accounts receivable including the recording of accruals, write-downs, write-offs
or other changes as needed.  

In connection with the errors or omissions in the accrual process, the related internal control was redesigned
during the first quarter to include improved control over timely recording of accruals. Further, the length of time in which post-closing
accounts payable are satisfied was extended to provide a more detailed analysis of accounts payable and related accruals, and to
ensure that an expense is recorded in its proper period.  

In connection with the significant deficiency relating to the operational control which did not identify merchant
receivables as one of the critical accounts to be audited on a monthly basis, management has identified the merchant receivable
as a critical account to be analyzed each month. 

We are in the process of remediating the control deficiencies that gave rise to the material weakness, including the significant deficiencies referred to above. As stated in the 2016 Form 10-K, we are committed to remediating the control deficiencies that gave rise to the material weakness.  

Except as described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred
during our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal controls over financial reporting.  

Part II - Other Information . 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

As previously reported, on October 1, 2015,
a purported class action was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania against the Company
and its executive officers alleging violations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On April 14, 2016, the Court issued an
order granting the Company s motion to dismiss the amended complaint without leave to amend and the plaintiff filed an appeal
of this order with the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. On August 16, 2016, the plaintiff filed a motion for
relief from final judgment with the District Court seeking an order modifying the District Court s previous order dismissing
the complaint, and permitting the plaintiff to file another amended complaint. On September 19, 2016, the District Court issued
an order denying the plaintiff s motion for relief from final judgment, and on October 4, 2016, the plaintiff filed an appeal
of this order with the Court of Appeals. On October 6, 2016, the Court of Appeals consolidated the two appeals of plaintiff for
all purposes, and issued a briefing and scheduling order. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

There were no defaults on any senior securities.
On August 1, 2016, an additional $334 thousand of dividends were accrued on our cumulative Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.
The total accrued and unpaid dividends on our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock as of September 30, 2016 was $14 million. The
dividend accrual dates for our Preferred Stock are February 1 and August 1. The annual cumulative dividend on our Preferred Stock
is $1.50 per share. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

USA TECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

Date: November 9, 2016 
       
     /s/ Stephen P. Herbert 

Stephen P. Herbert,  

Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 9, 2016 
       
     /s/ Leland P. Maxwell 

Leland P. Maxwell  

Interim Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600714_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  

I, Stephen P. Herbert, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of USA
Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s most recent fiscal
quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The issuer s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the auditors
and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
       
     /s/ Stephen P. Herbert 

Stephen P. Herbert  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600714_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  

I, Leland P. Maxwell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of USA Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s most recent fiscal
quarter (the issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The issuer s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the auditors
and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
       
     /s/ Leland P. Maxwell 

Leland P. Maxwell  

Interim Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1600714_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly
Report of USA Technologies, Inc., (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ),
I, Stephen P. Herbert., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
       
     /s/ Stephen P. Herbert 

Stephen P. Herbert  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 t1600714_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)  

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly
Report of USA Technologies, Inc., (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ),
I, Leland P. Maxwell, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016 
       
     /s/ Leland P. Maxwell 

Leland P. Maxwell  

Interim Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 usat-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 usat-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 usat-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 usat-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 usat-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 usat-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

