<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_914025_0000914025-16-000103_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6564735</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>109072</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>778655</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2155458</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2539210</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>861473</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000914025-16-000103.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101160608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000914025-16-000103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PLANTRONICS INC /CA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000914025
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				770207692
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12696
		FILM NUMBER:		161964811

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 ENCINAL ST
		CITY:			SANTA CRUZ
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95061-1802
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8314587828

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 ENCINAL STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1802
		CITY:			SANTA CRUZ
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95061-1802

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PI PARENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000914025-16-000103.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 form10-qq217.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
    
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
    
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   October 1, 2016    
    
  or 

For the transition period from ________to _________ 
    
  Commission File Number:  001-12696 
    
  Plantronics, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                 Delaware 
    77-0207692 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

345 Encinal Street 
  Santa Cruz, California 95060 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
  (Zip Code) 
    
  (831) 426-5858 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x   No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x   No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                     Large accelerated filer   x 
    Accelerated filer   o 
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
    Smaller reporting company   o 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o   No   x 
    
  As of   October 28, 2016  ,   33,287,081   shares of the registrant's common stock were outstanding. 

1 

Plantronics, Inc. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    Page No. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    3 

Overview  
    3 

Results of Operations  
    5 

Financial Condition  
    10 

Contractual Obligations  
    12 

Critical Accounting Estimates  
    13 

Financial Statements (Unaudited):  
    14 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2016 and September 30, 2016  
    14 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016  
    15 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016  
    16 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2015 and 2016  
    17 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    18 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    31 

Controls and Procedures  
    32 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Legal Proceedings  
    33 

Risk F   actors 
    33 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of P   roceeds 
    33 

E   xhibits 
    35 

SIGNATURES  
    37 

Plantronics , Clarity , and Simply Smarter Communications  are trademarks or registered trademarks of Plantronics, Inc. 
    
  DECT  is a trademark of ETSI registered for the benefit of its members in France and other jurisdictions. 
    
  The Bluetooth name and the Bluetooth  trademarks are owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and are used by Plantronics, Inc. under license.  All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

Part I -- FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  CERTAIN FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION:  
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"). Forward-looking statements may generally be identified by the use of such words as "anticipate," "believe,"  could,  "expect," "intend,"  may,  "plan," "potential," "shall," "will,"  would,  or variations of such words and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms. Specific forward-looking statements contained within this Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements regarding (i) our belief that our revenues may be materially affected by fluctuations in exchange rates, the global economy and consumer spending,  
  (ii) how our new cloud-based service offerings complement our existing and future hardware offerings, (iii) our belief that our "as-a-service" offerings will expand the reach of our solutions portfolio and grow our business, (iv) our intention to provide customer data insight through software and service solutions, (v) the Unified Communications ("UC") market, including adoption of UC products, our position, and timing and growth expectations in this market, (vi) our expectations regarding the impact of our "as a service" offerings in the UC market, (vii) our intentions regarding investments in long-term growth opportunities and our core research and development effort, (viii) our intentions regarding the focus of our sales, marketing and customer services and support teams on UC, (ix) the future of UC technologies, including the transition of businesses to UC-supported systems, the effect on headset adoption and use, the effects on enterprises that adopt UC and our expectations concerning our revenue opportunity and profit growth, (x) our expenses, including research, development and engineering expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, (xi) fluctuations in our cash provided by operating activities as a result of various factors including fluctuations in revenues and operating expenses, timing of product shipments, accounts receivable collections, inventory and supply chain management, and the timing and amount of taxes and other payments, (xii) our future tax rate and payments related to unrecognized tax benefits, (xiii) our anticipated range of capital expenditures for the remainder of fiscal year 2017 and the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents, and cash from operations to sustain future operations and discretionary cash requirements, (xiv) our planned investment of and need for our foreign cash and our ability to repatriate that cash, (xv) our ability to draw funds on our credit facility as needed, (xvi) future fluctuations in our cash provided by operating activities, (xvii) the sufficiency of our capital resources to fund operations, and (xviii) the outcome and effect of legal proceedings, in particular our litigation with GN Netcom, as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects and business strategies.  Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements are included, but not limited to, those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on   May 16, 2016  ; and other documents filed with the SEC.  We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.  Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

OVERVIEW 
    
  We are a leading designer, manufacturer, and marketer of lightweight communications headsets, telephone headset systems, other communication endpoints, and accessories for the worldwide business and consumer markets under the Plantronics brand. In addition, we manufacture and market specialty telephone products under our Clarity brand, such as telephones for the hearing impaired, and other related products for people with special communication needs. Our major product categories are Enterprise, which includes headsets optimized for Unified Communications ( UC ), other corded and cordless communication headsets, audio processors, and telephone systems; and Consumer, which includes Bluetooth and corded products for mobile device applications, personal computer and gaming headsets, and specialty products marketed for hearing impaired individuals. 
    
  We ship our products to approximately 80 countries through a network of distributors, retailers, resellers, wireless carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and telephony service providers.  We have well-developed distribution channels in North America, Europe, and in some parts of the Asia Pacific region where use of our products is widespread.  Our distribution channels in other geographic regions are less mature, and while we primarily serve contact centers in those regions, we continue to expand into the office, mobile, and gaming and computer audio markets in those regions and other international locations.   
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

Net Revenues   (in millions) 
      Operating Income   (in millions) 

Compared to the first half of fiscal year 2016, net revenues increased   4.3%   to   $439.3 million  .  The increase in net revenues was driven by higher revenues within our Consumer product category, which grew   18.0%   or   $19.7 million   from the year ago period, partially offset by a decrease within our Enterprise product category which declined   0.6%   or   $1.8 million   from the year ago period.  
    
  Typically, we generate approximately 40% to 45% of our revenues from international sales; therefore, the impact of currency movements on our net revenues can be significant. In addition, in some international locations where we sell in United States Dollar ("USD") we also face additional pricing pressure, discounting, and lost business as a stronger USD negatively impacts buying decisions.  While the overall impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on our net revenues was not material, unfavorable impacts from the global economy and consumer spending together with exchange rate fluctuations could negatively impact our net revenues in future periods. 
    
  Operating profit for the first half of fiscal year 2017 was   $63.2 million   and   14.4%   of net income, compared to   $63.5 million   and   15.1%   of net income in the prior year period.   
    
  Net income for the first half of fiscal year 2017   increased     4.4%   to   $40.9 million  , representing   9.3%   of our net revenues, compared to   $39.1 million   and   9.3%   in the year ago period.  
      
  Revenues from our Consumer products are seasonal and typically strongest in our third fiscal quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping season.  Additionally, other factors directly impact our Consumer product category performance, such as consumer preferences, changes in consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors, fluctuations in foreign currency rates relative to the USD, product life-cycles (including the introduction and pace of adoption of new technology), and the competitive retail environment.  In addition, retailer placements can cause volatility in quarter to quarter results. 
    
  While our Consumer business has been impacted in recent quarters by a decline in sales volumes of our mono Bluetooth products as the category matures and declines, we have experienced modest growth in the product line during the first half of fiscal year 2017 driven by the launch of our premium Voyager 5200 model.  Additionally, the unit volumes in our stereo Bluetooth product line increased when compared to the year ago period  ,   driven primarily by the newly launched version of BackBeat FIT.  Unit volumes in our gaming product portfolio more than doubled in the first two quarters of fiscal 2017 when compared to the prior year, driven primarily by new product launches.  
    
  In the first half of fiscal year 2017 we launched our new data insights "as-a-service" offerings.      Revenue associated with this offering is still nominal as this is a new business for us and many customers are in a trial period.  We anticipate that our cloud-based service offerings will complement our existing and future suites of hardware products as we move toward a hybrid business model of hardware, software, and services. We believe that our "as-a-service" offerings will allow us to expand the reach of our solutions portfolio and grow our business. During the remainder of fiscal year 2017, we will continue to strive to build out our tools to collect data and transform it into actionable insights for our customers through software and service solutions that offer reporting on asset management, usage, and conversation/acoustic health.  

4 

     Table of Contents  

Looking forward to the remainder of fiscal year 2017, UC continues to be a primary focus area. With the vast majority of the UC opportunity still ahead of us, we believe we are in the early stage of a long period of growth. We believe UC represents a key long-term driver of revenue and profit growth, as we anticipate UC systems will become more commonly adopted by enterprises to reduce costs and improve collaboration.  The increased adoption of UC in conjunction with our "as-a-service" offerings will also allow us to offer previously unavailable data insights that customers deem valuable. We believe growth of UC will increase overall headset adoption in enterprise environments, and we expect most of the growth in our Enterprise product category over the next five years to come from headsets designed for UC. 
    
  We remain cautious about the macroeconomic environment due to global economic and geopolitical uncertainty, which makes it difficult for us to gauge what impact the economy may have on our future business.  Moreover, the UC market has not matured as quickly as we had initially anticipated. We will continue to monitor and prioritize expenditures that further our strategic long-term growth opportunities, including the use of software and services as part of our portfolio. UC will also remain the central focus of our sales force, marketing group, and other customer service and support teams as we continue investing in key strategic alliances and integrations with major UC vendors. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year-over-year Increase / (Decrease)     (  Q2 FY17   to   Q2 FY16  ) 

Net Revenues     (in millions)                               Revenue by Product Category   (percent) 

5 

Year-to-date vs. Year-to-date Increase / (Decrease)     (  Q2 FY17 YTD   to   Q2 FY16 YTD  ) 

Net Revenues     (in millions)                               Revenue by Product Category   (percent) 

Enterprise products represent our largest source of both revenues and unit volumes.  Net revenues may vary due to seasonality, the timing of new product introductions and discontinuation of existing products, discounts and other incentives, and channel mix.  Net revenues derived from sales into the Consumer products retail channel typically account for a seasonal increase in net revenues in the third quarter of our fiscal year. 
    
  Net revenues increased in the three and six months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods a year ago due to higher revenues within our Consumer product category driven by the launch of new and updated products within the first half of the fiscal year. This increase in Consumer product revenues may reflect some load-in effects as our retail channel partners place higher initial orders; however, our retail channel inventory levels remain within a normal range for our business. Net revenues within our Enterprise product category decreased slightly, driven by volume declines in our Core Enterprise (non-UC) product category, partially offset by stable growth in our UC product category. While we may experience foreign exchange fluctuations in our net revenues during the remainder of fiscal year 2017, the overall foreign exchange impact during our first and second quarters was not material. 

6 

Geographic Information   (in millions)                                                          Revenue by Region   (percent) 

Compared to the same prior year period, U.S. net revenues   decreased     3.8%   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016     due to double digit declines in unit volumes in Core Enterprise sales, partially offset by solid growth in our domestic UC product revenues and Consumer product sales, driven by newly launched stereo Bluetooth and gaming products.  
    
  Compared to the same prior year period, U.S. net revenues increased 2.5% in the six months ended   September 30, 2016     due to solid growth in our domestic UC product revenues and Consumer product sales, driven by newly launched stereo Bluetooth and gaming products.  These increases were partially offset by a decrease in Core Enterprise product revenues. 
    
  International net revenues for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 increased from the same year ago periods due to solid growth in our UC product revenues and Consumer product sales, driven by newly launched mono Bluetooth products.  These increases were partially offset by a decrease in Core Enterprise product revenues. Hedging gains impacting revenue have diminished from $2.2 million and $5.7 million in the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, respectively to $0.8 million and $1.0 million in the comparable current year periods as currency rates have stabilized and last year's 12 month forward hedging rolls off.  In addition, while we may experience foreign exchange fluctuations in our net revenues during the remainder of our fiscal year, the overall foreign exchange impact during our first and second quarters     was not material. 

7 

COST OF REVENUES AND GROSS PROFIT 
    
  Cost of revenues consists primarily of direct manufacturing and contract manufacturer costs, warranty, freight, depreciation, and duties expense, charges for excess and obsolete inventory, royalties, and an allocation of overhead expenses, including facilities, IT, and human resources.  

Compared to the same prior year periods, gross profit as a percentage of net revenues decreased in the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016   due primarily to a product mix shift within Enterprise toward more UC sales, which carry lower margins than our non-UC Enterprise products, and a product mix shift from Enterprise to Consumer. The decrease was partially offset by favorable material cost reductions and the favorable impact of the non-recurrence of a $3.6 million adjustment to our customer discount reserve for channel inventory taken in the year ago quarter. 
    
  There are significant variances in gross profit percentages between our higher and lower margin products; therefore, small variations in product mix, which can be difficult to predict, can have a significant impact on our gross profit.  Gross profit may also vary based on distribution channel, return rates, and other factors. 
    
  RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND ENGINEERING 
    
  Research, development, and engineering costs are expensed as incurred and consist primarily of compensation costs, outside services, including legal fees associated with protecting our intellectual property, expensed materials, travel expenses, depreciation, and an allocation of overhead expenses, including facilities, IT, and human resources. 

During the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016  , research, development, and engineering expenses decreased compared to the same prior year periods due primarily to the timing of the new product development cycle. 
    
  SELLING, GENERAL, AND ADMINISTRATIVE 
    
  Selling, general, and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, marketing costs, travel expenses, litigation and professional service fees, and allocations of overhead expenses, including facilities, IT, and human resources. 

Compared to the same periods a year ago, selling, general, and administrative expenses increased in the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016   due primarily to $2.8 million in executive transition costs recorded in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  .  

8 

(GAIN) LOSS, NET FROM LITIGATION SETTLEMENTS 

In the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 we recorded a $5 million litigation charge within operating income related to discovery sanctions ordered by the court in the GN anti-trust case. This charge was partially offset by immaterial gains from unrelated intellectual property cases. See   Note 6  ,   Commitments and Contingencies   for further information regarding on-going litigation.  
    
  RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER RELATED CHARGES/ADJUSTMENTS 
    
  Restructuring adjustments for the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $0.4 million   and   $1.5 million  , respectively.  These favorable adjustments were the result of changes in estimates from the restructuring charges recorded in the second half of fiscal year 2016.  There were no such charges in the year ago periods. 
    
  INTEREST EXPENSE 
    
  Interest expense for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015   and   2016   was   $7.3 million  .  Interest expense for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016   was   $10.1 million   and   $14.5 million  , respectively. Such costs are primarily related to the 5.50% Senior Notes and include an immaterial amount in amortization of debt issuance costs. 
    
  OTHER NON-OPERATING INCOME AND (EXPENSE), NET   

Compared to the same periods a year ago, other non-operating income and (expense), net increased in the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016   due primarily to the impact of foreign exchange gains/losses, net of hedge gains.  Foreign exchange losses, net of hedge impacts were   $1.8 million   and   $2.4 million   for the three and six months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, compared to immaterial foreign exchange gains, net of hedge impacts for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and foreign exchange gains, net of hedge impacts of   $1.5 million   for the six months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  INCOME TAX EXPENSE  

The decrease in the effective tax rate for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   is due primarily to the federal research and development credit, which was permanently reinstated in December 2015, as well as a shift in our geographic mix of income from higher tax jurisdictions to lower tax jurisdictions due in part to the U.S. executive transition costs accrued during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   is due primarily to the federal research and development credit and a shift in our geographic mix of income from higher tax jurisdictions to lower tax jurisdictions, partially offset by the favorable closure of a tax audit during the six months ended September 30, 2015. 

9 

We and our subsidiaries are subject to taxation in the U.S. as well as various foreign and state jurisdictions. All U.S. federal tax matters have been concluded for tax years prior to fiscal year 2013. The California Franchise Tax Board completed its examination of our 2007 and 2008 tax years. We have received a Notice of Proposed Assessment and responded by filing a protest letter. The amount of the proposed assessment is not material. Foreign income tax matters for material tax jurisdictions have been concluded for tax years prior to fiscal year 2011, except for the United Kingdom, which has been concluded for tax years prior to fiscal year 2015. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
                   Operating Cash Flow   (in millions) 
    Investing Cash Flow     (in millions) 
    Financing Cash Flow   (in millions) 

Our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by operating activities and, on occasion, financing obtained from capital markets, and other debt sources, such as our revolving credit line.  We believe that internally generated cash flows are generally sufficient to support our businesses operations, capital expenditures, restructuring activities, principal and interest payment of debt, income tax payments and the payment of stockholder dividends, in addition to investments and share repurchases.  We expect that cash provided by operating activities will fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our revenues and operating expenses, the timing of product shipments during the quarter, accounts receivable collections, inventory and supply chain management, and the timing and amount of tax, interest, annual bonus, and other payments.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a revolving credit facility available to provide up to   $100.0 million   of additional financing.  The credit facility expires in   May 2019  . 
    
  Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities during the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased slightly from the prior year primarily due to an interest payment on our 5.50% Senior Notes, payments for restructuring activities, and a payment related to the GN discovery sanctions accrual, compared to no such payments in the year ago period.  These items were partially offset by increased collections from customers driven by higher revenues in the first half of fiscal year 2017 and lower cash payments for income taxes when compared to the year ago period. 
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash used for investing activities during the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased compared to the prior year period due primarily to a net increase in purchases of investments and an increase in capital expenditures.   
    
  We estimate total capital expenditures for fiscal year   2017   will be approximately $25.0 million to $30.0 million.  Large capital expenditures during the year include costs associated with the purchase and related construction of a new smarter working office for our European headquarters in the Netherlands as well as costs associated with building improvements at our U.S. headquarters, the implementation of a manufacturing execution system at our facility in Mexico, and other IT-related expenditures.  The remainder of the anticipated capital expenditures for fiscal year 2017 consist primarily of capital investment in our manufacturing capabilities, including tooling for new products.  We will continue to evaluate new business opportunities and new markets.  Our future growth within the existing business or new opportunities and markets may require us to obtain additional financing or make additional capital expenditures to support such growth. 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash used for financing activities during the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased from the prior year period.  This   increase   was driven primarily by the non-recurrence of net proceeds received from issuance of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.50% senior notes (the  5.50% Senior Notes ) in the year ago period partially offset by a decrease in cash used for repurchases of our common stock.  
    
  On   November 1, 2016  , we announced that the Audit Committee of our Board ("the Audit Committee") had declared a cash dividend of   $0.15   per share, payable on   December 9, 2016   to stockholders of record at the close of business on   November 18, 2016  .  We expect to continue paying a quarterly dividend of   $0.15   per share; however, the actual declaration of dividends and the establishment of record and payment dates are subject to final determination by the Audit Committee each quarter after its review of our financial performance and financial position. 
    
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Our primary discretionary cash requirements have historically been for repurchases of our common stock and to fund stockholder dividends.  As a result of the issuance of the 5.50% Senior Notes, we have contractually required interest payments of approximately $13.8 million each November and May through the life of the notes. These payments require use of our domestic cash.  
    
  In October 2012, GN brought an antitrust action against Plantronics, Inc., alleging violations of the Sherman Act, the Clayton Act, and Delaware common law. In July 2016, we were ordered to pay sanctions related to certain discovery matters in the litigation consisting of monetary sanctions in the form of reasonable fees and costs incurred by GN in connection with the disputes leading to the motion for sanctions in an amount to be determined, and punitive sanctions in the amount of $3 million. As a result, for the three months ended June 30, 2016, we accrued a $5 million charge related to this matter.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016 we made a $3 million payment related to this liability.  We expect to pay the remaining balance, which was reduced to$1.9 million, in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 which will require the use of our domestic cash. This amount is included within accrued liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet.  The court also awarded additional non-monetary sanctions, including possible evidentiary sanctions and adverse inference jury instructions at trial.  We are not accruing any financial damages related to the underlying antitrust case.  We believe that the underlying antitrust action is without merit and are vigorously defending ourselves; however, if GN prevails in its antitrust suit against us, we could be required to pay substantial damages, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, statement of cash flows, and results of operations. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had working capital of   $525.7 million  , including   $422.9 million   of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, compared with working capital of   $487.8 million  , including   $395.3 million   of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at   March 31, 2016  .   
    
  Our cash and cash equivalents as of   September 30, 2016   consisted of bank deposits with third party financial institutions.  We monitor bank balances in our operating accounts and adjust the balances as appropriate.  Cash balances are held throughout the world, including substantial amounts held outside of the U.S.  As of   September 30, 2016  , of our   $422.9 million   of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments,   $27.7 million   was held domestically while   $395.3 million   was held by foreign subsidiaries, approximately 90% of which were based in USD-denominated investments.  The costs to repatriate our foreign earnings to the U.S. would be material; however, our intent is to indefinitely reinvest earnings from foreign operations and our current plans do not require us to repatriate earnings from foreign operations to fund our U.S. operations because we generate sufficient domestic operating cash flow and have access to external funding under our revolving line of credit.   
    
  Our short and long-term investments are intended to establish a high-quality portfolio that preserves principal and meets liquidity needs.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our investments were composed of   Mutual Funds, US Treasury Notes, Government Agency Securities, Commercial Paper, Corporate Bonds, and Certificates of Deposits ("CDs")  . 
    
  From time to time, depending on market conditions, our Board has authorized plans under which we may repurchase shares of our common stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions.  During the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   613,021   shares of our common stock in the open market as part of these publicly announced repurchase programs.  The total cost of these repurchases was   $26.8 million  , with an average price of   $43.76   per share.  In addition, we withheld   206,561   shares with a total value of   $9.1 million   in satisfaction of employee tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock granted under our stock plans.   

11 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , there remained   1,020,990   shares authorized for repurchase under the stock repurchase programs approved by the Board on   January 29, 2016   and   July 29, 2016  .  For more information regarding our stock repurchase programs, refer to   Note 9  ,   Common Stock Repurchases  , of the accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  In   May 2011  , we entered into a credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ("the Bank"), which was most recently amended in   May 2016   (as amended, the "Amended Credit Agreement") to extend the term of the Credit Agreement by one year to   May 9, 2019  , and to waive a default under the Credit Agreement in effect as of   March 31, 2016   in which our debt to EBITDA ratio minimally exceeded the previously agreed upon ratio of 3:1. The breach of the covenant was primarily a result of the restructuring expenses recorded in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2016.  
    
  The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a $100.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility. Revolving loans under the Credit Agreement will bear interest, at our election, at (i) the Bank s announced prime rate less   1.20%   per annum or (ii) a daily one-month LIBOR rate plus   1.40%   per annum. Principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, on the revolving loans is due and payable on   May 9, 2019  . We are also obligated to pay a commitment fee of   0.37%   per annum on the average daily unused amount of the revolving line of credit, which fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears.  We may prepay the loans and terminate the commitments under the Credit Agreement at any time, without premium or penalty, subject to the reimbursement of certain costs.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   outstanding borrowings under the line of credit. The line of credit requires us to comply with the following two financial covenant ratios, in each case at each fiscal quarter end and determined on a rolling four-quarter basis: 

maximum ratio of funded debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"); and,  
                
    minimum EBITDA coverage ratio, which is calculated as interest payments divided by EBITDA. 
       
  In addition, we and our subsidiaries are required to maintain unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities plus availability under the Credit Agreement at the end of each fiscal quarter of at least   $300.0 million  . The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default that include, among other things, payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross-defaults with certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, and judgment defaults.  The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the Credit Agreement.  
    
  On May 2, 2016, we received a waiver from the lender for noncompliance with the minimum EBITDA covenant at March 31, 2016. Pursuant to the terms of the waiver and amendment to the Credit Agreement, the $16.2 million of restructuring charges recorded in our fiscal year 2016 will be excluded from the lender s rolling four-quarter EBITDA calculation.  This exclusion of restructuring charges does not automatically extend to any such future charges, should they be incurred. The breach was not considered to be a cross-default on our 5.50% Senior Notes and as such had no impact on the amount or timing of amounts payable related to those debt instruments.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all ratios and covenants by a substantial margin.  
    
  Our liquidity, capital resources, and results of operations in any period could be affected by repurchases of our common stock, the payment of cash dividends, the exercise of outstanding stock options, restricted stock grants under stock plans, and the issuance of common stock under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ).  We receive cash from the exercise of outstanding stock options under our stock plan and the issuance of shares under our ESPP.  However, the resulting increase in the number of outstanding shares from these equity grants and issuances could affect our earnings per share.  We cannot predict the timing or amount of proceeds from the sale or exercise of these securities or whether they will be exercised, forfeited, canceled, or will expire.   
    
  We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash provided by operations, and the availability of additional funds under the Credit Agreement will be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next 12 months; however, any projections of future financial needs and sources of working capital are subject to uncertainty.  Readers are cautioned to review the risks, uncertainties, and assumptions set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the section entitled  Certain Forward-Looking Information  and the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , filed with the SEC on   May 16, 2016  , and other periodic filings with the SEC, any of which could affect our estimates for future financial needs and sources of working capital. 

12 

     Table of Contents  

OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
    
  We have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities whereby we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides us with financing and liquidity support, market risk, or credit risk support. 
    
  A substantial portion of the raw materials, components, and subassemblies used in our products are provided by our suppliers on a consignment basis.  These consigned inventories are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheet until we take title to the raw materials, components, and subassemblies, which occurs when they are consumed in the production process.  Prior to consumption in the production process, our suppliers bear the risk of loss and retain title to the consigned inventory.  The terms of the agreements allow us to return parts in excess of maximum order quantities to the suppliers at the supplier s expense.  Returns for other reasons are negotiated with the suppliers on a case-by-case basis and to date have been immaterial.  If our suppliers were to discontinue financing consigned inventory, it would require us to make cash outlays and we could incur expenses which, if material, could negatively affect our business and financial results.  As of   March 31, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  , we had off-balance sheet consigned inventories of   $41.1 million   and   $57.6 million  , respectively. 
    
  Unconditional Purchase Obligations 
    
  We utilize several contract manufacturers to procure raw materials, components, and subassemblies for our products.  We provide these contract manufacturers with demand information that typically covers periods up to 13 weeks, and they use this information to acquire components and build products. We also obtain individual components for our products from a wide variety of individual suppliers.  Consistent with industry practice, we acquire components through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts, and open orders based on projected demand information.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding off-balance sheet third-party manufacturing, component purchase, and other general and administrative commitments of   $173.2 million  , including off-balance sheet consigned inventories of   $57.6 million   as discussed above. 
    
  Except as described above, there have been no material changes in our contractual obligations as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
    
  For a complete description of what we believe to be the critical accounting estimates used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , filed with the SEC on   May 16, 2016  .  There have been no changes to our critical accounting estimates during the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  For more information regarding  the Recent Accounting Pronouncements that may impact us, refer to   Note 2  ,   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  , of the accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

13 

Table of Contents  

Financial Statements  . 

PLANTRONICS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands)  
  (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

14 

Table of Contents  

PLANTRONICS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

15 

Table of Contents  

PLANTRONICS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

16 

Table of Contents  

PLANTRONICS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 
  (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

PLANTRONICS, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

1.  BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
    
  In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements ("financial statements") of Plantronics, Inc. ("Plantronics" or "the Company") have been prepared on a basis consistent with the Company's   March 31, 2016   audited consolidated financial statements and include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to fairly state the information set forth herein.  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") applicable to interim financial information and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.  The financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , which was filed with the SEC on   May 16, 2016  .  The results of operations for the interim period ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire fiscal year or any future period. 
    
  The financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries.  All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
    
  The Company s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to the last day of March.  The Company s current fiscal year ends on   April 1,   2017   and consists of   52   weeks.  The Company's prior fiscal year ended on   April 2,   2016   and consisted of   53   weeks.  The Company s results of operations for the   three and six   months ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   both contain   13   and   26   weeks, respectively.  For purposes of presentation, the Company has indicated its accounting year as ending on March 31 and its interim quarterly periods as ending on the applicable calendar month end. 

2.  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
    
  Recently Issued Pronouncements 
    
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued additional guidance regarding the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows.  This guidance is intended to eliminate the diversity in practice by adding or clarifying guidance on eight specific cash flow issues.  The guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 with early adoption permitted provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period.  The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method unless deemed impracticable, in which case, prospective application is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on its statement of cash flows. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance regarding the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments, which changes the impairment model for most financial assets.  The new model uses a forward-looking expected loss method, which will generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for losses.  The guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year ending March 31, 2021 with early adoption permitted beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on its results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance regarding share-based compensation, which outlines new provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for share-based payments and their presentation in the financial statements.  The guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year ending March 31, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on its results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 

18 

     Table of Contents  

In February 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance regarding both operating and financing leases, requiring lessees to recognize on their balance sheets  right-of-use assets  and corresponding lease liabilities, measured on a discounted basis over the lease term.  Virtually all leases will be subject to this treatment except leases that meet the definition of a  short-term lease.   For expense recognition, the dual model requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance leases has been retained from the prior standard.  Operating leases will result in straight-line expense while finance leases will result in a front-loaded expense pattern.  Classification will use criteria very similar to those applied in current lease accounting, but without explicit bright lines.  The new lease guidance will essentially eliminate off-balance sheet financing.  The guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year ending March 31, 2020.  The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition that provides for certain practical expedients and requires the new guidance to be applied at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented.  While we are not yet in a position to assess the full impact of the application of the new standard, the Company expects that the impact of recording the lease liabilities and the corresponding right-to-use assets may have a significant impact on its total assets and liabilities with a minimal impact on its equity. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance regarding the recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities.  Changes to the current GAAP model primarily affects the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments.  In addition, the FASB clarified guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities.  The Company is required to adopt the standard in the first quarter of its fiscal year ending March 31, 2019, but may elect to adopt earlier as permitted under the standard.  The Company is currently evaluating what impact, if any, the adoption of this standard will have on its results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued additional guidance regarding the subsequent measurement of inventory by requiring inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  The Company is required to adopt the standard in the first quarter of its fiscal year ending March 31, 2018, but may elect to adopt earlier as permitted under the standard.  The adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued additional guidance regarding revenue from contracts with customers.  While the standard supersedes existing revenue recognition guidance, it closely aligns with current GAAP.  Under the new standard, revenue will be recognized at the time a good or service is transferred to a customer for the amount of consideration received for that specific good or service.  Entities may use a full retrospective approach or report the cumulative effect as of the date of adoption.  In March 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance concerning "Principal versus Agent" considerations (reporting revenue gross versus net); in April 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance on identifying performance obligations and licensing; and in May 2016, the FASB issued additional guidance on collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition.  These updates are intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance and have the same effective date and transition requirements as the greater "contracts with customers" standard.  The Company is required to adopt the standard, as amended, in the first quarter of its fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 although, under the standard, it may adopt as early as the first quarter of its fiscal year ending March 31, 2018.  Presently, the Company is not yet in a position to assess the application date.  The Company has not yet completed its final review of the impact of this guidance, although it currently does not anticipate a material impact on its revenue recognition practices.  The Company continues to review variable consideration, potential disclosures, and its method of adoption to complete its evaluation of the impact on its consolidated financial statements.  In addition, the Company will continue to monitor additional changes, modifications, clarifications or interpretations being undertaken by the FASB, which may impact its current conclusions. 

19 

     Table of Contents  

3.  CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND INVESTMENTS 
    
  The following tables summarize the Company s cash and available-for-sale securities  adjusted cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses, and fair value by significant investment category recorded as cash and cash equivalents, short-term, or long-term investments as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   (in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , with the exception of assets related to the Company's deferred compensation plan, all of the Company's investments are classified as available-for-sale securities.  The carrying value of available-for-sale securities included in cash equivalents approximates fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments.  For more information regarding the Company's deferred compensation plan, refer to   Note 4  ,   Deferred Compensation  , of the accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

20 

     Table of Contents  

The Company did not incur any material realized or unrealized gains or losses in the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  .  
    
  There were no transfers between fair value measurement levels during the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  . 
    
  All financial assets and liabilities are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements or the accompanying notes thereto.  Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement: 
    
  Level 1 
  The Company's Level 1 financial assets consist of Mutual Funds and US Treasury Notes.  The fair value of Level 1 financial instruments is measured based on the quoted market price of identical securities. 
    
  Level 2 
  The Company's Level 2 financial assets and liabilities consist of   Government Agency Securities, Commercial Paper, Corporate Bonds, and Certificates of Deposits ("CDs")  , derivative foreign currency contracts, and long-term debt.  The fair value of Level 2 investment securities is determined based on other observable inputs, including multiple non-binding quotes from independent pricing services.  Non-binding quotes are based on proprietary valuation models that are prepared by the independent pricing services and use algorithms based on inputs such as observable market data, quoted market prices for similar securities, issuer spreads, and internal assumptions of the broker.  The Company corroborates the reasonableness of non-binding quotes received from the independent pricing services using a variety of techniques depending on the underlying instrument, including: (i) comparing them to actual experience gained from the purchases and maturities of investment securities, (ii) comparing them to internally developed cash flow models based on observable inputs, and (iii) monitoring changes in ratings of similar securities and the related impact on fair value.  The fair value of Level 2 derivative foreign currency contracts is determined using pricing models that use observable market inputs.  For more information regarding the Company's derivative assets and liabilities, refer to   Note 11  ,   Foreign Currency Derivatives  , of the accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  The fair value of Level 2 long-term debt is determined based on inputs that were observable in the market, including the trading price of the notes when available.  For more information regarding the Company's 5.50% Senior Notes, refer to   Note 7  ,   Debt  , of the accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  Level 3 
  The Company's unsecured revolving credit facility falls under the Level 3 hierarchy. The fair value of the Company s line of credit approximates its carrying value because the interest rate is a variable rate that approximates rates currently available to the Company.  

4.  DEFERRED COMPENSATION 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company held bank deposits of   $0.8 million   and investments in mutual funds totaling   $11.5 million  , all of which related to debt and equity securities that are held in rabbi trusts under non-qualified deferred compensation plans.  The total related deferred compensation liability was   $12.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  The fair value of debt and equity securities held in the rabbi trusts at   March 31, 2016   was   $9.5 million  .  The total related deferred compensation liability at   March 31, 2016   was   $10.7 million  .   
    
  The bank deposits are recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets under "Cash and cash equivalents".  The securities are classified as trading securities and are recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets under "Short-term investments".  The liability is recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets under  Other long-term liabilities  and "Accrued liabilities". 

21 

Table of Contents  

5.  DETAILS OF CERTAIN BALANCE SHEET ACCOUNTS 
    
  Accounts receivable, net: 

Inventory, net:  

Accrued Liabilities: 

The Company's warranty obligation is included as a component of accrued liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  Changes in the warranty obligation during the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016   were as follows: 

22 

     Table of Contents  

6.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Unconditional Purchase Obligations 
    
  The Company purchases materials and services from a variety of suppliers and manufacturers.  During the normal course of business and to manage manufacturing operations and general and administrative activities, the Company may enter into firm, non-cancelable, and unconditional purchase obligations for which amounts are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had outstanding off-balance sheet third-party manufacturing, component purchase, and other general and administrative commitments of   $173.2 million  . 
    
  Other Guarantees and Obligations 
    
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors, business partners, purchasers of assets or subsidiaries and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company's breach of agreements or representations and warranties made by the Company, services to be provided by the Company, intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties or, with respect to the sale of assets of a subsidiary, matters related to the Company's conduct of business and tax matters prior to the sale.  From time to time, the Company indemnifies customers against combinations of loss, expense, or liability arising from various triggering events relating to the sale and use of its products and services.   
    
  In addition, the Company also provides protection to customers against claims related to undiscovered liabilities, additional product liability, or environmental obligations.  The Company has also entered into indemnification agreements with its directors, officers and certain other personnel that will require the Company, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers of the Company or certain of its affiliated entities.  The Company maintains director and officer liability insurance, which may cover certain liabilities arising from its obligation to indemnify its directors, officers and certain other personnel in certain circumstances.  It is not possible to determine the aggregate maximum potential loss under these agreements due to the limited history of prior claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular claim.  Such indemnification obligations might not be subject to maximum loss clauses.  Historically, the Company has not incurred material costs as a result of obligations under these agreements and it has not accrued any liabilities related to such indemnification obligations in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Claims and Litigation 
    
  On October 12, 2012, GN Netcom, Inc. ("GN") sued the Company in the United States ("U.S.") District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging violations of the Sherman Act, the Clayton Act, and Delaware common law. In its complaint, GN specifically alleges four causes of action: monopolization, attempted monopolization, concerted action in restraint of trade, and tortious interference with business relations. GN claims that the Company dominates the market for headsets sold into contact centers in the U.S. and that a critical channel for sales of headsets to contact centers is through a limited network of specialized independent distributors ( SIDs ). GN asserts that the Company attracts SIDs through exclusive distributor agreements and alleges that the use of these agreements is illegal.  
    
  On July 6, 2016, the Court in GN Netcom, Inc. v. Plantronics, Inc. ordered the following sanctions against the Company as they relate to certain discovery matters in the litigation: (1) monetary sanctions in the form of reasonable fees and costs incurred by GN in connection with the discovery disputes leading to the motion for sanctions; (2) punitive sanctions in the amount of   $3 million  ; (3) possible evidentiary sanctions; and (4) instructions to the jury that it may draw an adverse inference that emails destroyed by the Company would have been favorable to GN s case and/or unfavorable to the Company's defense.  As a result, during the three months ended June 30, 2016, the Company accrued   $3 million   for the punitive sanctions and an additional   $2 million  , representing the Company s best estimate of reasonable fees and costs incurred by GN in connection with the disputes leading to the motion for sanctions, for a total of   $5 million  .  The Company paid the   $3 million   dollars in punitive damages to GN on or about September 1, 2016 and expects to pay the remaining balance, which was reduced to   $1.9 million  , on or before November 6, 2016.  This latter amount is included within accrued liabilities on its condensed consolidated balance sheet.  
    
  The Company believes that the underlying antitrust action is without merit and is vigorously defending itself.  However, following the court order described above, there exists an increased risk of the jury finding in favor of the plaintiff.  The Company is unable to provide an estimate of the possible loss or range of possible loss resulting from these allegations and has not accrued any financial damages relating to the antitrust case.  The trial for the underlying antitrust case is currently scheduled to commence in October 2017. 

23 

     Table of Contents  

In addition to the specific matter discussed above, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of conducting business.  For such legal proceedings, where applicable, the Company has accrued an amount that reflects the aggregate liability deemed probable and estimable, but this amount is not material to the Company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.  With respect to proceedings for which no accrual has been made, the Company is not able to estimate an amount or range of any reasonably possible additional losses because of the preliminary nature of many of these proceedings, the difficulty in ascertaining the applicable facts relating to many of these proceedings, the variable treatment of claims made in many of these proceedings, and the difficulty of predicting the settlement value of many of these proceedings.  However, based upon the Company's historical experience, the resolution of these proceedings is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  The Company may incur substantial legal fees, which are expensed as incurred, in defending against these legal proceedings. 

7.  DEBT 
    
  5.50% Senior Notes 
    
  In May 2015, the Company issued   $500.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   5.50%   senior notes (the  5.50% Senior Notes ). The 5.50% Senior Notes mature on May 31, 2023, and bear interest at a rate of   5.50%   per annum, payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2015.  The Company received net proceeds of   $488.4 million   from the issuance of the   5.50%   Senior Notes, net of issuance costs of   $11.6 million   which are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the   5.50%   Senior Notes using the effective interest method.  
    
  The fair value of the   5.50%   Senior Notes was determined based on inputs that were observable in the market, including the trading price of the 5.50% Senior Notes when available (Level 2). The estimated fair value and carrying value of the   5.50%   Senior Notes were as follows: 

The Company may redeem all or a part of the   5.50%   Senior Notes, upon not less than   30   or more than a   60   day notice; however, the applicable redemption price will be determined as follows: 

(1)    If the Company redeems the notes prior to the applicable date, the redemption price is principal plus a make-whole premium equal to the present value of the remaining scheduled interest payments as described in the applicable indenture, together with accrued and unpaid interest. 
   (2)    If the Company redeems the notes on or after the applicable date, the price is principal plus a premium which declines over time as specified in the applicable indenture, together with accrued and unpaid interest. 
   (3)    If the Company redeems the notes prior to the applicable date with net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings, the price is equal to the amount specified above, together with accrued and unpaid interest, subject to a maximum redemption of   35%   of the aggregate principal amount of the respective note being redeemed. 
    
  In addition, upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events, the Company may be required to repurchase the   5.50%   Senior Notes, at a price equal to   101%   of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. The   5.50%   Senior Notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit the Company's ability to create certain liens and enter into sale and leaseback transactions; create, assume, incur, or guarantee additional indebtedness of its subsidiaries without such subsidiary guaranteeing the 5.50% Senior Notes on an unsecured unsubordinated basis; and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries to another person.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 

24 

     Table of Contents  

Revolving Credit Agreement 
    
  On   May 9, 2011  , the Company entered into a credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ("the Bank"), which was most recently amended on   May 2, 2016   (as amended, the "Amended Credit Agreement") to extend the term of the Credit Agreement by one year to   May 9, 2019  , and to waive a default under the Credit Agreement in effect as of   March 31, 2016   in which the Company's debt to EBITDA ratio minimally exceeded the previously agreed upon ratio of 3:1. The breach of the covenant was primarily a result of the restructuring expenses recorded in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2016.  
    
  The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a   $100.0 million   unsecured revolving credit facility.  Revolving loans under the Credit Agreement will bear interest, at the Company s election, at (i) the Bank s announced prime rate less   1.20%   per annum or (ii) a daily one-month LIBOR rate plus   1.40%   per annum. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each April, July, October and January, commencing July 1, 2016.  Principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, on the revolving loans is due and payable on   May 9, 2019  .  The Company is also obligated to pay a commitment fee of   0.37%   per annum on the average daily unused amount of the revolving line of credit, which fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the first day of each April, July, October and January, commencing July 1, 2016.  
    
  The Company may prepay the loans and terminate the commitments under the Credit Agreement at any time, without premium or penalty, subject to the reimbursement of certain costs.  As of   March 31, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   outstanding borrowings under the line of credit. 
    
  The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, covenants limiting the ability of the Company to incur debt, make capital expenditures, grant liens, merge or consolidate, and make investments. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to comply with certain financial covenants, including (i) a maximum ratio of funded debt to EBITDA and (ii) a minimum EBITDA coverage ratio, in each case, tested as of each fiscal quarter and determined on a rolling four-quarter basis.  In addition, the Company and its subsidiaries are required to maintain unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities plus availability under the Credit Agreement at the end of each fiscal quarter of at least   $300.0 million  .  The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default that include, among other things, payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross-defaults with certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, and judgment defaults.  The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the Credit Agreement.  
    
  On May 2, 2016, the Company received a waiver from the lender for noncompliance with the minimum EBITDA covenant at March 31, 2016.  Pursuant to the terms of the waiver and amendment to the Credit Agreement, the   $16.2 million   of restructuring charges recorded in the Company's fiscal year 2016 will be excluded from the lender s rolling four-quarter EBITDA calculation.  This exclusion of restructuring charges does not automatically extend to any such future charges, should they be incurred.  The breach was not considered to be a cross-default on the Company's   5.50%   Senior Notes and as such had no impact on the amount or timing of amounts payable related to those debt instruments.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all ratios and covenants. 

8.  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  The Company recognizes the grant-date fair value of stock-based compensation as compensation expense using the straight-line attribution approach over the service period for which the stock-based compensation is expected to vest.  The following table summarizes the amount of stock-based compensation included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations: 

25 

Table of Contents  

9.  COMMON STOCK REPURCHASES  
    
  From time to time, the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") has authorized programs under which the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock, depending on market conditions, in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions.  Repurchased shares are held as treasury stock until they are retired or re-issued.  Repurchases by the Company pursuant to Board-authorized programs during the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016   are discussed below.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there remained   1,020,990   shares authorized for repurchase under repurchase programs approved by the Board on   January 29, 2016   and   July 29, 2016  .  There were no remaining shares authorized under previously approved programs.   
    
  In the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , the Company repurchased   8,492,117   shares and   613,021   shares, respectively, of its common stock in the open market for a total cost of   $473.2 million   and   $26.8 million  , respectively, and at an average price per share of   $55.72   and   $43.76  , respectively.  In addition, the Company withheld shares valued at   $10.5 million   and   $9.1 million   in the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively, in satisfaction of employee tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock granted under the Company's stock plans.  The amounts withheld were equivalent to the employees' minimum statutory tax withholding requirements and are reflected as a financing activity within the Company's condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.  These share withholdings have the same effect as share repurchases by the Company as they reduce the number of shares that would have otherwise been issued in connection with the vesting of shares subject to the restricted stock grants. 

10.  ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
    
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"), net of immaterial tax effects, are as follows:  

(1)   Refer to   Note 11  , Foreign Currency Derivatives, which discloses the nature of the Company's derivative assets and liabilities as of   March 31, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  .       

11.  FOREIGN CURRENCY DERIVATIVES 
    
  The Company's foreign currency derivatives consist primarily of foreign currency forward exchange contracts, option contracts, and cross-currency swaps.  The Company does not purchase derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.  The derivatives expose the Company to credit risk to the extent the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the derivative instrument.  The Company's maximum exposure to loss that it would incur due to credit risk if parties to derivative contracts failed completely to perform according to the terms of the contracts was equal to the carrying value of the Company's derivative assets as of   September 30, 2016  .  The Company seeks to mitigate such risk by limiting its counterparties to large financial institutions.  In addition, the Company monitors the potential risk of loss with any one counterparty resulting from this type of credit risk on an ongoing basis. 
    
  The Company enters into master netting arrangements with counterparties when possible to mitigate credit risk in derivative transactions.  A master netting arrangement may allow each counterparty to net settle amounts owed between the Company and the counterparty as a result of multiple, separate derivative transactions.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) agreements with   four   applicable banks and financial institutions which contained netting provisions.  Plantronics has elected to present the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheet on a gross basis even when derivative transactions are subject to master netting arrangements and may otherwise qualify for net presentation.  For each counterparty, if netted, the Company would offset the asset and liability balances of all derivatives at the end of the reporting period.  Derivatives not subject to master netting agreements are not eligible for net presentation.  As of   March 31, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  , no cash collateral had been received or pledged related to these derivative instruments. 

26 

     Table of Contents  

The gross fair value of the Company's outstanding derivative contracts at the end of each period was as follows: 

Non-Designated Hedges 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had foreign currency forward contracts denominated in Euros ("EUR"), British Pound Sterling ("GBP"), Australian Dollars ("AUD"), and Canadian Dollars ("CAD").  The Company does not elect to obtain hedge accounting for these forward contracts.  These forward contracts hedge against a portion of the Company s foreign currency-denominated cash balances, receivables, and payables.  The following table summarizes the notional value of the Company s outstanding foreign exchange currency contracts and approximate U.S. Dollar ("USD") equivalent at   September 30, 2016  : 

Effect of Non-Designated Derivative Contracts on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    
  The effect of non-designated derivative contracts recognized in other non-operating income and (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was as follows: 

Cash Flow Hedges 
    
  Costless Collars 
    
  The Company hedges a portion of the forecasted EUR and GBP denominated revenues with costless collars.  On a monthly basis, the Company enters into option contracts with a   six   to   eleven   month term.  Collar contracts are scheduled to mature at the beginning of each fiscal quarter, at which time the instruments convert to forward contracts.  The Company also enters into cash flow forwards with a   three   month term.  Once the hedged revenues are recognized, the forward contracts become non-designated hedges to protect the resulting foreign monetary asset position for the Company.  
    
  The notional value of the Company's outstanding EUR and GBP option and forward contracts at the end of each period was as follows: 

The Company will reclassify all amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income into earnings within the next twelve months. 

27 

     Table of Contents  

Cross-currency Swaps 
    
  The Company hedges a portion of the forecasted Mexican Peso ( MXN ) denominated expenditures with a cross-currency swap. A loss of   $1.7 million  , net of tax, in AOCI as of   September 30, 2016   is expected to be reclassified to cost of revenues during the next 12 months due to the recognition of the hedged forecasted expenditures.  As of   March 31, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  , the Company had foreign currency swap contracts of approximately MXN   481.0 million   and MXN   491.8 million  , respectively. 
    
  The following table summarizes the notional value of the Company s outstanding MXN cross-currency swaps and approximate USD Equivalent at   September 30, 2016  : 

Effect of Designated Derivative Contracts on AOCI and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    
  The following table presents the pre-tax effects of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges on accumulated other comprehensive income and the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  : 

During the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016   the Company recognized an immaterial gain on the ineffective portion of its cash flow hedges, which is reported in other non-operating income and (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  

12.  INCOME TAXES  
    
  The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to taxation in the U.S. and in various foreign and state jurisdictions.  The effective tax rates for the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2015   were   27.4%   and   23.2%  , respectively compared to   21.4%   and   22.0%  , respectively for the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  The decrease in the effective tax rate for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   is due primarily to the federal research and development credit, which was permanently reinstated in December 2015, as well as a shift in our geographic mix of income from higher tax jurisdictions to lower tax jurisdictions due in part to the U.S. executive transition costs accrued during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The decrease in the effective tax rate for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   is due primarily to the federal research and development credit and a shift in our geographic mix of income from higher tax jurisdictions to lower tax jurisdictions, partially offset by the favorable closure of a tax audit during the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The effective tax rates differ from the statutory rate due primarily to the impact of foreign operations taxed at different statutory rates, tax credits, state taxes, and other factors. 
    
  Included in long-term income taxes payable in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   March 31, 2016   and   September 30, 2016   were unrecognized tax benefits of   $12.7 million   and   $13.6 million  , respectively, which would favorably impact the effective tax rate in future periods if recognized.  The Company s continuing practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  The accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits was   $1.6 million   and   $1.8 million   as of   March 31, 2016   and   September 30, 2016  , respectively.    No   penalties have been accrued.   

28 

     Table of Contents  

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to taxation in the U.S. and various foreign and state jurisdictions.  All U.S. federal tax matters have been concluded for tax years prior to fiscal year 2013.  The California Franchise Tax Board completed its examination of the Company's 2007 and 2008 tax years.  The Company received a Notice of Proposed Assessment and responded by filing a protest letter.  The amount of the proposed assessment is not material.  Foreign income tax matters for material tax jurisdictions have been concluded for tax years prior to fiscal year 2011, except for the United Kingdom, which has been concluded for tax years prior to fiscal year 2015. 
    
  The Company believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations; however, the outcome of such examinations cannot be predicted with certainty.  If any issues addressed in the tax examinations are resolved in a manner inconsistent with the Company's expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income tax in the period such resolution occurs.  The timing of any resolution and/or closure of tax examinations is not certain. 

13.  COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 
    
  The Company has a share-based compensation plan under which employees, non-employee directors, and consultants may be granted share-based awards, including shares of restricted stock on which non-forfeitable dividends are paid on unvested shares.  As such, shares of restricted stock are considered participating securities under the two-class method of calculating earnings per share.  The two-class method of calculating earnings per share did not have a material impact on the Company's earnings per share calculation for the   three and six   month periods ending   September 30, 2015   and   2016  . 
    
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  : 

14.  REVENUE AND MAJOR CUSTOMERS 
    
  The Company designs, manufactures, markets, and sells headsets for business and consumer applications, and other specialty products for the hearing impaired.  With respect to headsets, it makes products for use in offices and contact centers and, with mobile devices, cordless phones, computers, and gaming consoles.  
    
  The following table presents net revenues by product group for the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  : 

29 

     Table of Contents  

For reporting purposes, revenue is attributed to each geographic region based on the location of the customer.  Other than the U.S., no country accounted for 10% or more of the Company's net revenues for the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  .  The following table presents net revenues by geography: 

One customer, Ingram Micro Group, accounted for   10.9%   of net revenues for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  No customer accounted for more than 10% of net revenues for the six months ended   September 30, 2015  .    One   customer, Ingram Micro Group, accounted for   10.7%   and   10.4%  , respectively, of net revenues for the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
    
  One customer, SYNNEX Corporation, accounted for   11.2%   of total net accounts receivable at   March 31, 2016  .    One   customer, Ingram Micro Group, accounted for   10.5%   of total net accounts receivable at   September 30, 2016  . 

15.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  On   November 1, 2016  , the Company announced that its Audit Committee had declared and approved the payment of a dividend of   $0.15   per share on   December 9, 2016   to holders of record on   November 18, 2016  . 

30 

Table of Contents  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  The discussion of our exposure to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties.  Actual results could vary materially as a result of a number of factors including those discussed in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , filed with the SEC on   May 16, 2016  . 
    
  INTEREST RATE RISK 
    
  We reported the following balances in cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and long-term investments as follows: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , our investments were composed of   Mutual Funds, US Treasury Notes, Government Agency Securities, Commercial Paper, Corporate Bonds, and Certificates of Deposits ("CDs")  . 
    
  Our investment policy and strategy are focused on preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements.  Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio.  Our investment policy generally limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer and requires investments to be high credit quality, primarily rated A or A2 and above, with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss.  All highly liquid investments with initial maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents.  We classify our investments as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument's underlying effective maturity date.  All short-term investments have effective maturities of less than 12 months, while all long-term investments have effective maturities greater than 12 months or we do not currently have the ability to liquidate the investment.  We may sell our investments prior to their stated maturities for strategic purposes, in anticipation of credit deterioration, or for duration management.  No material realized or unrealized gains or losses were recognized during the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  
    
  Interest rates were relatively unchanged in the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in the prior year.  We generated no significant interest income in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   $1.7 million   in interest income in the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  We incurred no significant interest expense from our revolving line of credit in the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The 5.50% Senior Notes are at a fixed interest rate and we have not elected the fair value option for these instruments; accordingly we are not exposed to any economic interest rate risk related to this indebtedness; however, the fair value of this instrument fluctuates as market interest rates change.  The increase in interest expense caused by a 10 basis point increase in the interest rates of our variable-rate revolving line of credit indebtedness would not be significant.  A hypothetical 10 basis points increase or decrease on market interest rates related to our investment portfolio would have an immaterial impact on our results of operations.   
    
  FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK 
    
  We are a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar ("USD").  Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, could negatively affect our net revenues and gross margins as expressed in U.S. dollars.  There is a risk that we will have to adjust local currency product pricing due to competitive pressures if there is significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  The primary currency fluctuations to which we are exposed are the Euro ("EUR"), British Pound Sterling ("GBP"), Australian Dollar ("AUD"), Canadian Dollar ("CAD"), Mexican Peso ("MXN"), and the Chinese Renminbi ("RMB").  We use a hedging strategy to diminish, and make more predictable, the effect of currency fluctuations.  All of our hedging activities are entered into with large financial institutions, which we periodically evaluate for credit risks.  We hedge our balance sheet exposure by hedging EUR, GBP, AUD, and CAD denominated cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable balances, and our economic exposure by hedging a portion of anticipated EUR and GBP denominated sales and our MXN denominated expenditures.  We can provide no assurance that our strategy will be successful in the future or that exchange rate fluctuations will not materially adversely affect our business.  We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. 

31 

     Table of Contents  

We experienced $1.8 million and $2.4 million in net foreign currency losses in the   three and six   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, compared to immaterial net foreign currency gains in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and $1.5 million in net foreign currency gains in the six months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Although we hedge a portion of our foreign currency exchange exposure, the weakening of certain foreign currencies, particularly the EUR and GBP in comparison to the USD, could result in material foreign exchange losses in future periods. 
    
  Non-designated Hedges  
    
  We hedge our EUR, GBP, AUD, and CAD denominated cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable balances by entering into foreign exchange forward contracts.  The table below presents the impact on the foreign exchange gain (loss) of a hypothetical 10% appreciation and a 10% depreciation of the USD against the forward currency contracts as of   September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

Cash Flow Hedges 
    
  In the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   44%   of our net revenues were derived from sales outside of the U.S. and denominated primarily in EUR and GBP. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had foreign currency put and call option contracts with notional amounts of approximately    61.0 million   and    20.0 million   denominated in EUR and GBP, respectively.  Collectively, our option contracts hedge against a portion of our forecasted foreign currency denominated sales.  If the USD is subjected to either a 10% appreciation or 10% depreciation versus these net exposed currency positions, we could realize a gain of   $4.9 million   or incur a loss of   $5.1 million  , respectively.   
    
  The table below presents the impact on the Black-Scholes valuation of our currency option contracts of a hypothetical 10% appreciation and a 10% depreciation of the USD against the indicated open option contract type for cash flow hedges as of   September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

Collectively, our swap contracts hedge against a portion of our forecasted MXN denominated expenditures.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cross-currency swap contracts with notional amounts of approximately MXN   491.8 million  .   
    
  The table below presents the impact on the valuation of our cross-currency swap contracts of a hypothetical 10% appreciation and a 10% depreciation of the USD as of   September 30, 2016   (in millions): 
                                     Currency - cross-currency swap contracts 
    USD Value of Net Foreign Exchange Contracts 
      
    Foreign Exchange Loss From 10% Appreciation of USD 
      
    Foreign Exchange Gain From 10% Depreciation of USD 
      Position: Buy MXN 
    $ 
    26.8 

$ 
    (2.1 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    2.6 

32 

     Table of Contents  

Controls and Procedures 
    
           (a) 
    Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
       
  Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
           (b) 
    Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
       
  There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II -- OTHER INFORMATION 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are presently engaged in various legal actions arising in the normal course of business.  We believe that it is unlikely that any of these actions will have a material adverse impact on our operating results; however, because of the inherent uncertainties of litigation, the outcome of any of these actions could be unfavorable and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  For additional information about our material legal proceedings, please see   Note 6  ,   Commitments and Contingencies  , of the accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

RISK FACTORS  
    
  You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , filed with the SEC on   May 16, 2016  , each of which could materially affect our business, financial position or future results of operations.  The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016   are not the only risks we face.  Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial position or future results of operations. 

33 

     Table of Contents  

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  Share Repurchase Programs 
    
  The following table presents a month-to-month summary of the stock purchase activity in the   second   quarter of fiscal year   2017  : 

1 
      
    On July 29, 2016, the Board of Directors authorized a new program to repurchase 1,000,000 shares of our common stock. 

2 
      
    "Average Price Paid per Share" reflects open market repurchases of common stock only. 

3 
      
    Includ  es   1,932 s  hares   that were tendered to us in satisfaction of employee tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock granted under our stock plans. 

4 
      
    Includes 2,050 s  hares     that were tendered to us in satisfaction of employee tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock granted under our stock plans. 

5 
      
    Includes 2,893 s  hares   that were tendered to us in satisfaction of employee tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock granted under our stock plans. 

6 
      
    These shares reflect the available shares authorized for repurchase under the programs approved by the Board on January 29, 2016 and July 29, 2016. 

34 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBITS  
    
  We have filed the following documents as Exhibits to this Form 10-Q: 

35 

Table of Contents  

Plantronics, Inc. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  CROSS REFERENCE TABLE 
    
                     Item Number 
    Page(s) 
      PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
    14 
    - 
    30 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    3 
    - 
    13 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    31 
    - 
    32 

Item 4. Control and Procedures 
    33 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
    33 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
    33 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    34 

Item 6. Exhibits 
    35 

Signatures 
    37 

36 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PLANTRONICS, INC. 

Date: 
    November 1, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Pamela Strayer 

Name: 
    Pamela Strayer 

Title: 
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q217ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  Certification of the President and CEO  
  I, Joe Burton, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Plantronics, Inc.;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
                    November 1, 2016 

/s/ Joe Burton 
        
    Joe Burton 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q217ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  Certification of Senior Vice President and CFO 
  I, Pamela Strayer, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Plantronics, Inc.;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
                    November 1, 2016 

/s/ Pamela Strayer 
        
    Pamela Strayer 
        
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q217ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
  PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  I, Joe Burton, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Plantronics, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Plantronics, Inc.  
                     
    By: 
    /s/ Joe Burton 
        
    Name: 
    Joe Burton 
        
    Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    Date: 
    November 1, 2016 

I, Pamela Strayer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Plantronics, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended   October 1, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Plantronics, Inc.  
                     
    By: 
    /s/ Pamela Strayer 
        
    Name: 
    Pamela Strayer 
        
    Title: 
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
        
    Date: 
    November 1, 2016 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section.  Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.  
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 plt-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 plt-20161001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 plt-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 plt-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 plt-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 plt-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

