<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_740260_0000740260-16-000329_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18556659</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>197066</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>769777</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7280337</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7830748</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2105303</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>81</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000740260-16-000329.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028170437
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000740260-16-000329
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VENTAS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000740260
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				611055020
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10989
		FILM NUMBER:		161959360

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		353 N. CLARK STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3126603800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		353 N. CLARK STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000740260-16-000329.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 vtr-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

x 
      
    QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
      OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                        TO 

Commission file number: 1-10989 

Ventas, Inc. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware 
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
      
    61-1055020 
  (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

353 N. Clark Street, Suite 3300 
  Chicago, Illinois 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
  60654 
  (Zip Code) 
  (877) 483-6827 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
  Not Applicable 
  (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x      No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x      No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer     
      
    Non-accelerated filer     
     (Do not check if a 
  smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes          No   x 
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

VENTAS, INC. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  INDEX 

Page 
       PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
      
    1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 
      
    1 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
      
    2 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
      
    3 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and the Year Ended December 31, 2015 
      
    4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
      
    5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
    7 
       Item 2.  
      
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    44 
       Item 3.  
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      
    70 
       Item 4.  
      
     Controls and Procedures  
      
    72 
       PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      
     Legal Proceedings  
      
    73 
       Item 2.  
      
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
    73 
       Item 6.  
      
     Exhibits  
      
    74 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  VENTAS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
   
 See accompanying notes. 
  
   1 

VENTAS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   2 

VENTAS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   3 

VENTAS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and the Year Ended   December 31, 2015    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   4 

VENTAS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   5 

VENTAS, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 

6 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS    
  Ventas, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires,  we,   us  or  our ), an S P 500 company, is a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) with a highly diversified portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties located throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. As of   September 30, 2016  , we owned approximately   1,300   properties (including properties classified as held for sale), consisting of seniors housing communities, medical office buildings ( MOBs ), life science and innovation centers, skilled nursing facilities, specialty hospitals and general acute care hospitals, and we had   five   properties under development, including   two   properties that are owned by an unconsolidated real estate entity. Our company was originally founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.   
  In August 2015, we completed the spin off of most of our post-acute/skilled nursing facility portfolio into an independent, publicly traded REIT named Care Capital Properties, Inc. ( CCP ) (the  CCP Spin-Off ). The historical results of operations of the CCP properties are presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
  We primarily invest in seniors housing and healthcare properties through acquisitions and lease our properties to unaffiliated tenants or operate them through independent third-party managers.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we leased a total of   575   properties (excluding MOBs and life science and innovation centers and   34   properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities, and including   25   properties classified as held for sale) to various healthcare operating companies under  triple-net  or  absolute-net  leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and we engaged independent operators, such as Atria Senior Living, Inc. ( Atria ) and Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (together with its subsidiaries,  Sunrise ), to manage   298   seniors housing communities for us pursuant to long-term management agreements.  Our   three   largest tenants, Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (together with its subsidiaries,  Brookdale Senior Living ), Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries,  Kindred ) and Ardent Health Partners, LLC (together with its subsidiaries,  Ardent ) leased from us   140   properties (excluding   six   properties owned through investments in unconsolidated real estate entities and   one   property managed by Brookdale Senior Living pursuant to a long-term management agreement),   68   properties (excluding   one   MOB) and   ten   properties, respectively, as of   September 30, 2016  .   
  Through our Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. ( Lillibridge ) subsidiary and our ownership interest in PMB Real Estate Services LLC ( PMBRES ), we also provide MOB management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the United States. In addition, from time to time, we make secured and other loans and investments relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties. 
  In September 2016, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the university affiliated life science and innovation real estate assets of Wexford Science   Technology, LLC ( Wexford ) from affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate Partners VIII, L.P. (together with its affiliates,  Blackstone ) (the  Wexford Acquisition ).   As a result, we renamed our MOB operations reportable business segment  office operations,  which now includes both MOBs and life science assets. 
   
  NOTE 2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
  The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information set forth in the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ), as published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), and with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair statement of results for the interim period have been included. Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the SEC on February 12, 2016. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. All intercompany transactions and balances have  
  
   7 

been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests. 
  GAAP requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities ( VIEs ). A VIE is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity s activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; and (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity s activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. We consolidate our investment in a VIE when we determine that we are its primary beneficiary. We may change our original assessment of a VIE upon subsequent events such as the modification of contractual arrangements that affects the characteristics or adequacy of the entity s equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary. 
  We identify the primary beneficiary of a VIE as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the entity. We perform this analysis on an ongoing basis.  
  As it relates to investments in joint ventures, GAAP may preclude consolidation by the sole general partner in certain circumstances based on the type of rights held by the limited partner(s). We assess limited partners  rights and their impact on our consolidation conclusions, and we reassess if there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners, the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership of limited partnership interests, or there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. We also apply this guidance to managing member interests in limited liability companies. 
  On January 1, 2016, we adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-02,   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis   ( ASU 2015-02 ), which makes certain changes to both the variable interest and voting models. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not result in any changes to our conclusions regarding the consolidation of investments under the new standard. We identified several entities already consolidated under the previous standard but not considered VIEs, which under the new standard are considered VIEs and will continue to be consolidated.  In general, each of these consolidated VIEs has the following common characteristics:  
    
     VIEs in the legal form of a limited partnership ( LP ) or Limited Liability Company ( LLC  
     The VIEs were designed to own and manage their underlying real estate investments; 
     Ventas (or a subsidiary thereof) is the general partner or managing member of the VIE; 
     Ventas (or a subsidiary thereof) also owns a majority of the voting interests in the VIE; 
     A minority of voting interests in the VIE are owned by external third parties, unrelated to us; 
     The minority owners do not have substantive kick-out or participating rights in the VIEs; and  
     Ventas (or a subsidiary thereof) is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. 
  As part of the Wexford Acquisition, we identified certain special purpose entities that were established to allow investments in life science projects by tax credit investors ( TCIs ).  We have determined that these special purpose entities are VIEs and that Ventas is the primary beneficiary of the VIEs, and therefore we consolidate these special purpose entities.  Our primary beneficiary determination is based upon several factors, including but not limited to the rights we have in directing the activities which most significantly impact the VIEs  economic performance as well as certain guarantees which protect the TCIs from losses should a tax credit recapture event occur.  

8 

In general, the assets of the consolidated VIEs are available only for the settlement of the obligations of the respective entities.  Unless otherwise required by the LP or LLC agreement, any mortgage loans of the consolidated VIEs are non-recourse to us. The table below summarizes the total assets and liabilities of our consolidated VIEs as reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

(1) 
    Balances relate to our September 2016 Wexford Acquisition. 
     Redeemable OP Unitholder and Noncontrolling Interests 
  We own a majority interest in NHP/PMB L.P. ( NHP/PMB ), a limited partnership formed in 2008 to acquire properties from entities affiliated with Pacific Medical Buildings LLC. We consolidate NHP/PMB, as our wholly owned subsidiary is the general partner, who is the primary beneficiary of this VIE. As of   September 30, 2016  , third party investors owned   2,746,737   Class A limited partnership units in NHP/PMB ( OP Units ), which represented   27.7%   of the total units then outstanding, and we owned   7,156,146   Class B limited partnership units in NHP/PMB, representing the remaining   72.3%  . At any time following the first anniversary of the date of their issuance, the OP Units may be redeemed at the election of the holder for cash or, at our option,   0.9051   shares of our common stock per unit, subject to further adjustment in certain circumstances. We are party by assumption to a registration rights agreement with the holders of the OP Units that requires us, subject to the terms and conditions and certain exceptions set forth therein, to file and maintain a registration statement relating to the issuance of shares of our common stock upon redemption of OP Units.  
  We own a majority interest in Ventas Realty Capital Healthcare Trust Operating Partnership, L.P. ( Ventas Realty OP ) and we consolidate this entity, as our wholly owned subsidiary is the general partner, who is the primary beneficiary of this VIE.  The limited partnership units ( Class C Units ) may be redeemed at the election of the holder for one share of our common stock per unit or, at our option, an equivalent amount in cash, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances.  We are party by assumption to a registration rights agreement with the holders of the Class C Units that requires us, subject to the terms and conditions and certain exceptions set forth therein, to file and maintain a registration statement relating to the issuance of shares of our common stock upon redemption of Class C Units.  As of   September 30, 2016  , third party investors owned   361,776   Class C Units, which represented   1.2%   of the total units then outstanding, and we owned   29,307,561   Class C Units and   176,374   OP units in Ventas Realty OP, representing the remaining   98.8%  . 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , third party investors redeemed   65,581   OP Units and   311,208   Class C Units for   370,558   shares of Ventas common stock, valued at   $23.0 million  . 
  As redemption rights are outside of our control, the redeemable OP unitholder interests (OP Units and Class C Units) are classified outside of permanent equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We reflect the redeemable OP unitholder interests at the greater of cost or fair value. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of the redeemable OP unitholder interests was   $201.1 million   and   $188.5 million  , respectively. We recognize changes in fair value through capital in excess of par value, net of cash distributions paid and purchases by us of any OP Units or Class C Units. Our diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) includes the effect of any potential shares outstanding from redemption of the OP Units or Class C Units. 
  Certain noncontrolling interests of other consolidated joint ventures were also classified as redeemable at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  Accordingly, we record the carrying amount of these noncontrolling interests at the greater of their initial carrying amount (increased or decreased for the noncontrolling interest s share of net income or loss and distributions) or the redemption value.  Our joint venture partners have certain redemption rights with respect to their noncontrolling interests in these joint ventures that are outside of our control, and the redeemable noncontrolling interests are classified outside of permanent equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.  We recognize changes in the carrying value of redeemable noncontrolling interests through capital in excess of par value. 
  
   9 

Noncontrolling Interests 
  Excluding the redeemable noncontrolling interests described above, we present the portion of any equity that we do not own in entities that we control (and thus consolidate) as noncontrolling interests and classify those interests as a component of consolidated equity, separate from total Ventas stockholders  equity, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For consolidated joint ventures with pro rata distribution allocations, net income or loss is allocated between the joint venture partners based on their respective stated ownership percentages. In other cases, net income or loss is allocated between the joint venture partners based on the hypothetical liquidation at book value method. We account for purchases or sales of equity interests that do not result in a change of control as equity transactions, through capital in excess of par value.  In addition, we include net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests in net income in our Consolidated Statements of Income.  
  Accounting for Historic and New Markets Tax Credits 
  As part of the Wexford Acquisition, we are party to certain contractual arrangements with tax credit investors ( TCIs ) that were established to enable the TCIs to receive benefits of historic tax credits ( HTCs ) and/or new market tax credits ( NMTCs ) for certain properties owned by Ventas. As of September 30, 2016, we own   eleven   properties (  two   of which were in development) that had syndicated HTCs or NMTCs, or both, to TCIs. 
  In general, capital contributions are made by TCIs into special purpose entities that invest in entities owning the subject property that generates the tax credits. The TCIs receive substantially all of the tax credits and hold only a noncontrolling interest in the economic risk and benefits of the special purpose entities.  
  HTCs are delivered to the TCIs upon substantial completion of the project. NMTCs are allowed for up to   39%   of a qualified investment and are delivered to the TCIs after the investment has been funded and spent on a qualified business. HTCs are subject to   20%   recapture per year beginning one year after the completion of the historic rehabilitation of the subject property. NMTCs are subject to   100%   recapture until the end of the seventh year following the qualifying investment. We have provided the TCIs with certain guarantees which protect the TCIs from losses should a tax credit recapture event occur. The contractual arrangements with the TCIs include a put/call provision whereby we may be obligated or entitled to repurchase the ownership interest of the TCIs in the special purpose entities at the end of the tax credit recapture period. We anticipate that either the TCIs will exercise their put rights or we will exercise our call rights. 
  The portion of the TCI s capital contribution that is attributed to the put is recorded at fair value at inception in accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and is accreted to the expected put price as interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income over the recapture period. The remaining balance of the TCI s capital contribution is initially recorded in accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and will be relieved upon delivery of the tax credit to the TCI, as a reduction in the carrying value of the subject property, net of allocated expenses. Direct and incremental costs incurred in structuring the transaction are deferred and will be recognized as an increase in the cost basis of the subject property upon the recognition of the related tax credit as discussed above. 
  Business Combinations 
  We account for acquisitions using the acquisition method and record the cost of the businesses acquired among tangible and recognized intangible assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Recognized intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases, acquired lease contracts, tenant and customer relationships, trade names/trademarks and goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business and is included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  We estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis, or replacement cost basis and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, generally not to exceed   35   years. We determine the fair value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets  estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. We determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analyses of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. We generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost.  However, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development.  During the remaining construction period, we capitalize project costs until the development has reached substantial completion.  Construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion. 
  The fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above and/or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of  
  
   10 

the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant.  We amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. If a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized amounts of lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations at that time. 
  We estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities, if any, by discounting the difference between the applicable property s acquisition date fair value and an estimate of its future option price. We do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale.  
  We estimate the fair value of tenant or other customer relationships acquired, if any, by considering the nature and extent of existing business relationships with the tenant or customer, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant or customer, the tenant s credit quality, expectations of lease renewals with the tenant, and the potential for significant, additional future leasing arrangements with the tenant, and we amortize that value over the expected life of the associated arrangements or leases, including the remaining terms of the related leases and any expected renewal periods. We estimate the fair value of trade names and trademarks using a royalty rate methodology and amortize that value over the estimated useful life of the trade name or trademark. 
  In connection with a business combination, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. We assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement.  We assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. To the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability at fair value and amortize that asset or liability to interest or rental expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income over the applicable lease term. We include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  We determine the fair value of loans receivable acquired in connection with a business combination by discounting the estimated future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans with the same terms and length to maturity would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. We do not establish a valuation allowance at the acquisition date because the estimated future cash flows already reflect our judgment regarding their uncertainty. We recognize the difference between the acquisition date fair value and the total expected cash flows as interest income using an effective interest method over the life of the applicable loan. Subsequent to the acquisition date, we evaluate changes regarding the uncertainty of future cash flows and the need for a valuation allowance, as appropriate. 
  We estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed consistent with the manner in which we value all of the underlying assets and liabilities. 
  We calculate the fair value of long-term debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument. 
  Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations 
  We sell properties from time to time for various reasons, including favorable market conditions or the exercise of purchase options by tenants. We classify certain long-lived assets as held for sale once the criteria, as defined by GAAP, has been met. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value minus cost to sell and are no longer depreciated.  We report discontinued operations when the following criteria are met: (1) a component of an entity or group of components has been disposed of or classified as held for sale and represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity s operations and financial results; or (2) an acquired business is classified as held for sale on the acquisition date. The results of operations for assets meeting the definition of discontinued operations are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Income as discontinued operations for all periods presented. We allocate estimated interest expense to discontinued operations based on property values and our weighted average interest rate or the property s actual mortgage interest. 
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
  We periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. If indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in  
  
   11 

relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. In performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. We adjust the net book value of leased properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. We recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination. 
  Fair Values of Financial Instruments 
  Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement, and we determine fair value based on the assumptions that we expect market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within levels one and two of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within level three of the hierarchy). 
  Level one inputs utilize unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to access. Level two inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in level one that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Level two inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and other inputs for the asset or liability that are observable at commonly quoted intervals, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and yield curves. Level three inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which typically are based on our own assumptions, because there is little, if any, related market activity. If the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the entire fair value measurement falls is the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. If the volume and level of market activity for an asset or liability has decreased significantly relative to the normal market activity for such asset or liability (or similar assets or liabilities), then transactions or quoted prices may not accurately reflect fair value.  In addition, if there is evidence that a transaction for an asset or liability is not orderly, little, if any, weight is placed on that transaction price as an indicator of fair value. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 
  We use the following methods and assumptions in estimating the fair value of our financial instruments. 
             
    Cash and cash equivalents -   The carrying amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. 
                
    Escrow deposits and restricted cash   - The carrying amount of escrow deposits and restricted cash reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. 
                
    Loans receivable -   We estimate the fair value of loans receivable using level two and level three inputs: we discount future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans with the same terms and length to maturity would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings.  
                
    Marketable debt securities -   We estimate the fair value of corporate bonds, if any, using level two inputs: we observe quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to access.  We estimate the fair value of certain government-sponsored pooled loan investments using level three inputs: we consider credit spreads, underlying asset performance and credit quality, and default rates. 
                
    Derivative instruments -   With the assistance of a third party, we estimate the fair value of derivative instruments, including interest rate caps, interest rate swaps, and foreign currency forward contracts, using level two inputs: for interest rate caps, we observe forward yield curves and other relevant information; for interest rate swaps, we observe alternative financing rates derived from market-based financing rates, forward yield curves and discount rates; and for foreign currency forward contracts, we estimate the future values of the two currency tranches using forward exchange rates that are based on traded forward points and calculate a present value of the net amount using a discount factor based on observable traded interest rates. 
                
    Senior notes payable and other debt -   We estimate the fair value of senior notes payable and other debt using level two inputs: we discount the future cash flows using current interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings.  For mortgage debt, we may estimate fair value using level three inputs, similar to those used in determining fair value of loans receivable (above). 
                
    Redeemable OP unitholder interests -   We estimate the fair value of our redeemable OP unitholder interests using level one inputs: we base fair value on the closing price of our common stock, as OP units and Class C Units may be redeemed at the election of the holder for cash or, at our option, shares of our common stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. 
     
   12 

Revenue Recognition 
   Triple-Net Leased Properties and Office Operations 
  Certain of our triple-net leases and most of our MOB and life science and innovation center (collectively,  office operations ) leases provide for periodic and determinable increases in base rent. We recognize base rental revenues under these leases on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term when collectibility is reasonably assured. Recognizing rental income on a straight-line basis generally results in recognized revenues during the first half of a lease term exceeding the cash amounts contractually due from our tenants, creating a straight-line rent receivable that is included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , this cumulative excess totaled   $239.0 million   (net of allowances of   $106.9 million  ) and   $219.1 million   (net of allowances of   $101.4 million  ), respectively (excluding properties classified as held for sale). 
  Certain of our leases provide for periodic increases in base rent only if certain revenue parameters or other substantive contingencies are met. We recognize the increased rental revenue under these leases as the related parameters or contingencies are met, rather than on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term. 
  Senior Living Operations 
  We recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. We recognize move-in fees on a straight-line basis over the average resident stay. Our lease agreements with residents generally have terms of   12   to   18   months and are cancelable by the resident upon   30   days  notice. 
   Other 
  We recognize interest income from loans and investments, including discounts and premiums, using the effective interest method when collectibility is reasonably assured. We apply the effective interest method on a loan-by-loan basis and recognize discounts and premiums as yield adjustments over the related loan term. We recognize interest income on an impaired loan to the extent our estimate of the fair value of the collateral is sufficient to support the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest. When the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest is equal to or less than our estimate of the fair value of the collateral, we recognize interest income on a cash basis. We provide a reserve against an impaired loan to the extent our total investment in the loan exceeds our estimate of the fair value of the loan collateral. 
  We recognize income from rent, lease termination fees, development services, management advisory services, and all other income when all of the following criteria are met in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 104: (i) the applicable agreement has been fully executed and delivered; (ii) services have been rendered; (iii) the amount is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured. 
  Allowances 
  We assess the collectibility of our rent receivables, including straight-line rent receivables. We base our assessment of the collectibility of rent receivables (other than straight-line rent receivables) on several factors, including, among other things, payment history, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the value of the underlying collateral, if any, and current economic conditions. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to recover the full value of the receivable, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be recovered. We also base our assessment of the collectibility of straight-line rent receivables on several factors, including, among other things, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the historical operations and operating trends of the property, the historical payment pattern of the tenant and the type of property. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to receive the rent payments due in the future, we provide a reserve against the recognized straight-line rent receivable asset for the portion, up to its full value, that we estimate may not be recovered. If we change our assumptions or estimates regarding the collectibility of future rent payments required by a lease, we may adjust our reserve to increase or reduce the rental revenue recognized in the period we make such change in our assumptions or estimates. 
  Recently Issued or Adopted Accounting Standards 
  On January 1, 2016, we adopted ASU 2015-16,   Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments   ( ASU 2015-16 ) to simplify the accounting for business combinations, specifically as it relates to measurement-period adjustments.  Acquiring entities in a business combination must recognize measurement-period adjustments in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.  Also, ASU 2015-16 requires entities to present separately on the face of the income statement (or disclose in the notes to the financial statements) the portion of the amount recorded in the current period earnings, by line item, that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date.  Adoption of this ASU did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  
   13 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments   ( ASU 2016-13 ) which provides for an impairment model that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses.  Under ASU 2016-13, an entity recognizes as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses.  ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2020 and we do not expect its adoption will have a significant effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases   (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ), which introduces a lessee model that brings most leases on the balance sheet and amongst other changes, eliminates the requirement in current GAAP for an entity to use bright-line tests in determining lease classification. The amendments in ASU 2016-02 do not significantly change the current lessor accounting model. ASU 2016-02 is not effective for the Company until January 1, 2019 with early adoption permitted.  We are continuing to evaluate this guidance and the impact to us, as both lessor and lessee, on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue From Contracts With Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ), which outlines a comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers.  ASU 2014-09 states that  an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.   While ASU 2014-09 specifically references contracts with customers, it may apply to certain other transactions such as the sale of real estate or equipment.  In 2015, the FASB provided for a one-year deferral of the effective date for ASU 2014-09, which is now effective for us beginning January 1, 2018. We are continuing to evaluate ASU 2014-09 (and related clarifying guidance issued by the FASB); however, we do not expect its adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements, as a substantial portion of our revenue consists of rental income from leasing arrangements, which is specifically excluded from ASU 2014-09. 
   
  NOTE 3 CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Atria, Sunrise, Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred and Ardent managed or operated approximately   22.4%  ,   11.2%  ,   8.0%  ,   1.7%   and   5.1%  , respectively, of our real estate investments based on gross book value (excluding properties classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  ). Because Atria and Sunrise manage our properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of our managers in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants.  
  Seniors housing communities constituted approximately   61.4%   of our real estate investments based on gross book value (excluding properties classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  ), while MOBs, life science and innovation centers, skilled nursing facilities, specialty hospitals and general acute care hospitals collectively comprised the remaining   38.6%  . Our properties were located in   46   states, the District of Columbia,   seven   Canadian provinces and the United Kingdom as of   September 30, 2016  , with properties in   one   state (California) accounting for more than   10%   of our total revenues and total net operating income ( NOI,  which is defined as total revenues, excluding interest and other income, less property-level operating expenses and office building services costs) (in each case excluding amounts in discontinued operations) for the three months then ended. 
  Triple-Net Leased Properties 
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , approximately   4.8%   and   5.1%  , respectively, of our total revenues and   8.2%   and   8.9%  , respectively, of our total NOI (in each case excluding amounts in discontinued operations) were derived from our lease agreements with Brookdale Senior Living. For the same periods, approximately   5.3%   and   5.6%  , respectively, of our total revenues and   9.1%   and   9.7%  , respectively, of our total NOI (in each case excluding amounts in discontinued operations) were derived from our lease agreements with Kindred ( Kindred Master Leases ). For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , approximately   3.1%   of our total revenues and   5.3%   of our total NOI (in each case excluding amounts in discontinued operations) were derived from our lease agreements with Ardent.  Each of our leases with Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred and Ardent is a triple-net lease that obligates the tenant to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and to comply with the terms of the mortgage financing documents, if any, affecting the properties.  In addition, each of our Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred and Ardent leases has a corporate guaranty.  Brookdale Senior Living and Kindred have multiple leases with us and those leases contain cross-default provisions tied to each other, as well as bundled lease renewals. 
  The properties we lease to Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred and Ardent accounted for a significant portion of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and NOI for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  If either Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred or Ardent becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us or to renew its leases with us upon expiration of the terms thereof, our financial condition and results of operations could decline and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders could be impaired. We cannot assure you that Brookdale Senior  
  
   14 

Living, Kindred and Ardent will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to satisfy their respective obligations to us, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred or Ardent to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, our ability to service our indebtedness and other obligations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a REIT (a  Material Adverse Effect ). We also cannot assure you that Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred and Ardent will elect to renew their respective leases with us upon expiration of the leases or that we will be able to reposition any non-renewed properties on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. 
  On April 3, 2016, we entered into several agreements with Kindred to improve the quality and productivity of the long term acute care hospital ( LTAC ) portfolio leased by Ventas to Kindred. Certain of the agreements consist of lease amendments to the Kindred Master Leases. Under these lease amendments, annual rent on   seven   identified LTACs (the  7 LTACs ), which was approximately   $8 million  , was immediately re-allocated to other more productive post-acute assets subject to the Kindred Master Leases. Total annual rent under the Kindred Master Leases remains the same. Separately, we agreed to sell the 7 LTACs to an unrelated third party, subject to conditions to closing.  The 7 LTACs are reported as assets held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016. As a result of this disposition, we recognized an impairment of   $10.3 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , which is reported in depreciation and amortization in our Consolidated Statements of Income.  Also in April, we received   $3.5 million   from Kindred in connection with the lease amendments, which is being amortized over the lease term of certain assets remaining in the Kindred Master Leases.  On October 1, 2016, we sold the 7 LTACs for   $3.0 million  , and we expect to recognize a gain of approximately   $2.8 million  . 
  Senior Living Operations 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Atria and Sunrise, collectively, provided comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to   266   of our   298   seniors housing communities, for which we pay annual management fees pursuant to long-term management agreements.  
  In September 2016, we modified existing agreements with Sunrise related to the management of certain of the seniors housing communities owned by us and operated by Sunrise to reduce management fees payable to Sunrise under such agreements, maintain the existing term of such agreements and provide Sunrise with incentives for future outperformance. We also entered into a new multi-year development pipeline agreement with Sunrise that gives us the option to fund certain future Sunrise developments. 
  We rely on our managers  personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our senior living operations efficiently and effectively. We also rely on our managers to set appropriate resident fees and otherwise operate our seniors housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. Although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements as provided therein, Atria s or Sunrise s failure, inability or unwillingness to satisfy its respective obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, significant changes in Atria s or Sunrise s senior management or equity ownership or any adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.  
  Our   34%   ownership interest in Atria entitles us to certain rights and minority protections, as well as the right to appoint   two   of   six   members on the Atria Board of Directors. 
  Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred, Atria, Sunrise and Ardent Information 
  Each of Brookdale Senior Living and Kindred is subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC and is required to file with the SEC annual reports containing audited financial information and quarterly reports containing unaudited financial information. The information related to Brookdale Senior Living and Kindred contained or referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been derived from SEC filings made by Brookdale Senior Living or Kindred, as the case may be, or other publicly available information, or was provided to us by Brookdale Senior Living or Kindred, and we have not verified this information through an independent investigation or otherwise. We have no reason to believe that this information is inaccurate in any material respect, but we cannot assure you of its accuracy. We are providing this data for informational purposes only, and you are encouraged to obtain Brookdale Senior Living s and Kindred s publicly available filings, which can be found at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
  Atria, Sunrise and Ardent are not currently subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC. The information related to Atria, Sunrise and Ardent contained or referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been derived from publicly available information or was provided to us by Atria, Sunrise or Ardent, as the case may be, and we have not verified this  
  
   15 

information through an independent investigation or otherwise. We have no reason to believe that this information is inaccurate in any material respect, but we cannot assure you of its accuracy. 
   
  NOTE 4 ACQUISITIONS OF REAL ESTATE PROPERTY    
    
  The following summarizes our acquisition and development activities during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and the year ended December 31,   2015  . We acquire and invest in seniors housing and healthcare properties primarily to achieve an expected yield on investment, to grow and diversify our portfolio and revenue base, and to reduce our dependence on any single tenant, operator or manager, geographic location, asset type, business model or revenue source.    
  2016 Acquisitions 
  Wexford Acquisition 
  In September 2016, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the university affiliated life science and innovation real estate assets of Wexford from Blackstone for total consideration of   $1.5 billion  . The Wexford Acquisition added to our portfolio   23   operating properties,   two   development assets and   nine   future development sites. The properties acquired will continue to be managed by Wexford, which will remain a separate management company owned and operated by the existing Wexford management team. We have exclusive rights to fund and own future life science projects developed by Wexford.  
    
  Other 2016 Acquisitions 
    
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made other investments totaling approximately   $42 million  , including the acquisition of   one   triple-net leased property and   two   MOBs. 
       
  Completed Developments 
  During 2016, we completed the development of   three   triple-net leased properties (  two   of which were expansions of existing seniors housing assets), representing   $31.6 million   of net real estate property on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Estimated Fair Value 
  We are accounting for our 2016 acquisitions under the acquisition method in accordance with ASC 805 and have completed our initial accounting, which is subject to further adjustment.  The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our 2016 real estate acquisitions, which we determined using level two and level three inputs: 

16 

Aggregate Revenue and NOI 
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, aggregate revenue and net operating income ( NOI ) derived from our completed 2016 acquisitions during our period of ownership were   $14.0 million   and   $9.6 million  , respectively.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, aggregate revenue and NOI derived from our completed 2016 acquisitions during our period of ownership were   $14.7 million   and   $10.2 million  , respectively. 
  Transaction Costs 
  Transaction costs are expensed as incurred and included in merger-related expenses and deal costs in our Consolidated Statements of Income.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we expensed as incurred   $14.0 million   and   $18.6 million  , respectively, related to our completed 2016 transactions. 
  2015 Acquisitions 
  HCT Acquisition 
  In January 2015, we acquired American Realty Healthcare Trust, Inc. ( HCT ) in a stock and cash transaction, which added   152   properties to our portfolio. At the effective time of the merger, each share of HCT common stock outstanding (other than shares held by us, HCT or our respective subsidiaries, which shares were canceled) was converted into the right to receive either   0.1688   shares of our common stock (with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) or   $11.33   per share in cash, at the election of each HCT shareholder. Shares of HCT common stock for which a valid election was not made were converted into the stock consideration. We funded the transaction through the issuance of approximately   28.4 million   shares of our common stock and   1.1 million   limited partnership units that are redeemable for shares of our common stock and the payment of approximately   $11.0 million   in cash (excluding cash in lieu of fractional shares). In addition, we assumed   $167.0 million   of mortgage debt and repaid approximately   $730.0 million   of debt, net of HCT cash on hand.  In August 2015,   20   of the properties that we acquired in the HCT acquisition were disposed of as part of the CCP Spin-Off. 
  Ardent Health Services Acquisition 
  On August 4, 2015, we completed our acquisition of Ardent Health Services, Inc. ( AHS ) and simultaneous separation and sale of Ardent to a consortium composed of an entity controlled by Equity Group Investments, Ardent s management team and us (collectively the  Ardent Transaction ).  As of the acquisition date, we recorded the estimated fair value of our investment in owned hospital and other real estate of approximately   $1.3 billion  .  At closing, we paid   $26.3 million   for our   9.9%   interest in Ardent which represents our estimate of the acquisition date fair value of this interest.  Upon closing, we entered into a long-term triple-net master lease with Ardent to operate the   10   hospitals and other real estate we acquired. 
  Other 2015 Acquisitions 
  In 2015, we made other investments totaling approximately   $612.0 million  , including the acquisition of   11   triple-net leased properties;   11   MOBs (including   eight   MOBs that we had previously accounted for as investments in unconsolidated entities; and   12   skilled nursing facilities (all of which were disposed of as part of the CCP Spin-Off).  
  Completed Developments   
  During 2015, we completed the development of   one   triple-net leased seniors housing community, representing   $9.3 million   of net real estate property on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015. 
  
   17 

Estimated Fair Value 
  We are accounting for our 2015 acquisitions under the acquisition method in accordance with ASC Topic 805,   Business Combinations   ( ASC 805 ).  Our initial accounting for acquisitions completed during the year ended December 31, 2015 remains subject to further adjustment. The following table summarizes the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which we determined using level two and level three inputs:   

  Included in other assets above is   $746.9 million   of goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date.  Goodwill has been allocated to our reportable business segments based on the respective fair value of the net assets acquired, as follows: triple-net leased properties -   $133.6 million  ; senior living operations -   $219.1 million  ; and office operations -   $394.2 million  . 
   
  NOTE 5 DISPOSITIONS    
  2016 Activity 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we sold   three   triple-net leased properties,   one   seniors housing community included in our senior living operations reportable business segment and   one   MOB for aggregate consideration of   $63.8 million  .  We recognized a gain on the sales of these assets of   $31.8 million  .  
  2015 Activity 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we sold   32   triple-net leased properties and   25   MOBs for aggregate consideration of   $436.0 million  , including   $6.0 million   of lease termination fees (included within triple-net leased rental income in our Consolidated Statements of Income).  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we recognized a gain on the sales of these assets of   $32.8 million   (net of taxes), of which   $18.1 million   was deferred due to an unsecured loan we made to the buyer in connection with the sale of certain assets.  The gain is being recognized into income as principal payments are made on the loan over its   five  -year term. 
  Real Estate Impairment 
  There was   no   impairment recognized for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . An impairment of   $2.5 million   was recognized for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  We recognized impairments of   $14.5 million   and   $31.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which are recorded in depreciation and amortization. Of these impairments,   none   and   $13.0 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were reported in discontinued operations in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 

18 

Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Sale  
    
  The table below summarizes our real estate assets classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, including the amounts reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Set forth below is a summary of our results of operations for properties within discontinued operations for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Substantially all of the amounts reported for 2015 as discontinued operations in the table above reflect the historical results of operations of the CCP properties prior to the CCP Spin-Off.  All merger-related expenses and deal costs presented above reflect separation costs relating to the CCP Spin-Off.  
    
  Transition Services Agreement 
  We and CCP entered into a transition services agreement prior to the CCP Spin-Off pursuant to which we and our subsidiaries provide to CCP, on an interim, transitional basis, various services. The services provided include information technology, accounting and tax services. The overall fee charged by us for such services (the "Service Fee") was   $2.5 million   for   one   year. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recognized income of   $0.4 million   and   $1.6 million  ,  
  
   19 

respectively, relating to the Service Fee, which was payable in   four   quarterly installments. The transition services agreement expired on August 31, 2016.  
   
  NOTE 6 LOANS RECEIVABLE AND INVESTMENTS    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had   $874.3 million   and   $895.0 million  , respectively, of net loans receivable and investments relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties.  The following is a summary of our net loans receivable and investments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , including amortized cost, fair value and unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale investments:   

(1) Investments in government-sponsored pool loans have contractual maturity dates in 2023 for   September 30, 2016   and 2022 and 2023 for   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  2016 Activity 
    
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we received aggregate proceeds of   $198.5 million   in final repayment of   three   secured loans receivable and recognized gains of   $8.7 million   that is recorded in income from loans and investments in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
    
  In connection with the Wexford Acquisition, we acquired   three   non-mortgage loans receivable totaling   $13.4 million  . 
    
  In February 2016, we made a   $140.0 million   secured mezzanine loan investment, at par, relating to Class A life sciences properties in California and Massachusetts, that has an annual interest rate of   9.95%   and matures in   2021  .  
    
  In October 2016, we committed to provide secured debt financing in the amount of   $700 million   to a subsidiary of Ardent to facilitate Ardent s acquisition of LHP Hospital Group, Inc. ( LHP ).  The loan (the  Loan ) has a   five  -year term and is LIBOR-based with an initial interest rate of approximately   8%   and is guaranteed by Ardent s parent company.  Ardent will also receive an equity contribution from its majority owner, an affiliate of Equity Group Investments. The Loan is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Ardent s acquisition of LHP is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017, but there can be no assurance as to whether, when or on what terms Ardent s acquisition of LHP or the Loan will be completed. 
  
   20 

2015 Activity 
    
  We issued   one   non-mortgage loan (  $20.0 million  ) and   one   secured loan (  $78.4 million  ) to buyers in connection with the sales of certain assets in February and October, respectively. In June 2015, we sold our   $71.0 million   investment in senior unsecured corporate bonds for   $76.8 million  .  We recognized a gain of   $5.8 million   that is included within income from loans and investments in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2015.  This gain includes   $5.0 million   that was previously unrealized within accumulated other comprehensive income on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014. 
    
  During the year ended December 31, 2015, we received aggregate proceeds of   $97.0 million   in final repayment of   three   secured and   one   non-mortgage loans receivable.  We recognized gains aggregating   $1.9 million   on the repayment of these loans receivable that are recorded in income from loans and investments in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

NOTE 7 INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES    
  We report investments in unconsolidated entities over whose operating and financial policies we have the ability to exercise significant influence under the equity method of accounting.  We are not required to consolidate these entities because our joint venture partners have significant participating rights, nor are these entities considered VIEs, as they are controlled by equity holders with sufficient capital.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had ownership interests (ranging from   5%   to   25%  ) in joint ventures that owned   39   properties, excluding properties in development.  We account for our interests in real estate joint ventures, as well as our   34%   interest in Atria and   9.9%   interest in Ardent (which are included within other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets), under the equity method of accounting. 
  With the exception of our interests in Atria and Ardent, we provide various services to each unconsolidated entity in exchange for fees and reimbursements.  Total management fees earned in connection with these entities were   $1.8 million   and   $1.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $5.0 million   and   $5.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively (which is included in office building and other services revenue in our Consolidated Statements of Income). 
   
  NOTE 8 INTANGIBLES    
  The following is a summary of our intangibles as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :   

N/A Not Applicable. 
  
   21 

Above market lease intangibles and in-place and other lease intangibles are included in acquired lease intangibles within real estate investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Other intangibles (including non-compete agreements, trade names and trademarks) are included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Below market lease intangibles, other lease intangibles and purchase option intangibles are included in accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
   
  NOTE 9 OTHER ASSETS    
  The following is a summary of our other assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :   

22 

NOTE 10 SENIOR NOTES PAYABLE AND OTHER DEBT    
  The following is a summary of our senior notes payable and other debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :   

(2) 
    These amounts represent in aggregate the   $573.4 million   of unsecured term loan borrowings under our unsecured credit facility, of which   $94.8 million   included in the 2019 tranche is in the form of Canadian dollars. 
              (3) 
    These borrowings are in the form of Canadian dollars. 
              (4) 
    2016 and 2015 exclude   $66.0 million   and   $22.9 million  , respectively, of mortgage debt related to real estate assets classified as held for sale that is included in liabilities related to assets held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

23 

As of   September 30, 2016  , our indebtedness had the following maturities:   

(1) 
    As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $89.3 million   of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, for   $143.1 million   of net borrowings outstanding under our unsecured revolving credit facility.  
       Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and Unsecured Term Loans 
  Our unsecured credit facility is comprised of a   $2.0 billion   revolving credit facility priced at   LIBOR   plus   1.0%   as of   September 30, 2016  , and a   $200.0 million   fully funded   four  -year term loan and an   $800.0 million     five  -year term loan (with   $373.4 million   outstanding), each priced at   LIBOR   plus   1.05%   as of   September 30, 2016  .  The revolving credit facility matures in January 2018, but may be extended, at our option subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, for an additional period of   one   year.  The   $200.0 million   and   $800.0 million   term loans mature in January 2018 and January 2019, respectively.  The unsecured credit facility also includes an accordion feature that permits us to increase our aggregate borrowing capacity thereunder to up to   $3.5 billion  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $232.4 million   of borrowings outstanding,   $14.1 million   of letters of credit outstanding and   $1.8 billion   of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we also had a   $900.0 million   fully funded term loan due 2020 priced at   LIBOR   plus   97.5   basis points.   
    
  In May 2016, we repaid   $100.0 million   outstanding on our unsecured term loan due 2019 using cash on hand and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of   $0.4 million  .   
    
  Senior Notes 
    
  In May 2016, we issued and sold   $400.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   3.125%   senior notes due 2023 at a public offering price equal to   99.343%   of par, for total proceeds of   $397.4 million   before the underwriting discount and expenses.   
    
  In June 2016, we redeemed   $455.5 million   aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our   1.55%   senior notes due September 2016 at a public offering price of   100.335%   of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of   $2.1 million  .  The redemption was funded using proceeds from our May 2016 senior note issuance, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  In July 2016, we repaid the remaining balance then outstanding of our   1.55%   senior notes due September 2016 of   $94.5 million   and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of   $0.3 million  . 
    
  In September 2016, we issued and sold   $450.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   3.25%   senior notes due 2026 at a public offering price equal to   99.811%   of par, for total proceeds of   $449.1 million   before the underwriting discount and expenses.   

24 

Mortgages 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repaid in full mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of   $254.7 million   with a weighted average maturity of   2.1   years and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of   $0.4 million   in connection with these repayments. 
    
  Derivatives and Hedging 
    
  In February 2016, we entered into a   $200 million   notional amount interest rate swap with a maturity of August 3, 2020 that effectively converts LIBOR-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt, setting LIBOR at   1.132%   through the maturity date of the swap. 
    
  In July 2016, we entered into   $225 million   notional forward starting swaps that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates between July and the September issuance of   3.25%   senior notes due 2026.  On the issuance date, we realized a gain of   $1.9 million   from these swaps which will be recognized over the life of the notes using an effective interest method. 

NOTE 11 FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments were as follows:   

  Fair value estimates are subjective in nature and based upon several important assumptions, including estimates of future cash flows, risks, discount rates and relevant comparable market information associated with each financial instrument. The use of different market assumptions and estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the reported estimated fair value amounts. Accordingly, the estimates presented above are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we would realize in a current market exchange. 
   
  NOTE 12 LITIGATION    
  Proceedings against Tenants, Operators and Managers 
  From time to time, Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred, Atria, Sunrise and our other tenants, operators and managers are parties to certain legal actions, regulatory investigations and claims arising in the conduct of their business and operations. Even though we generally are not party to these proceedings, the unfavorable resolution of any such actions, investigations or claims could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect such tenants , operators  or managers  liquidity, financial condition or results of operations and their ability to satisfy their respective obligations to us, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
  Proceedings Indemnified and Defended by Third Parties 
  From time to time, we are party to certain legal actions, regulatory investigations and claims for which third parties are contractually obligated to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless. The tenants of our triple-net leased properties and, in some  
  
   25 

cases, their affiliates are required by the terms of their leases and other agreements with us to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless against certain actions, investigations and claims arising in the course of their business and related to the operations of our triple-net leased properties. In addition, third parties from whom we acquired certain of our assets and, in some cases, their affiliates are required by the terms of the related conveyance documents to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless against certain actions, investigations and claims related to the acquired assets and arising prior to our ownership or related to excluded assets and liabilities. In some cases, a portion of the purchase price consideration is held in escrow for a specified period of time as collateral for these indemnification obligations. We are presently being defended by certain tenants and other obligated third parties in these types of matters. We cannot assure you that our tenants, their affiliates or other obligated third parties will continue to defend us in these matters, that our tenants, their affiliates or other obligated third parties will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to satisfy their defense and indemnification obligations to us or that any purchase price consideration held in escrow will be sufficient to satisfy claims for which we are entitled to indemnification. The unfavorable resolution of any such actions, investigations or claims could, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our tenants  or other obligated third parties  liquidity, financial condition or results of operations and their ability to satisfy their respective obligations to us, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
  Proceedings Arising in Connection with Senior Living and Office Operations; Other Litigation 
  From time to time, we are party to various legal actions, regulatory investigations and claims (some of which may not be insured and some of which may allege large damage amounts) arising in connection with our senior living and office operations or otherwise in the course of our business. In limited circumstances, the manager of the applicable seniors housing community or office building may be contractually obligated to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless against such actions, investigations and claims. It is the opinion of management that the disposition of any such actions, investigations and claims that are currently pending will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on us. However, regardless of their merits, we may be forced to expend significant financial resources to defend and resolve these matters, if any. We are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of these actions, investigations and claims, and if management s assessment of our liability with respect thereto is incorrect, such actions, investigations and claims could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
   
  NOTE 13 INCOME TAXES    
  We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the Code for every year beginning with the year ended December 31, 1999. We have also elected for certain of our subsidiaries to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRS  or  TRS entities ), which are subject to federal, state, and foreign income taxes. All entities other than the TRS entities are collectively referred to as the  REIT  within this   NOTE 13  .  Certain REIT entities are subject to foreign income tax. 
  Although the TRS entities and certain other foreign entities have paid minimal cash federal, state, and foreign income taxes for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , their income tax liabilities may increase in future periods as we exhaust net operating loss ( NOL ) carryforwards and as our senior living and other operations grow. Such increases could be significant. 
  Our consolidated provision for income taxes for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was a benefit of   $8.5 million   and   $10.7 million  , respectively.  Our consolidated provision for income taxes for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was a benefit of   $28.5 million   and   $27.7 million  , respectively. The income tax benefit for the   nine   months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were each due primarily to operating losses at our TRS entities, however for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   $5.9 million   of the income tax benefit is due to the reversal of the net deferred tax liability at   one   TRS entity and   $3.6 million   of the income tax benefit is due to the release of a tax reserve at the REIT. 
  Realization of a deferred tax benefit related to NOLs depends in part upon generating sufficient taxable income in future periods. Our NOL carryforwards begin to expire in 2024 with respect to our TRS entities and in 2016 for the REIT. 
  Each TRS and foreign entity is a tax paying component for purposes of classifying deferred tax assets and liabilities. Net deferred tax liabilities with respect to our TRS and foreign entities totaled   $315.7 million   and   $338.4 million   as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and related primarily to differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of fixed and intangible assets, net of loss carryforwards.  A deferred tax liability of   $2.3 million   was recorded in the   three months ended September 30, 2016   in connection with the Wexford Acquisition. 
  Generally, we are subject to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service for the year ended December 31, 2013 and subsequent years and are subject to audit by state taxing authorities for the year ended December 31, 2011 and subsequent years. We are subject to audit by the Canada Revenue Agency and provincial authorities with respect to certain entities acquired or formed in connection with our 2007 acquisition of Sunrise Senior Living Real Estate Investment Trust generally for periods subsequent to the acquisition. We are also subject to audit in Canada for periods subsequent to the  
  
   26 

acquisition, and certain prior periods, with respect to the entities acquired in 2014 from Holiday Retirement.  We are subject to audit in the United Kingdom generally for periods ended in and subsequent to 2015. 
   
  NOTE 14 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY    
  Capital Stock 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we issued and sold   18,566,822   shares of common stock under our  at-the-market  ( ATM ) equity offering program and public offerings.  Aggregate net proceeds for these activities were   $1.3 billion  , after sales agent commissions.  We used the proceeds to fund a portion of the Wexford Acquisition, for working capital and other general corporate purposes.  See   NOTE 4. ''ACQUISITIONS OF REAL ESTATE PROPERTY''   for additional information. 
  Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , we issued and sold   297,019   shares of common stock under our ATM equity offering program for aggregate net proceeds of   $21.2 million  , after sales agent commissions of   $0.3 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $252.1 million   of our common stock remained available for sale under our ATM equity offering program.  
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , third party investors redeemed   65,581   OP Units and   311,208   Class C Units for   370,558   shares of Ventas common stock, valued at   $23.0 million  . 
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
  The following is a summary of our accumulated other comprehensive loss as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The change in foreign currency translation during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was due primarily to the remeasurement of our properties located in the United Kingdom. 
  
   27 

NOTE 15 EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE    
  The following table shows the amounts used in computing our basic and diluted earnings per common share: 

NOTE 16 SEGMENT INFORMATION    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated through   three   reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties, senior living operations and office operations. Under our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in and own seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the United States and the United Kingdom and lease those properties to healthcare operating companies under  triple-net  or  absolute-net  leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. In our senior living operations segment, we invest in seniors housing communities throughout the United States and Canada and engage independent operators, such as Atria and Sunrise, to manage those communities. In our office operations segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage MOBs and life science and innovation centers throughout the United States. Information provided for  all other  includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our   three   reportable business segments. Assets included in  all other  consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, deferred financing costs, loans receivable and investments, and miscellaneous accounts receivable. 
  We evaluate performance of the combined properties in each reportable business segment based on segment profit, which we define as NOI adjusted for income/loss from unconsolidated entities. We define NOI as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and office building services costs. We consider segment profit useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to measure unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results to the operating results of other real estate companies between periods on a consistent basis. In order to facilitate a clear understanding of our historical consolidated operating results, segment profit should be examined in conjunction with net income as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  
   28 

Interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general, administrative and professional fees, income tax expense, discontinued operations and other non-property specific revenues and expenses are not allocated to individual reportable business segments for purposes of assessing segment performance. There are no intersegment sales or transfers. 
  Summary information by reportable business segment is as follows: 

29 

30 

31 

Capital expenditures, including investments in real estate property and development project expenditures, by reportable business segment are as follows: 

32 

Our portfolio of properties and mortgage loan and other investments are located in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. Revenues are attributed to an individual country based on the location of each property. 
  Geographic information regarding our operations is as follows: 

NOTE 17 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING INFORMATION (Unaudited)    
  Ventas, Inc. has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by our   100%   owned subsidiary, Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership ( Ventas Realty ), including the senior notes that were jointly issued with Ventas Capital Corporation.  Ventas Capital Corporation is a direct   100%   owned subsidiary of Ventas Realty that has no assets or operations, but was formed in 2002 solely to facilitate offerings of senior notes by a limited partnership. None of our other subsidiaries (such subsidiaries, excluding Ventas Realty and Ventas Capital Corporation, the  Ventas Subsidiaries ) is obligated with respect to Ventas Realty s outstanding senior notes.  Certain of Ventas Realty s outstanding senior notes reflected in our condensed consolidating information were issued jointly with Ventas Capital Corporation.  
  Ventas, Inc. has also fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by our 100% owned subsidiary, Ventas Canada Finance Limited.  None of our other subsidiaries is obligated with respect to Ventas Canada Finance Limited s outstanding senior notes, all of which were issued on a private placement basis in Canada. 
  In connection with the acquisition of Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. ( NHP ), our   100%   owned subsidiary, Nationwide Health Properties, LLC ( NHP LLC ), as successor to NHP, assumed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by NHP.  Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries (other than NHP LLC) is obligated with respect to any of NHP LLC s outstanding senior notes. 
  Under certain circumstances, contractual and legal restrictions, including those contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries  outstanding mortgage indebtedness, may restrict our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations, including our payment guarantees with respect to Ventas Realty s and Ventas Canada Finance Limited s senior notes. Certain of our real estate assets are also subject to mortgages. 
  
   33 

The following summarizes our condensed consolidating information as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  As of   September 30, 2016    

34 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 
  As of   December 31, 2015    

35 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
  For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016    

36 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
  For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    

37 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    

38 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF INCOME 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    

39 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    

40 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 

41 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    

42 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    

43 

ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Cautionary Statements 
      Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). All statements regarding our or our tenants , operators , borrowers  or managers  expected future financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, funds from operations, dividends and dividend plans, financing opportunities and plans, capital markets transactions, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, operating metrics, capital expenditures, competitive positions, acquisitions, investment opportunities, dispositions, merger integration, growth opportunities, expected lease income, continued qualification as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ), plans and objectives of management for future operations, and statements that include words such as  anticipate,   if,   believe,   plan,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   could,   should,   will,  and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and actual results may differ from our expectations. We do not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. 
  Our actual future results and trends may differ materially from expectations depending on a variety of factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). These factors include without limitation: 
             
    The ability and willingness of our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other third parties to satisfy their obligations under their respective contractual arrangements with us, including, in some cases, their obligations to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities; 
                
    The ability of our tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to maintain the financial strength and liquidity necessary to satisfy their respective obligations and liabilities to third parties, including without limitation obligations under their existing credit facilities and other indebtedness; 
                
    Our success in implementing our business strategy and our ability to identify, underwrite, finance, consummate and integrate diversifying acquisitions and investments; 
                
    Macroeconomic conditions such as a disruption of or lack of access to the capital markets, changes in the debt rating on U.S. government securities, default or delay in payment by the United States of its obligations, and changes in the federal or state budgets resulting in the reduction or nonpayment of Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement rates; 
                
    The nature and extent of future competition, including new construction in the markets in which our seniors housing communities and office buildings are located; 
                
    The extent of future or pending healthcare reform and regulation, including cost containment measures and changes in reimbursement policies, procedures and rates; 
                
    Increases in our borrowing costs as a result of changes in interest rates and other factors; 
                
    The ability of our tenants, operators and managers, as applicable, to comply with laws, rules and regulations in the operation of our properties, to deliver high-quality services, to attract and retain qualified personnel and to attract residents and patients; 
                
    Changes in general economic conditions or economic conditions in the markets in which we may, from time to time, compete, and the effect of those changes on our revenues, earnings and funding sources; 
                
    Our ability to pay down, refinance, restructure or extend our indebtedness as it becomes due; 
                
    Our ability and willingness to maintain our qualification as a REIT in light of economic, market, legal, tax and other considerations; 
                
    Final determination of our taxable net income for the year ending   December 31, 2016  ; 
                
    The ability and willingness of our tenants to renew their leases with us upon expiration of the leases, our ability to reposition our properties on the same or better terms in the event of nonrenewal or in the event we exercise our right to replace an existing tenant, and obligations, including indemnification obligations, we may incur in connection with the replacement of an existing tenant; 
     
   44 

Risks associated with our senior living operating portfolio, such as factors that can cause volatility in our operating income and earnings generated by those properties, including without limitation national and regional economic conditions, development of new competing properties, costs of food, materials, energy, labor and services, employee benefit costs, insurance costs and professional and general liability claims, and the timely delivery of accurate property-level financial results for those properties; 
                
    Changes in exchange rates for any foreign currency in which we may, from time to time, conduct business; 
                
    Year-over-year changes in the Consumer Price Index or the UK Retail Price Index and the effect of those changes on the rent escalators contained in our leases and on our earnings; 
                
    Our ability and the ability of our tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to obtain and maintain adequate property, liability and other insurance from reputable, financially stable providers; 
                
    The impact of increased operating costs and uninsured professional liability claims on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations or that of our tenants, operators, borrowers and managers and our ability and the ability of our tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to accurately estimate the magnitude of those claims; 
                
    Risks associated with our office building portfolio and operations, including our ability to successfully design, develop and manage office buildings and to retain key personnel; 
                
    The ability of the hospitals on or near whose campuses our medical office buildings ( MOBs ) are located and their affiliated health systems to remain competitive and financially viable and to attract physicians and physician groups; 
                
    Risks associated with our investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated entities, including our lack of sole decision-making authority and our reliance on our joint venture partners  financial condition; 
                
    Our ability to obtain the financial results expected from our development and redevelopment projects, including projects undertaken through our joint ventures; 
                
    The impact of market or issuer events on the liquidity or value of our investments in marketable securities; 
                
    Consolidation in the seniors housing and healthcare industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor s investment in, one or more of our tenants, operators, borrowers or managers or significant changes in the senior management of our tenants, operators, borrowers or managers; 
                
    The impact of litigation or any financial, accounting, legal or regulatory issues that may affect us or our tenants, operators, borrowers or managers; and 
                
    Changes in accounting principles, or their application or interpretation, and our ability to make estimates and the assumptions underlying the estimates, which could have an effect on our earnings. 
     Many of these factors are beyond our control and the control of our management.       
  Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred, Atria, Sunrise and Ardent Information 
  Each of Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (together with its subsidiaries,  Brookdale Senior Living ) and Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries,  Kindred ) is subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC and is required to file with the SEC annual reports containing audited financial information and quarterly reports containing unaudited financial information. The information related to Brookdale Senior Living and Kindred contained or referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been derived from SEC filings made by Brookdale Senior Living or Kindred, as the case may be, or other publicly available information or was provided to us by Brookdale Senior Living or Kindred, and we have not verified this information through an independent investigation or otherwise. We have no reason to believe that this information is inaccurate in any material respect, but we cannot assure you of its accuracy. We are providing this data for informational purposes only, and you are encouraged to obtain Brookdale Senior Living s and Kindred s publicly available filings, which can be found on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
  Atria Senior Living, Inc. ( Atria ), Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (together with its subsidiaries,  Sunrise ) and Ardent Health Partners, LLC (together with its subsidiaries  Ardent ) are not currently subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC. The information related to Atria, Sunrise and Ardent contained or referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been derived from publicly available information or was provided to us by Atria, Sunrise or Ardent, as the case may be, and we have not verified this information through an independent investigation or otherwise. We have no reason to believe that this information is inaccurate in any material respect, but we cannot assure you of its accuracy. 
  
   45 

Company Overview 
  We are a REIT with a highly diversified portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties located throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. As of   September 30, 2016  , we owned approximately   1,300   properties (including properties classified as held for sale), consisting of seniors housing communities, MOBs, life science and innovation centers, skilled nursing facilities, specialty hospitals and general acute care hospitals, and we had   five   properties under development, including   two   properties that are owned by an unconsolidated real estate entity. We are an S P 500 company and headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.  In August 2015, we completed the spin off of most of our post-acute/skilled nursing facility portfolio into an independent, publicly traded REIT named Care Capital Properties, Inc. ( CCP ) (the  CCP Spin-Off ). The historical results of operations of the CCP properties are presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
  We primarily invest in seniors housing and healthcare properties through acquisitions and lease our properties to unaffiliated tenants or operate them through independent third-party managers. As of   September 30, 2016  , we leased a total of   575   properties (excluding MOBs and life science and innovation centers and   34   properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities, and including   25   properties classified as held for sale) to various healthcare operating companies under  triple-net  or  absolute-net  leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and we engaged independent operators, such as Atria and Sunrise, to manage   298   seniors housing communities for us pursuant to long-term management agreements.  Our   three   largest tenants, Brookdale Senior Living, Kindred and Ardent leased from us   140   properties (excluding   six   properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities and   one   property managed by Brookdale Senior Living pursuant to a long-term management agreement),   68   properties (excluding   one   office building) and   ten   properties, respectively, as of   September 30, 2016  .   
  Through our Lillibridge Healthcare Services, Inc. ( Lillibridge ) subsidiary and our ownership interest in PMB Real Estate Services LLC ( PMBRES ), we also provide MOB management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the United States. In addition, from time to time, we make secured and other loans and investments relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties. 
  We aim to enhance shareholder value by delivering consistent, superior total returns through a strategy of: (1) generating reliable and growing cash flows; (2) maintaining a balanced, diversified portfolio of high-quality assets; and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity. 
  Our ability to access capital in a timely and cost effective manner is critical to the success of our business strategy because it affects our ability to satisfy existing obligations, including the repayment of maturing indebtedness, and to make future investments. Factors such as general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our securities, expectations of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the trading price of our common stock that are beyond our control and fluctuate over time all impact our access to and cost of external capital. For that reason, we generally attempt to match the long-term duration of our investments in real property with long-term financing through the issuance of shares of our common stock or the incurrence of long-term fixed rate debt.  
  In September 2016, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the university affiliated life science and innovation real estate assets of Wexford Science   Technology, LLC ( Wexford ) from affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate Partners VIII, L.P. (together with its affiliates,  Blackstone ) (the  Wexford Acquisition ).   As a result, we renamed our MOB operations reportable business segment  office operations,  which now includes both MOBs and life science assets. 
   
  Operating Highlights and Key Performance Trends 
  2016   Highlights and Other Recent Developments 
  Investments and Dispositions 
             
    In September 2016, we acquired substantially all of the university affiliated life science and innovation real estate assets of Wexford from Blackstone for total consideration of   $1.5 billion  . The Wexford Acquisition added   23   operating properties,   two   development assets and   nine   future development sites to our portfolio. 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   we made a   $140.0 million   secured mezzanine loan investment relating to Class A life sciences properties in California and Massachusetts that has an annual interest rate of   9.95%  , and we acquired two MOBs and one triple-net leased seniors housing asset for approximately $42.0 million. 

46 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we sold   three   triple-net leased properties,   one   seniors housing community included in our senior living operations reportable business segment and   one   MOB for aggregate consideration of   $63.8 million  .  We recognized a gain on the sales of these assets of   $31.8 million  .  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received aggregate proceeds of   $198.5 million   in final repayment of   three   secured loans receivable and recognized gains of   $8.7 million  . 

In October 2016, we committed to provide secured debt financing in the amount of   $700 million   to a subsidiary of Ardent to facilitate Ardent s acquisition of LHP Hospital Group, Inc. ( LHP ).  The loan (the  Loan ) has a   five  -year term and is LIBOR-based with an initial interest rate of approximately   8%   and is guaranteed by Ardent s parent company.  Ardent will also receive an equity contribution from its majority owner, an affiliate of Equity Group Investments. The Loan is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Ardent s acquisition of LHP is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017, but there can be no assurance as to whether, when or on what terms Ardent s acquisition of LHP or the Loan will be completed. 
     Liquidity, Capital and Dividends 
             
    We paid the first three quarterly installments of our 2016 dividend of   $0.73   per share. 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we issued and sold   18,566,822   shares of common stock under our  at-the-market  ( ATM ) equity offering program and public offerings.  Aggregate net proceeds for these activities were   $1.3 billion  , after sales agent commissions.  We used the proceeds to fund a portion of the Wexford Acquisition, for working capital and other general corporate purposes.  Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , we issued and sold   297,019   shares of common stock under our ATM equity offering program for aggregate net proceeds of   $21.2 million  , after sales agent commissions of   $0.3 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $252.1 million   of our common stock remained available for sale under our ATM equity offering program.  

Portfolio 
             
    In April 2016, we entered into several agreements with Kindred to improve the quality and productivity of the long term acute care hospital ( LTAC ) portfolio leased by Ventas to Kindred. Certain of the agreements consist of lease amendments to our lease agreements with Kindred ( Kindred Master Leases ). Under these lease amendments, annual rent on   seven   identified LTACs (the  7 LTACs ), which was approximately   $8 million  , was immediately re-allocated to other more productive post-acute assets subject to the Kindred Master Leases. Total annual rent under the Kindred Master Leases remains the same. Separately, we agreed to sell the 7 LTACs to an unrelated third party, subject to conditions to closing.  In April, we received   $3.5 million   from Kindred in connection with the lease amendments, which is being amortized over the lease term of certain assets remaining in the Kindred Master Leases.  On October 1, 2016, we sold the 7 LTACs for   $3.0 million  , and we expect to recognize a gain of approximately   $2.8 million  . 

In September 2016, we modified existing agreements with Sunrise related to the management of certain of the seniors housing communities owned by us and operated by Sunrise to reduce management fees payable to Sunrise under such agreements, maintain the existing term of such agreements and provide Sunrise with incentives for future outperformance. We also entered into a new multi-year development pipeline agreement with Sunrise that gives us the option to fund certain future Sunrise developments. 
     
   47 

Concentration Risk 
  We use concentration ratios to identify, understand and evaluate the potential impact of economic downturns and other adverse events that may affect our asset types, geographic locations, business models, and tenants, operators and managers. We evaluate concentration risk in terms of investment mix and operations mix. Investment mix measures the percentage of our investments that is concentrated in a specific asset type or that is operated or managed by a particular tenant, operator or manager. Operations mix measures the percentage of our operating results that is attributed to a particular tenant, operator or manager, geographic location or business model. The following tables reflect our concentration risk as of the dates and for the periods presented:   

(1) 
    Ratios are based on the gross book value of real estate investments (excluding assets classified as held for sale) as of each reporting date. 
              (2) 
    Activity relates to our September 2016 Wexford Acquisition. 

48 

(1) 
    Total revenues include office building and other services revenue, revenue from loans and investments and interest and other income (excluding amounts in discontinued operations).  
       
           (2) 
    Excludes one seniors housing community included in senior living operations. 
       
           (3) 
    Activity relates to August 2015 acquisition of Ardent Health Services, Inc. and simultaneous separation and sale of the Ardent hospital operating company to a consortium of an entity controlled by Equity Group Investments, Ardent s management team and us. 
       
           (4) 
     Adjusted EBITDA  is defined as consolidated earnings, which includes amounts in discontinued operations, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (including non-cash stock-based compensation expense), excluding gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, our consolidated joint venture partners  share of EBITDA, merger-related expenses and deal costs, expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements, net gains or losses on real estate activity, gains or losses on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, changes in the fair value of financial instruments and unrealized foreign currency gains or losses, and including our share of EBITDA from unconsolidated entities and adjustments for other immaterial or identified items. 
              (5) 
     NOI  represents net operating income, which is defined as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and office building services costs (excluding amounts in discontinued operations). 
              (6) 
    Ratios are based on total revenues (excluding amounts in discontinued operations) for each period presented. 
     
   49 

See  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional disclosures regarding Adjusted EBITDA and NOI and reconciliations to our net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with GAAP. 
  Triple-Net Lease Expirations 
  If our tenants are not able or willing to renew our triple-net leases upon expiration, we may be unable to reposition the applicable properties on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. Although our lease expirations are staggered, the non-renewal of some or all of our triple-net leases that expire in any given year could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, our ability to service our indebtedness and other obligations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a REIT (a  Material Adverse Effect ).  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we had no triple-net lease renewals or expirations without renewal that, in the aggregate, had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations for that period. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information set forth in the Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ), as published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ). GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We base these estimates on our experience and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. However, if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, we may have applied a different accounting treatment, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. We periodically reevaluate our estimates and assumptions, and in the event they prove to be different from actual results, we make adjustments in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 12, 2016, for further information regarding the critical accounting policies that affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests. 
  GAAP requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities ( VIEs ). A VIE is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity s activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; and (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity s activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. We consolidate our investment in a VIE when we determine that we are its primary beneficiary. We may change our original assessment of a VIE upon subsequent events such as the modification of contractual arrangements that affects the characteristics or adequacy of the entity s equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary. 
  We identify the primary beneficiary of a VIE as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the entity. We perform this analysis on an ongoing basis.  
  As it relates to investments in joint ventures, GAAP may preclude consolidation by the sole general partner in certain circumstances based on the type of rights held by the limited partner(s). We assess limited partners  rights and their impact on our consolidation conclusions, and we reassess if there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners, the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership of limited partnership interests, or there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. We also apply this guidance to managing member interests in limited liability companies. 
  
   50 

Business Combinations 
  We account for acquisitions using the acquisition method and record the cost of the businesses acquired among tangible and recognized intangible assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Recognized intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases, acquired lease contracts, tenant and customer relationships, trade names/trademarks and goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business. 
  Our method for recording the purchase price to acquired investments in real estate requires us to make subjective assessments for determining fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. This includes determining the value of the buildings, land and improvements, construction in progress, ground leases, tenant improvements, in-place leases, above and/or below market leases, purchase option intangible assets and/or liabilities, and any debt assumed. These estimates require significant judgment and in some cases involve complex calculations. These assessments directly impact our results of operations, as amounts estimated for certain assets and liabilities have different depreciation or amortization lives. In addition, we amortize the value assigned to above and/or below market leases as a component of revenue, unlike in-place leases and other intangibles, which we include in depreciation and amortization in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  We estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis, or replacement cost basis, and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, generally not to exceed 35 years. We determine the fair value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets  estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. We determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio.  We generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. However, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. During the remaining construction period, we capitalize interest expense until the development has reached substantial completion. Construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion. 
  The fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above and/or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. We amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. If a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations at that time. 
  We estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities by discounting the difference between the applicable property s acquisition date fair value and an estimate of its future option price.  We do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale. 
  We estimate the fair value of tenant or other customer relationships acquired, if any, by considering the nature and extent of existing business relationships with the tenant or customer, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant or customer, the tenant s credit quality, expectations of lease renewals with the tenant, and the potential for significant, additional future leasing arrangements with the tenant, and we amortize that value over the expected life of the associated arrangements or leases, including the remaining terms of the related leases and any expected renewal periods.  We estimate the fair value of trade names and trademarks using a royalty rate methodology and amortize that value over the estimated useful life of the trade name or trademark. 
  In connection with a business combination, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. We assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement.  We assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. To the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability, as applicable, at fair value and amortize that asset or liability (excluding purchase option intangibles) to interest or rental expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income over the applicable lease term. 
  We include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  
   51 

We determine the fair value of loans receivable acquired in connection with a business combination by discounting the estimated future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans on the same terms with the same length to maturity would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. We do not establish a valuation allowance at the acquisition date because the estimated future cash flows already reflect our judgment regarding their uncertainty. We recognize the difference between the acquisition date fair value and the total expected cash flows as interest income using an effective interest method over the life of the applicable loan. Subsequent to the acquisition date, we evaluate changes regarding the uncertainty of future cash flows and the need for a valuation allowance, as appropriate. 
  We estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed consistent with the manner in which we value all of the underlying assets and liabilities. 
  We base the initial carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities on the fair value of the assets at the time we acquired the joint venture interest. We estimate fair values for our equity method investments based on discounted cash flow models that include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums or discounts. The capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads we use in these models are based upon assumptions that we believe to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective investments. 
  We generally amortize any difference between our cost basis and the basis reflected at the joint venture level over the lives of the related assets and liabilities and include that amortization in our share of income or loss from unconsolidated entities. For earnings of equity method investments with pro rata distribution allocations, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on their respective stated ownership percentages. In other instances, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on the hypothetical liquidation at book value method. 
  We calculate the fair value of long-term debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument. 
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
  We periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. If indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. In performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. We adjust the net book value of leased properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. We recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination. 
  Revenue Recognition 
   Triple-Net Leased Properties and Office Operations 
  Certain of our triple-net leases and most of our MOB and life science and innovation center (collectively,  office operations ) leases provide for periodic and determinable increases in base rent. We recognize base rental revenues under these leases on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term when collectibility is reasonably assured. Recognizing rental income on a straight-line basis generally results in recognized revenues during the first half of a lease term exceeding the cash amounts contractually due from our tenants, creating a straight-line rent receivable that is included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
  Certain of our leases provide for periodic increases in base rent only if certain revenue parameters or other substantive contingencies are met. We recognize the increased rental revenue under these leases as the related parameters or contingencies are met, rather than on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term. 
  Senior Living Operations 
  We recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. We recognize move-in fees on a straight-line basis over the average resident stay. Our lease agreements with residents generally have terms of   12   to   18   months and are cancelable by the resident upon   30   days  notice. 
   Other 
  We recognize interest income from loans and investments, including discounts and premiums, using the effective interest method when collectibility is reasonably assured. We apply the effective interest method on a loan-by-loan basis and recognize discounts and premiums as yield adjustments over the related loan term. We recognize interest income on an impaired loan to  
  
   52 

the extent our estimate of the fair value of the collateral is sufficient to support the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest. When the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest is equal to or less than our estimate of the fair value of the collateral, we recognize interest income on a cash basis. We provide a reserve against an impaired loan to the extent our total investment in the loan exceeds our estimate of the fair value of the loan collateral. 
  We recognize income from rent, lease termination fees, development services, management advisory services, and all other income when all of the following criteria are met in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 104: (i) the applicable agreement has been fully executed and delivered; (ii) services have been rendered; (iii) the amount is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured. 
   Allowances 
  We assess the collectibility of our rent receivables, including straight-line rent receivables. We base our assessment of the collectibility of rent receivables (other than straight-line rent receivables) on several factors, including, among other things, payment history, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the value of the underlying collateral, if any, and current economic conditions. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to recover the full value of the receivable, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be recovered. We also base our assessment of the collectibility of straight-line rent receivables on several factors, including, among other things, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the historical operations and operating trends of the property, the historical payment pattern of the tenant and the type of property. If our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to receive the rent payments due in the future, we provide a reserve against the recognized straight-line rent receivable asset for the portion, up to its full value, that we estimate may not be recovered. If we change our assumptions or estimates regarding the collectibility of future rent payments required by a lease, we may adjust our reserve to increase or reduce the rental revenue recognized in the period we make such change in our assumptions or estimates. 
  Recently Issued or Adopted Accounting Standards 
  On January 1, 2016, we adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-02,   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis   ( ASU 2015-02 ), which makes certain changes to both the variable interest and voting models. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not result in any changes to our conclusions regarding the consolidation of investments under the new standard. We identified several entities already consolidated under the previous standard but not considered VIEs, which under the new standard are considered VIEs and will continue to be consolidated.  We have updated our disclosures to reflect the new VIE determinations. 
  On January 1, 2016, we adopted ASU 2015-16,   Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments   ( ASU 2015-16 ) to simplify the accounting for business combinations, specifically as it relates to measurement-period adjustments.  Acquiring entities in a business combination must recognize measurement-period adjustments in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.  Also, ASU 2015-16 requires entities to present separately on the face of the income statement (or disclose in the notes to the financial statements) the portion of the amount recorded in the current period earnings, by line item, that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date.  Adoption of this ASU did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments   ( ASU 2016-13 ) which provides for an impairment model that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses.  Under ASU 2016-13, an entity recognizes as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses.  ASU 2016-13 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2020 and we do not expect its adoption will have a significant effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases   (Topic 842) ( ASU 2016-02 ), which introduces a lessee model that brings most leases on the balance sheet and amongst other changes, eliminates the requirement in current GAAP for an entity to use bright-line tests in determining lease classification. The amendments in ASU 2016-02 do not significantly change the current lessor accounting model. ASU 2016-02 is not effective for the Company until January 1, 2019 with early adoption permitted.  We are continuing to evaluate this guidance and the impact to us, as both lessor and lessee, on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue From Contracts With Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 ), which outlines a comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers.  ASU 2014-09 states that  an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.   While ASU 2014-09 specifically references contracts with customers, it may apply to certain other transactions such as the sale of real estate or equipment.  In 2015, the FASB provided for a one-year deferral of the effective date for ASU 2014-09, which is now effective  
  
   53 

for us beginning January 1, 2018. We are continuing to evaluate ASU 2014-09 (and related clarifying guidance issued by the FASB); however, we do not expect its adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements, as a substantial portion of our revenue consists of rental income from leasing arrangements, which are specifically excluded from ASU 2014-09. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties, senior living operations and office operations. In our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in and own seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the United States and the United Kingdom and lease those properties to healthcare operating companies under  triple-net  or  absolute-net  leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. In our senior living operations segment, we invest in seniors housing communities throughout the United States and Canada and engage independent operators, such as Atria and Sunrise, to manage those communities. In our office operations segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage MOBs and life science and innovation centers throughout the United States. Information provided for  all other  includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to our three reportable business segments. Assets included in  all other  consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments, and miscellaneous accounts receivable. 
  The historical results of operations of the CCP properties are presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying results of operations. Throughout this discussion,  continuing operations  does not include properties disposed of as part of the CCP Spin-Off. 

54 

Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  The table below shows our results of operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.    

nm - not meaningful 
  Segment NOI Triple-Net Leased Properties 
  NOI for our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment equals the rental income and other services revenue earned from our triple-net assets. We incur no direct operating expenses for this segment. 
  The following table summarizes results of operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:   

55 

Triple-net leased properties segment NOI   increased   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   over the prior year primarily due to rent from the properties we acquired in connection with our August 2015 acquisition of Ardent Health Services, Inc., contractual escalations in rent pursuant to the terms of our leases, and increases in base and other rent under certain of our leases, partially offset by properties sold after July 1, 2015. 
  In our triple-net leased properties segment, our revenues generally consist of fixed rental amounts (subject to annual contractual escalations) received from our tenants in accordance with the applicable lease terms and do not vary based on the underlying operating performance of the properties. Therefore, while occupancy rates may affect the profitability of our tenants  operations, they do not directly impact our revenues or financial results. The following table sets forth average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at   September 30, 2016   for the second quarter of   2016   (which is the most recent information available to us from our tenants) and average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at   September 30, 2015   for the second quarter of 2015.   

(1) 
    Excludes properties included in discontinued operations during 2015, properties sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , non-stabilized properties, properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities and certain properties for which we do not receive occupancy information.  Also excludes properties acquired during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and properties that transitioned operators for which we do not have five full quarters of results subsequent to the transition. 
     The following table compares results of operations for our   537   same-store triple-net leased properties, unadjusted for foreign currency movements between comparison periods. With regard to our triple-net leased properties segment,  same-store  refers to properties that we owned for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.   

  Segment NOI Senior Living Operations 
  The following table summarizes results of operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:   

56 

Revenues attributed to our senior living operations segment consist of resident fees and services, which include all amounts earned from residents at our seniors housing communities, such as rental fees related to resident leases, extended health care fees and other ancillary service income. Our senior living operations segment revenues   increased   in the   third quarter   of   2016   over the   third quarter   of   2015   primarily due to an increase in average monthly revenue per occupied room ( REVPOR ) during the second quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, partially offset by decreased occupancy at our seniors housing communities. 
  Property-level operating expenses related to our senior living operations segment include labor, food, utilities, marketing, management and other costs of operating the properties. Property-level operating expenses also   increased   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   over the same period in   2015   primarily due to an increase in salary and benefits. 
  The following table compares results of operations for our   293   same-store senior living operating communities, unadjusted for foreign currency movements between comparison periods. With regard to our senior living operations segment,  same-store  refers to properties that we owned and were operational for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding properties that transitioned operators since the start of the prior comparison period, assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.     

57 

Segment NOI Office Operations 
  The following table summarizes results of operations in our office operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:   

The increase in our office operations segment rental income in the   third quarter   of   2016   over the same period in   2015   is attributed primarily to the MOBs we acquired after July 1, 2015, the acquisition of the Wexford life science and innovation centers which occurred during the   third quarter   of   2016  , and in place lease escalations, partially offset by decreased occupancy rates.  The increase in our office building property-level operating expenses in the   third quarter   of   2016   over the same period in   2015   is attributed primarily to the MOBs and life science and innovation centers we acquired after April 1, 2015 and increases in repairs and maintenance and other operating expenses. 
  Office building services revenue, net of applicable costs, decreased year over year primarily due to decreased construction activity during the   third quarter   of   2016   over the same period in   2015  . 
  The following table compares results of operations for our   353   same-store office buildings.  With regard to our office operations segment,  same-store  refers to properties that we owned for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.    

58 

All Other 
  The   $13.0 million   increase in all other for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   over the same period in   2015   is primarily due to $8.6 million of gains recognized on the third quarter 2016 repayments of two secured loans receivable and a February 2016   $140.0 million   secured mezzanine loan investment that has an annual interest rate of   9.95%  . 
  Interest Expense 
  The   $4.2 million     decrease   in total interest expense, including interest allocated to discontinued operations of   $0   and   $12.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, is attributed primarily to a $6.0 million reduction in interest expense due to lower debt balances, partially offset by a $1.8 million increase due to higher effective interest rates, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. Our effective interest rate was   3.7%   and   3.6%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Depreciation and Amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization expense related to continuing operations   decreased   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to the final amortization during the third quarter of 2016 of certain lease intangibles relating to our 2015 HCT acquisition and higher impairment charges in the third quarter of 2015. 
  Loss on Extinguishment of Debt, Net 
  Loss on extinguishment of debt, net for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was due primarily to our July 2016 repayment of the remaining   $94.5 million   aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our   1.55%   senior notes due September 2016.  Loss on extinguishment of debt, net for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   was due to various debt repayments, which were paid for with proceeds from the CCP Spin-Off.  
  Merger-Related Expenses and Deal Costs 
  Merger-related expenses and deal costs related to continuing operations for both periods consist of transition, integration, deal and severance-related expenses primarily related to pending and consummated transactions required by GAAP to be expensed rather than capitalized into the asset value. The   $45.9 million     decrease   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   over the prior year is primarily due to the expenses incurred in the third quarter of 2015 related to our August 2015 acquisition of Ardent Health Services, Inc., partially offset by costs incurred relating to the September 2016 Wexford acquisition. 
  Income Tax Benefit 
  Income tax benefit related to continuing operations for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was due primarily to operating losses at our taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRS entities ) and the release of a tax reserve at the REIT.  Income tax benefit related to continuing operations for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   was due primarily to operating losses at our TRS entities.  
  Discontinued Operations 
  Discontinued operations for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   primarily reflect separation costs relating to the CCP Spin-Off.  Substantially all of the amounts reported as discontinued operations for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   reflect the historical revenues of the CCP properties prior to the CCP Spin-Off, net of depreciation, allocated interest expense and merger-related expenses and deal costs.   
  
   59 

Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  The table below shows our results of operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.    

nm - not meaningful 
  Segment NOI Triple-Net Leased Properties 
  The following table summarizes results of operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:   

  Triple-net leased properties segment NOI   increased   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the prior year primarily due to rent from the properties we acquired in connection with our August 2015 acquisition of Ardent Health  
  
   60 

Services, Inc. and other 2015 acquisitions, contractual escalations in rent pursuant to the terms of our leases, and increases in base and other rent under certain of our leases, partially offset by lease termination fees received during the first quarter of 2015 and by properties sold after January 1, 2015. 
  The following table compares results of operations for our   512   same-store triple-net leased properties, unadjusted for foreign currency movements between comparison periods. With regard to our triple-net leased properties segment,  same-store  refers to properties that we owned for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.   

  Segment NOI Senior Living Operations 
  The following table summarizes results of operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:   

Our senior living operations segment revenues   increased   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the prior year primarily due to the seniors housing communities we acquired after January 1, 2015, including the 2015 HCT acquisition, and an increase in average monthly REVPOR during the first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by decreased occupancy at our seniors housing communities. 
  Property-level operating expenses also   increased   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the prior year primarily due to the HCT acquisition and an increase in salary, bonus and real estate tax expenses. 
  
   61 

The following table compares results of operations for our   262   same-store senior living operating communities, unadjusted for foreign currency movements between comparison periods. With regard to our senior living operations segment,  same-store  refers to properties that we owned and were operational for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding properties that transitioned operators since the start of the prior comparison period, assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.     

Segment NOI Office Operations 
  The following table summarizes results of operations in our office operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:   

The increase in our office operations segment rental income during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the prior year is attributed primarily to the office buildings we acquired after January 1, 2015, including the 2015 HCT acquisition and the Wexford Acquisition, which occurred during the   third quarter   of   2016  , as well as in place lease escalations, partially offset by decreased occupancy rates.  The increase in our office building property-level operating expenses during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the prior year is attributed primarily to the office buildings we acquired after January 1, 2015 and increases in repairs and maintenance and other operating expenses. 
  Office building services revenue, net of applicable costs, decreased year over year primarily due to decreased construction activity during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the prior year. 
  
   62 

The following table compares results of operations for our   277   same-store office buildings.  With regard to our office operations segment,  same-store  refers to properties that we owned for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding assets sold or classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.    

All Other 
  The   $13.1 million   increase in all other for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the same period in   2015   is primarily due to   $8.7 million   of gains recognized on the 2016 repayments of   three   secured loans receivable and a February 2016   $140.0 million   secured mezzanine loan investment that has an annual interest rate of   9.95%  . 
  Interest Expense 
  The   $11.8 million     decrease   in total interest expense, including interest allocated to discontinued operations of   $0   and   $60.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, is attributed primarily to an $11.5 million reduction in interest expense due to lower debt balances, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. Our effective interest rate was approximately   3.6%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  Depreciation and Amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization expense related to continuing operations   increased   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to the real estate acquisitions we made in 2015, including the January 2015 HCT acquisition and the August 2015 acquisition of Ardent Health Services, Inc., partially offset by the final amortization during the third quarter of 2016 of certain lease intangibles relating to our 2015 HCT acquisition. 
  Loss on Extinguishment of Debt, Net 
  Loss on extinguishment of debt, net for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was due primarily to our 2016 redemption and repayment of the   $550.0 million   aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our   1.55%   senior notes due 2016 and term loan repayments.  Loss on extinguishment of debt, net for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was due to various debt repayments.   
  Merger-Related Expenses and Deal Costs 
  The   $80.0 million     decrease   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the prior year is primarily due to the expenses incurred during the first nine months of 2015 related to the January 2015 HCT acquisition and the August 2015 acquisition of Ardent Health Services, Inc., partially offset by costs incurred relating to the September 2016 Wexford acquisition.  
  Income Tax Benefit 
  Income tax benefit related to continuing operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was due primarily to operating losses at our taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRS entities ), the reversal of a deferred tax liability at one TRS entity and  
  
   63 

the release of a tax reserve at the REIT.  Income tax benefit related to continuing operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was due primarily to operating losses at our TRS entities. 
  Discontinued Operations 
  Discontinued operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily reflect separation costs relating to the CCP Spin-Off.  Substantially all of the amounts reported as discontinued operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   reflect the historical revenues of the CCP properties prior to the CCP Spin-Off, net of depreciation, allocated interest expense and merger-related expenses and deal costs.  
  Gain on Real Estate Dispositions 
  Gain on real estate dispositions for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   primarily relates to the sale of five properties through September 30, 2016 and 55 properties through September 30, 2015, respectively, excluding those properties classified as discontinued operations. 
   
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  We believe that net income and income from continuing operations, as defined by GAAP, are the most appropriate earnings measurements.  However, we consider certain non-GAAP financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. A non-GAAP financial measure is a measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are not so excluded from or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Described below are the non-GAAP financial measures used by management to evaluate our operating performance and that we consider most useful to investors, together with reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
  The non-GAAP financial measures we present in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not be comparable to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. You should not consider these measures as alternatives to net income or income from continuing operations (both determined in accordance with GAAP) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP) as measures of our liquidity, nor are these measures necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of our needs. In order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, you should examine these measures in conjunction with net income and income from continuing operations as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Funds From Operations and Normalized Funds From Operations 
  Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. For that reason, we consider Funds From Operations ( FFO ) and normalized FFO to be appropriate supplemental measures of operating performance of an equity REIT. In particular, we believe that normalized FFO is useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by unanticipated items and other events such as transactions and litigation. In some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of FFO and normalized FFO because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items on our financial results.  
  We use the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT ) definition of FFO. NAREIT defines FFO as net income attributable to common stockholders (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate property, including gain or loss on re-measurement of equity method investments, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. We define normalized FFO as FFO excluding the following income and expense items (which may be recurring in nature): (a) merger-related costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles, transition and integration expenses, and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to acquisition lawsuits; (b) the impact of any expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (c) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses and derivative transactions that have non-cash mark-to-market impacts on our Consolidated Statements of Income; (d) the financial impact of contingent consideration, severance-related costs and charitable donations made to the Ventas Charitable Foundation; (e) gains and losses for non- 
  
   64 

operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments; (f) gains and losses on non-real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities; and (g) expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements and related matters.  We believe that income from continuing operations is the most comparable GAAP measure because it provides insight into our continuing operations. 
  Our FFO and normalized FFO for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are summarized in the following table.  The   decrease   in normalized FFO for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the same period in   2015   is due primarily to results in 2015 from the properties that were disposed of as part of the CCP Spin-Off, partially offset by 2015 and 2016 acquisitions, net of related capital costs.    

65 

Adjusted EBITDA 
  We consider Adjusted EBITDA an important supplemental measure because it provides another manner in which to evaluate our operating performance and serves as another indicator of our credit strength and our ability to service our debt obligations. We define Adjusted EBITDA as consolidated earnings, which includes amounts in discontinued operations, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (including non-cash stock-based compensation expense), excluding gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, our consolidated joint venture partners  share of EBITDA, merger-related expenses and deal costs, expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements, net gains or losses on real estate activity, gains or losses on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, changes in the fair value of financial instruments and unrealized foreign currency gains or losses, and including our share of EBITDA from unconsolidated entities and adjustments for other immaterial or identified items.  The following table sets forth a reconciliation of income from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDA for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

66 

NOI 
  We also consider NOI an important supplemental measure because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results with those of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. We define NOI as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and office building services costs. Cash receipts may differ due to straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other GAAP policies.  The following table sets forth a reconciliation of income from continuing operations to NOI for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a total of   $89.3 million   of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, operating cash and cash related to our senior living operations and office operations reportable business segments that is deposited and held in property-level accounts. Funds maintained in the property-level accounts are used primarily for the payment of property-level expenses, debt service payments and certain capital expenditures. As of   September 30, 2016  , we also had escrow deposits and restricted cash of   $89.5 million   and   $1.8 billion   of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility.  
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our principal sources of liquidity were cash flows from operations, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities, proceeds from asset sales and cash on hand. 
  For the next 12 months, our principal liquidity needs are to: (i) fund operating expenses; (ii) meet our debt service requirements; (iii) repay maturing mortgage and other debt; (iv) fund capital expenditures; (v) fund acquisitions, investments and commitments, and development and redevelopment activities; and (vi) make distributions to our stockholders and unitholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a REIT. We expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture  
  
   67 

arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. However, an inability to access liquidity through multiple capital sources concurrently could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 
  Unsecured Credit Facility and Unsecured Term Loans 
  Our unsecured credit facility is comprised of a   $2.0 billion   revolving credit facility priced at LIBOR plus 1.0% as of   September 30, 2016  , and a   $200.0 million   fully funded term loan and an   $800.0 million   term loan (with   $373.4 million   outstanding), each priced at LIBOR plus   1.05%   as of   September 30, 2016  .  The revolving credit facility matures in January 2018, but may be extended, at our option subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, for an additional period of one year.  The   $200.0 million   and   $800.0 million   term loans mature in January 2018 and January 2019, respectively.  The unsecured credit facility also includes an accordion feature that permits us to increase our aggregate borrowing capacity thereunder to up to   $3.5 billion  . 
  In May 2016, we repaid   $100.0 million   outstanding on our unsecured term loan due 2019 using cash on hand and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of   $0.4 million  .   
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $232.4 million   of borrowings outstanding,   $14.1 million   of letters of credit outstanding and   $1.8 billion   of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility.  
  Senior Notes 
  In May 2016, we issued and sold   $400.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   3.125%   senior notes due 2023 at a public offering price equal to 99.343% of par, for total proceeds of   $397.4 million   before the underwriting discount and expenses.   
  In June 2016, we redeemed   $455.5 million   aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our   1.55%   senior notes due September 2016 at a public offering price of   100.335%   of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of   $2.1 million  .  The redemption was funded using proceeds from our May 2016 senior note issuance, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  In July 2016, we repaid the remaining balance then outstanding of our   1.55%   senior notes due September 2016 of   $94.5 million   and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of   $0.3 million  . 
  In September 2016, we issued and sold   $450.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   3.25%   senior notes due 2026 at a public offering price equal to   99.811%   of par, for total proceeds of   $449.1 million   before the underwriting discount and expenses.  In July 2016, we entered into   $225 million   notional forward starting swaps that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates between July and the September issuance of   3.25%   senior notes due 2026.  On the issuance date, we realized a gain of   $1.9 million   from these swaps which will be recognized over the life of the notes using an effective interest method. 
     
  Mortgages 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repaid in full mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of   $254.7 million   with a weighted average maturity of   2.1   years and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of   $0.4 million   in connection with these repayments. 
  Capital Stock 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we issued and sold   18,566,822   shares of common stock under our  at-the-market  ( ATM ) equity offering program and public offerings.  Aggregate net proceeds were   $1.3 billion  , after sales agent commissions.  We used the proceeds to fund a portion of the Wexford Acquisition, for working capital and other general corporate purposes.   
  Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , we issued and sold   297,019   shares of common stock under our ATM equity offering program for aggregate net proceeds of   $21.2 million  , after sales agent commissions of   $0.3 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $252.1 million   of our common stock remained available for sale under our ATM equity offering program.  
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , third party investors redeemed   65,581   OP Units and   311,208   Class C Units for   370,558   shares of Ventas common stock, valued at   $23.0 million  . 
  
   68 

Cash Flows 
  The following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash flows for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
  Cash flows from operating activities   decreased     2.0%   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the same period in   2015  .  The   $20.8 million   decrease included   $185.3 million   related to results in 2015 from the properties that were disposed of as part of the CCP Spin-Off and   $37.0 million   related to payments received from tenants during the first quarter of 2015, partially offset by   $66.0 million   of cash inflows related to the August 2015 acquisition of Ardent Health Services, Inc. and   $7.0 million   of cash inflows related to the September 2016 Wexford Acquisition.  Cash flows from operating activities, excluding these items,   increased     16.1%   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the same period in   2015  . 
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
  Cash used in investing activities decreased   $759.8 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the same period in   2015   primarily due to decreased cash paid for investments in real estate (  $1.1 billion  ) and increased proceeds from loans receivable (  $87.2 million  ), partially offset by an increase in investments in loans receivable and other (  $80.6 million  ) and decreases in proceeds from real estate disposals (  $346.1 million  ) and proceeds from the sale or maturity of marketable securities (  $76.8 million  ). 
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
  Cash provided by financing activities was   $530.2 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.2 billion   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  This difference is primarily due to decreased proceeds from the issuance of debt, net of repayments, used to finance acquisitions during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   over the same period in   2015  , partially offset by an increase in common stock issuances during 2016. 
  Capital Expenditures 
  The terms of our triple-net leases generally obligate our tenants to pay all capital expenditures necessary to maintain and improve our triple-net leased properties. However, from time to time we may fund the capital expenditures for our triple-net leased properties through loans to the tenants or advances, which may increase the amount of rent payable with respect to the properties in certain cases.  We expect to fund any capital expenditures for which we may become responsible upon expiration of our triple-net leases or in the event that our tenants are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations under those leases with cash flows from operations or through additional borrowings. 
  We also expect to fund capital expenditures related to our senior living operations and office operations reportable business segments with the cash flows from the properties or through additional borrowings. To the extent that unanticipated capital expenditure needs arise or significant borrowings are required, our liquidity may be affected adversely. Our ability to borrow additional funds may be restricted in certain circumstances by the terms of the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness. 
  We are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop seniors housing or healthcare properties funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   five   properties under development pursuant to these agreements, including   two   properties that are owned by an unconsolidated real estate entity.  Through   September 30, 2016  , we have funded   $44.8 million   of our share of estimated total equity commitment toward these projects.  In addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing seniors  
  
   69 

housing communities to maximize the value, increase NOI, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property. 
   
  ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  The following discussion of our exposure to various market risks contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These projected results have been prepared utilizing certain assumptions considered reasonable in light of information currently available to us. Nevertheless, because of the inherent unpredictability of interest rates and other factors, actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking information. 
  We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates with respect to borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loans, certain of our mortgage loans that are floating rate obligations, mortgage loans receivable that bear interest at floating rates and marketable debt securities. These market risks result primarily from changes in LIBOR rates or prime rates. To manage these risks, we continuously monitor our level of floating rate debt with respect to total debt and other factors, including our assessment of current and future economic conditions. 
  The fair value of our fixed and variable rate debt is based on current interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings.  For fixed rate debt, interest rate fluctuations generally affect the fair value, but not our earnings or cash flows. Therefore, interest rate risk does not have a significant impact on our fixed rate debt obligations until their maturity or earlier prepayment and refinancing. If interest rates have risen at the time we seek to refinance our fixed rate debt, whether at maturity or otherwise, our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional borrowing costs. Conversely, lower interest rates at the time of refinancing may reduce our overall borrowing costs. 
  To highlight the sensitivity of our fixed rate debt to changes in interest rates, the following summary shows the effects of a hypothetical instantaneous change of 100 basis points in interest rates as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :   

(1) 
    The change in fair value of our fixed rate debt from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   was due primarily to changes in the fair market value interest rates related to our senior notes. 
     
   70 

The table below sets forth certain information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums and discounts.   

The variable rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of   $150.3 million   notional amount of interest rate swaps with a maturity of March 22, 2018 that effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt.  In addition, the fixed rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of   $247.2 million   notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from October 1, 2016 to August 3, 2020, which effectively converts variable rate debt to fixed rate debt.  The   decrease   in our outstanding variable rate debt at   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily attributable to the   $200 million   notional amount interest rate swap that we entered into during the first quarter of 2016 that effectively converts LIBOR-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt and 2016 term loan and mortgage repayments, partially offset by borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility.  Pursuant to the terms of certain leases with one of our tenants, if interest rates increase on certain variable rate debt that we have totaling   $80.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , our tenant is required to pay us additional rent (on a dollar-for-dollar basis) in an amount equal to the increase in interest expense resulting from the increased interest rates. Therefore, the increase in interest expense related to this debt is equally offset by an increase in additional rent due to us from the tenant. Assuming a 100 basis point increase in the weighted average interest rate related to  
  
   71 

our variable rate debt and assuming no change in our variable rate debt outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , interest expense for   2016   would increase by approximately   $17.2 million  , or   $0.05   per diluted common share.  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our joint venture partners  aggregate share of total debt was   $80.9 million   and   $94.5 million  , respectively, pertaining to certain properties we owned through consolidated joint ventures. Total debt does not include our portion of debt related to investments in unconsolidated entities, which was   $116.1 million   and   $115.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of our secured and non-mortgage loans receivable, based on our estimates of currently prevailing rates for comparable loans, was   $830.1 million   and   $855.7 million  , respectively. 
  As a result of our Canadian and United Kingdom operations, we are subject to fluctuations in certain foreign currency exchange rates that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and operating performance. Based solely on our results for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   (including the impact of existing hedging arrangements), if the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the British pound and Canadian dollar were to increase or decrease by one standard deviation compared to the average exchange rate during the year, our normalized FFO per share for the first nine months of 2016 would decrease or increase, as applicable, by less than $0.01 per share or 1%. We will continue to mitigate these risks through a layered approach to hedging by looking out for the next year and continually assessing our foreign operational capital structure. Nevertheless, we cannot assure you that any such fluctuations will not have an effect on our earnings. 

ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of   September 30, 2016  , at the reasonable assurance level. 
  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  During the   third quarter   of   2016  , there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   72 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  The information contained in   NOTE 12. ''LITIGATION''   of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. Except as set forth therein, there have been no new material legal proceedings and no material developments in the legal proceedings reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  We do not have a publicly announced repurchase plan or program in effect.  The table below summarizes other repurchases of our common stock made during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    Repurchases represent shares withheld to pay taxes on the vesting of restricted stock granted to employees under our 2006 Incentive Plan or 2012 Incentive Plan or restricted stock units granted to employees under the Nationwide Health Properties, Inc. ( NHP ) 2005 Performance Incentive Plan and assumed by us in connection with our acquisition of NHP. The value of the shares withheld is the closing price of our common stock on the date the vesting or exercise occurred (or, if not a trading day, the immediately preceding trading day) or the fair market value of our common stock at the time of exercise, as the case may be. 
     
   73 

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description of Document 
    Location of Document 
      12.1 
      
    Statement Regarding Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
    Filed herewith. 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    Filed herewith. 
      31.2 
      
    Certification of Robert F. Probst, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    Filed herewith. 
      32.1 
      
    Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C.   1350. 
    Filed herewith. 
      32.2 
      
    Certification of Robert F. Probst, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C.   1350. 
    Filed herewith. 
      101 
      
    Interactive Data File. 
    Filed herewith. 

74 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
  Date:   October 28, 2016    

VENTAS, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ DEBRA A. CAFARO 

Debra A. Cafaro  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
    /s/ ROBERT F. PROBST 

Robert F. Probst Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

75 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description of Document 
    Location of Document 
      12.1 
      
    Statement Regarding Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
    Filed herewith. 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    Filed herewith. 
      31.2 
      
    Certification of Robert F. Probst, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    Filed herewith. 
      32.1 
      
    Certification of Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C.   1350. 
    Filed herewith. 
      32.2 
      
    Certification of Robert F. Probst, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C.   1350. 
    Filed herewith. 
      101 
      
    Interactive Data File. 
    Filed herewith. 

76 

<EX-12.1>
 2
 vtr-ex121_2016930.htm
 STATEMENT REGARDING COMPUTATION OF RATIOS OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12.1 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 vtr-ex311_2016930.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  I, Debra A. Cafaro, certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ventas, Inc.; 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report, any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
     5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   October 28, 2016    
               /s/ DEBRA A. CAFARO 
      Debra A. Cafaro 
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 vtr-ex312_2016930.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  I, Robert F. Probst, certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ventas, Inc.; 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report, any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
     5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   October 28, 2016    
    
               /s/ ROBERT F. PROBST 
      Robert F. Probst 
     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 vtr-ex321_2016930.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ventas, Inc. (the "Company") for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Debra A. Cafaro, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
  (1)   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2)   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Date:   October 28, 2016    
               /s/ DEBRA A. CAFARO 
      Debra A. Cafaro 
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 vtr-ex322_2016930.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ventas, Inc. (the "Company") for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Robert F. Probst, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
  (1)   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2)   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
  Date:   October 28, 2016    
               /s/ ROBERT F. PROBST 
      Robert F. Probst 
     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 vtr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 vtr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 vtr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 vtr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 vtr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 vtr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

