<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1019695_0001571049-16-019556_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2350565</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96769</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>164132</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>374969</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1056441</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>614013</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019556.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107102234
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019556
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARQULE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001019695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				043221586
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21429
		FILM NUMBER:		161976884

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WALL STREET
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-994-0300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WALL STREET
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019556.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 t1600698_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

Quarterly report pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d)  
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016  

Commission File No. 000-21429  

ArQule, Inc.  

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter) 

One Wall Street, Burlington, Massachusetts
01803  

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(781) 994-0300  

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, including
Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes  x     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405) of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x     No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer     
       
     Accelerated filer  x   

Non-accelerated filer     
       
     Smaller reporting company      
 
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
Yes        No  x  

Number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
Common Stock as of October 24, 2016: 

ARQULE, INC.  

QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  

Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
       
     3  

Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
     4  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
       
     5  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  
       
     6  

Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
     14  

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
       
     22  

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures   
       
     23  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings   
       
     23  

Item 1A.   Risk Factors   
       
     23  

Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use Of Proceeds   
       
     23  

Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
     23  

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
     23  

Item 5.   Other Information   
       
     23  

Item 6.   Exhibits   
       
     23  

SIGNATURES   
       
     24  

2   

ARQULE, INC.  

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these interim unaudited financial statements. 

3   

ARQULE, INC.  

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these interim unaudited financial statements. 

4   

ARQULE, INC.  

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these interim unaudited financial statements. 

5   

ARQULE, INC.  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE
DATA)  

1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

We are a biopharmaceutical company engaged
in the research and development of innovative therapeutics to treat cancers and rare diseases. Our mission is to discover, develop
and commercialize novel small molecule drugs in areas of high unmet need that will dramatically extend and improve the lives of
our patients. These drugs target biological pathways implicated in a wide range of cancers and certain non-oncology indications.
Our discovery and development efforts are guided, when possible, by an understanding of the role of biomarkers, which are indicators
of a particular biological condition or process and may predict the clinical benefit of our compounds in defined patient populations.
Our clinical-stage pipeline consists of five drug candidates, all of which are in targeted patient populations, making ArQule a
leader among companies our size in precision medicine. 

Our lead product candidate is tivantinib
(ARQ 197), an orally administered, small molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase ( MET ) and its biological
pathway. MET is a promising target for cancer therapy, based on its multiple roles in cancerous cell proliferation, tumor spread,
new blood vessel formation and resistance to certain drug therapies. We and our partners, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd. ( Daiichi
Sankyo ) and Kyowa Hakko Kirin Co., Ltd. ( Kyowa Hakko Kirin ), are implementing a worldwide clinical development
program with tivantinib. Our strategy is to focus on the most promising indications within our clinical programs based upon continually
generated and updated clinical and pre-clinical data. Our lead indication is liver cancer ( hepatocellular carcinoma 
or  HCC ), and we are currently conducting two Phase 3 trials with our partners. We have also completed earlier-stage
single agent and combination therapy trials and pre-clinical experiments with tivantinib and other anti-cancer agents that may
provide data to support trials in additional indications. 

On March 22, 2016, we and Daiichi Sankyo
announced that the independent data monitoring committee ( DMC ) of the METIV-HCC study conducted the planned interim
assessment, and it was determined the trial will continue to its final analysis. Accordingly, we reviewed the estimated development
period and extended it to December 2016 for both the METIV-HCC trial and the JET-HCC trial. 

We have licensed commercial rights to tivantinib
for human cancer indications to Daiichi Sankyo in the U.S., Europe, South America and the rest of the world, excluding Japan and
certain other Asian countries, where we have licensed commercial rights to Kyowa Hakko Kirin. Our agreements with these partners
provide for possible future milestone payments, royalties on product sales, and development funding, in addition to significant
payments that we have already received. To date we have received $100 million in upfront and milestone payments from Daiichi Sankyo,
$15 million of which was related to the first patient enrolled in the METIV-HCC trial. That milestone was netted against our cumulative
share of Phase 3 collaboration costs in 2013, and consequently we did not receive any cash proceeds from this milestone. To date,
we have received $48 million in upfront and milestone payments from Kyowa Hakko Kirin. 

Our proprietary pipeline of product candidates
is directed toward molecular targets and biological processes with demonstrated roles in the development of both human cancers
and rare, non-oncology diseases. Our clinical-stage candidates include: ARQ 087, a multi-kinase inhibitor designed to preferentially
inhibit the fibroblast growth factor receptor ( FGFR ) family; ARQ 092, a selective inhibitor of the AKT serine/threonine
kinase; ARQ 751, a next generation AKT inhibitor; and ARQ 761, a Beta lapachone analog being evaluated in investigator-sponsored
testing as a promoter of NQO1-mediated programmed cancer cell necrosis. Specific tumor types and biomarkers have been identified
to guide our clinical testing, based on analyses of Phase 1a anti-cancer activity in humans, preclinical findings and scientific
literature. In addition, we have advanced ARQ 531, an investigational, orally bioavailable, potent and reversible inhibitor of
both wild type and C481S-mutant BTK, into toxicology testing and plan to file an Investigational New Drug Application in early
2017. 

Our uses of cash for operating activities
have primarily consisted of salaries and wages for our employees, facility and facility-related costs for our offices and laboratories,
fees paid in connection with preclinical and clinical studies, laboratory supplies and materials, and professional fees. The sources
of our cash flow from operating activities have consisted primarily of payments received from our collaborators for services performed
or upfront payments for future services. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our net use of cash was primarily
driven by payments for operating expenses which resulted in net cash outflows of $16.4 million and $17.2 million, respectively. 

6   

Our cash requirements may vary materially
from those now planned depending upon the results of our drug discovery and development strategies, our ability to enter into additional
corporate collaborations and the terms of such collaborations, results of research and development, unanticipated required capital
expenditures, competitive and technological advances, acquisitions and other factors. We cannot guarantee that we will be able
to develop any of our drug candidates into a commercial product. It is likely we will need to raise additional capital or incur
indebtedness to continue to fund our operations in the future. Our ability to raise additional funds will depend on financial,
economic and market conditions, and due to global capital and credit market conditions or for other reasons, we may be unable to
raise capital when needed, or on terms favorable to us. If necessary funds are not available, we may have to delay, reduce the
scope of, or eliminate some of our development programs, potentially delaying the time to market for any of our product candidates. 

We have prepared the accompanying condensed
financial statements pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).
Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to these rules and regulations. These condensed financial statements
should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and footnotes related thereto for the year ended December 31,
2015 included in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016. 

In the opinion of the Company, the accompanying
unaudited condensed financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for
a fair statement of its financial position as of September 30, 2016, its results of operations for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, and its cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.
The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be achieved for the full year.
The condensed balance sheet at December 31, 2015 was derived from audited annual financial statements, but does not contain all
of the footnote disclosures from the annual financial statements. 

2. COLLABORATIONS AND ALLIANCES  

Daiichi Sankyo Tivantinib Agreement  

On December 18, 2008, we entered into
a license, co-development and co-commercialization agreement with Daiichi Sankyo to conduct research, clinical trials and the commercialization
of tivantinib in human cancer indications in the U.S., Europe, South America and the rest of the world, excluding Japan, China
(including Hong Kong), South Korea and Taiwan, where Kyowa Hakko Kirin has exclusive rights for development and commercialization. 

The agreement provides for a $60 million
cash upfront licensing payment from Daiichi Sankyo to us, which we received in December 2008, and an additional $560 million
in potential development and sales milestone payments offset by our share of Phase 3 costs. On November 3, 2015, the Company
announced that it had exercised its option with Daiichi Sankyo to co-commercialize tivantinib in the United States (the  Co-Commercialization
Option ), pursuant to the agreement. Subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals, the first commercial indication for
tivantinib under the Co-Commercialization Option is anticipated to be second line HCC. The parties have a prescribed period to
conclude a co-commercialization agreement in accordance with the terms of the agreement which is expected to occur in 2016. If
the METIV-HCC trial is successful, and tivantinib is approved in second line HCC, the agreement provides that the Company will
receive a total of $55 million in milestone payments for the official acceptance of drug approval applications by FDA and the European
Medicines Agency ( EMA ) in this first indication, plus an additional $100 million in combined milestones tied to receipt
of commercialization regulatory approval by the FDA and the first commercial sale in the UK, Germany, France, Italy or Spain. These
milestones, totaling $155 million, will be partially offset by Phase 3 costs owed to Daiichi Sankyo by the Company at the time
of approval in the US or EU. At September 30, 2016, the Company s share of these Phase 3 costs totaled $65.9 million. The
agreement also provides that the Company will receive tiered double digit royalties on net sales of tivantinib throughout the territory.
Given the anticipated commercial market for second line HCC, the Company expects to earn royalties on net sales for this indication
at the baseline contractual rate of 20 percent. 

We and Daiichi Sankyo will share equally
the costs of Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical studies, with our share of Phase 3 costs payable solely from milestone and royalty payments
by Daiichi Sankyo. Under the terms of our tivantinib collaboration agreement with Daiichi Sankyo we share development costs equally
with our share of Phase 3 costs funded solely from milestones and royalties. In each quarter the tivantinib collaboration costs
we incur are compared with those of Daiichi Sankyo. If our costs for the quarter exceed Daiichi Sankyo s, we recognize revenue
on the amounts due to us under the contingency adjusted performance model. Revenue is calculated on a pro-rata basis using the
time elapsed from inception of the agreement over the estimated duration of the development period under the agreement. If our
costs for the quarter are less than those of Daiichi Sankyo s, we report the amount due to Daiichi Sankyo as contra-revenue
in that quarter. To the extent that our share of Phase 3 collaboration costs exceeds the amount of milestones and royalties received,
that excess is netted against future milestones and royalties if and when earned and is not reported as contra-revenue. 

7   

Our cumulative share of the Daiichi Sankyo
Phase 3 costs through September 30, 2016 totaled $105.9 million. We received a milestone of $25 million in February 2011
upon enrolling the first patient in the MARQUEE trial, the cash proceeds of which were subsequently applied to our share of Phase
3 collaboration costs. On January 31, 2013, we announced that the first patient had been enrolled in the pivotal Phase 3 METIV
trial of tivantinib, entitling us to a $15 million milestone. That $15 million milestone was also netted against our cumulative
share of Phase 3 collaboration costs in 2013, and consequently we did not receive any cash proceeds from this milestone. Our cumulative
share of Phase 3 collaboration costs has exceeded the amount of milestones received through September 30, 2016 by $65.9 million
which will be netted against future milestones and royalties, if any, when earned and has not been reported as contra-revenue. 

For the quarter and nine months ended September
30, 2016, our non-Phase 3 tivantinib collaboration costs incurred exceeded those of Daiichi Sankyo s and $73 and $79, respectively,
were recognized as research and development revenue 

For the quarter ended September 30, 2015
our non-Phase 3 tivantinib collaboration costs incurred were less than those of Daiichi Sankyo and $130 was recognized as contra-revenue
and netted against our tivantinib Daiichi Sankyo research and development revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
our non-Phase 3 tivantinib collaboration costs incurred exceeded those of Daiichi Sankyo and $119 was recognized as tivantinib
Daiichi Sankyo net research and development revenue. 

The duration and termination of the agreement
are tied to future events. Unless earlier terminated due to breach, insolvency or upon 90 days  notice if prior to Phase
3 clinical trials or 180 days  notice if on or after the beginning of Phase 3 clinical trials by Daiichi Sankyo, the agreement
shall continue until the later of (i) such time as Daiichi Sankyo is no longer developing at least one licensed product
or (ii) if Daiichi Sankyo has commercialized a licensed product or products, such time as all royalty terms for all licensed products
have ended. The royalty term, on a country-by-country basis for a product, ends as of the later of (i) the expiration of the last
valid claim under a patent covering the manufacture, use, or sale of a licensed product or (ii) a certain number of years from
the date of the commercial sale of the licensed product in such country. 

Revenue for this agreement is recognized
using the contingency-adjusted performance model. Through September 30, 2012, revenue was recognized based upon an estimated
development period through December 2013. As a result of the October 2012 decision to discontinue the MARQUEE trial,
the development period as of October 1, 2012 was extended to June 2015. Commencing with the fourth quarter of 2012 and
through the third quarter of 2013 revenue was recognized over that development period. In the fourth quarter of 2013, following
a recommendation by the DMC that the METIV-HCC trial continue with patients receiving a lower dose of tivantinib than the dose
originally employed in the trial, we reviewed the estimated development period and extended it to June 2016. On March 22,
2016, we and Daiichi Sankyo announced that the DMC of the METIV-HCC study conducted the planned interim assessment, and it was
determined the trial will continue to its final analysis. Accordingly, we reviewed the estimated development period and extended
it to December 2016. 

For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
$0.8 million and $2.1 million, respectively, were recognized as net revenue. For the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2015, $1.2 million and $4.2 million, respectively, were recognized as net revenue. At September 30, 2016, $0.7 million remains
in deferred revenue. 

Kyowa Hakko Kirin Licensing Agreement  

On April 27, 2007, we entered into an
exclusive license agreement with Kyowa Hakko Kirin to develop and commercialize tivantinib in Japan and parts of Asia. A $3 million
portion of an upfront licensing fee was received by the Company under this agreement in the first quarter of 2007, and an additional
$27 million in upfront licensing fees was received on May 7, 2007. The agreement includes $123 million in upfront and potential
development milestone payments from Kyowa Hakko Kirin to ArQule, including the $30 million cash upfront licensing payments. In
February 2008, we received a $3 million milestone payment from Kyowa Hakko Kirin. Upon commercialization, ArQule will receive
tiered royalties in the mid-teen to low-twenty percent range from Kyowa Hakko Kirin on net sales of tivantinib. Kyowa Hakko Kirin
will be responsible for all clinical development costs and commercialization of the compound in certain Asian countries, consisting
of Japan, China (including Hong Kong), South Korea and Taiwan. In July 2010, we announced the initiation of a Phase 2 trial
with tivantinib by Kyowa Hakko Kirin in gastric cancer, for which we received a $5 million milestone payment in September 2010. 

In August 2011, Kyowa Hakko Kirin announced the initiation
of the Phase 3 ATTENTION trial. Dosing of the first patient in this trial triggered a $10 million milestone payment, which we received
in August 2011. The milestone payment was recorded as deferred revenue and is being recognized as revenue using the contingency-adjusted
performance model. On February 4, 2014, Kyowa Hakko Kirin announced the initiation of the Phase 3 JET-HCC trial. There were
no milestone payments associated with the initiation of this trial. 

In addition to the upfront and possible
regulatory milestone payments totaling $123 million, the Company will be eligible for future milestone payments based on the achievement
of certain levels of net sales. The Company will recognize the payments, if any, as revenue in accordance with the contingency-adjusted
performance model. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not recognized any revenue from these sales milestone payments, and
there can be no assurance that it will do so in the future. 

8   

The duration and termination of the agreement
are tied to future events. Unless earlier terminated due to breach, insolvency or upon 90 days  notice by Kyowa Hakko Kirin,
the agreement terminates on the date that the last royalty term expires in all countries in the territory. The royalty term ends
as of the later of (i) the expiration of the last pending patent application or expiration of the patent in the country
covering the manufacture, use, or sale of a licensed product or (ii) a certain number of years from the date of the commercial
launch in such country of such license product. 

Through December 2015, revenue for this
agreement was recognized using the contingency-adjusted performance model with an estimated development period through April 2016.
As noted for the Daiichi Sankyo tivantinib program, the estimated development period for the METIV-HCC study was reviewed and extended
to December 2016 in the first quarter of 2016. Similarly, the estimated development period for the Kyowa Hakko Kirin Phase 3 JET-HCC
trial was reviewed and also extended to December 2016. 

For the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, $0.5 million and $1.4 million respectively, were recognized as revenue. For the three months and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, $1.4 million and $4.3 million respectively, were recognized as revenue. At September 30, 2016, $0.5 million
remains in deferred revenue. 

Beryllium Discovery Corp. Agreement  

In May 2015, we entered into a collaborative
research and development agreement with Beryllium Discovery Corp. ( Beryllium ). Pursuant to the agreement, we agreed
to focus on the identification and preclinical development of inhibitors of PD-1 and PDL-1. 

As a result of a change in our research
and development priorities, including with respect to our emphasis on accelerating pre-clinical development of ARQ531, our BTK
inhibitor, we entered into an agreement with Beryllium pursuant to which we jointly terminated the collaborative research and development
agreement effective November 4, 2016. 

3. MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

We generally classify our marketable securities
as available-for-sale at the time of purchase and re-evaluate such designation as of each balance sheet date. Since we generally
intend to convert them into cash as necessary to meet our liquidity requirements our marketable securities are classified as cash
equivalents if the original maturity, from the date of purchase, is ninety days or less and as short-term investments if the original
maturity, from the date of purchase, is in excess of ninety days but less than one year. Our marketable securities are classified
as long-term investments if the maturity date is in excess of one year of the balance sheet date. 

We report available-for-sale investments
at fair value as of each balance sheet date and include any unrealized gains and, to the extent deemed temporary, unrealized losses
in stockholders  equity. Realized gains and losses are determined using the specific identification method and are included
in other income (expense) in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

We conduct quarterly reviews to determine
the fair value of our investment portfolio and to identify and evaluate each investment that has an unrealized loss, in accordance
with the meaning of other-than-temporary impairment and its application to certain investments. An unrealized loss exists when
the current fair value of an individual security is less than its amortized cost basis. In the event that the cost basis of a security
exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, the duration of the period that, and extent to which, the fair value
is less than cost basis, the financial health of and business outlook for the issuer, including industry and sector performance,
and operational and financing cash flow factors, overall market conditions and trends, our intent to sell the investment and if
it is more likely than not that we would be required to sell the investment before its anticipated recovery. Unrealized losses
on available-for-sale securities that are determined to be temporary, and not related to credit loss, are recorded in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss). 

For available-for-sale debt securities with
unrealized losses, we perform an analysis to assess whether we intend to sell or whether we would more likely than not be required
to sell the security before the expected recovery of the amortized cost basis. Where we intend to sell a security, or may be required
to do so, the security s decline in fair value is deemed to be other-than-temporary and the full amount of the unrealized
loss is reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss as an impairment loss. 

Regardless of our intent to sell a security,
we perform additional analysis on all securities with unrealized losses to evaluate losses associated with the creditworthiness
of the security. Credit losses are identified where we do not expect to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the amortized
cost basis of a security. 

9   

The following is a summary of the fair value
of available-for-sale marketable securities we held at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Our available-for-sale marketable securities
in a loss position at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 were in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12
months. 

The following tables present information
about our assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the periods presented and indicates the fair value hierarchy
of the valuation techniques we utilized to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize
quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize
data points that are observable such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. We value our level 2 investments using
quoted prices for identical assets in the markets where they are traded, although such trades may not occur daily. These quoted
prices are based on observable inputs, primarily interest rates. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data
points for the asset or liability, and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.
There were no transfers in or out of Level 1 or Level 2 measurements for the periods presented: 

10   

4. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES  

Accounts payable and accrued expenses include
the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

5. NET LOSS PER SHARE  

Net loss per share is computed using the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Basic and diluted net loss per share amounts are equivalent for the periods
presented as the inclusion of potential common shares in the number of shares used for the diluted computation would be anti-dilutive
to loss per share. Potential common shares, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, include 9,187,698 shares that
would be issued upon the exercise of outstanding employee stock options and 3,567,956 shares that would be issued upon exercise
of the stock options issued in our February 26, 2016 stock offering. Potential common shares, for the three months and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, include 8,342,725 shares that would be issued upon the exercise of outstanding employee stock options. 

6. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND STOCK PLANS  

Our stock-based compensation cost is measured
at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the employees  requisite
service period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). We estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes
valuation model. Key input assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options include the exercise price of the award,
expected option term, expected volatility of our stock over the option s expected term, risk-free interest rate over the
option s expected term, and the expected annual dividend yield. We believe that the valuation technique and approach utilized
to develop the underlying assumptions are appropriate in calculating the fair values of our stock options granted in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following table presents stock-based
compensation expense included in our Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss: 

In the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, no stock-based compensation expense was capitalized and there were no recognized tax benefits associated with
the stock-based compensation expense. 

Option activity under our stock plans for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

11   

The aggregate intrinsic value of options
outstanding at September 30, 2016 was $703 and $157 related to exercisable options. The weighted average grant date fair value
of options granted in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.10 and $0.77 per share, respectively. 

Shares vested, expected to vest and exercisable
at September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

The total compensation cost not yet recognized
as of September 30, 2016 related to non-vested option awards was $3.0 million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 2.4 years. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 2,218 shares were forfeited. The weighted average remaining
contractual life for options exercisable at September 30, 2016 was 4.0 years. 

In 2013, we granted 242,697 shares of restricted
stock to employees, vesting annually over a four year period. The weighted average fair value of the restricted stock at the time
of grant in 2013 was $2.51 per share, and is being expensed ratably over the vesting period. Through September 30, 2016, 82,617
shares have been forfeited, and 130,804 shares have vested. We recognized share-based compensation expense related to restricted
stock of $56 and $59 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Restricted stock activity under the Plan
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

The fair value of restricted stock vested
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $52 and $68 respectively. 

In July 2010, the Company amended its chief
executive officer s (the  CEO s ) employment agreement to grant the CEO 100,000 stock options, of which
25% vested upon grant and 25% vested annually over the next three years, and a maximum of 390,000 performance-based stock units
that vest upon the achievement of certain performance and market based targets. In March 2013, the Company amended its CEO s
employment agreement to modify the performance and market based targets. 

In February 2012, the Company amended its
chief medical officer s (the  CMO s ) employment agreement to grant the CMO 50,000 performance-based stock
units that vest upon the achievement of certain performance based targets. 

In March 2013, the Company amended its chief
operating officer s (the  COO s ) employment agreement to grant the COO 125,000 performance-based stock
units that vest upon the achievement of certain performance based targets. In March 2013, the Company amended its CMO s employment
agreement to grant the CMO 120,000 performance-based stock units that vest upon the achievement of certain performance based targets. 

Through September 30, 2016, no expense has
been recorded for any performance-based stock units granted to the CEO, COO, or CMO. 

7. STOCK OFFERING  

On February 26, 2016 the Company entered into definitive stock
purchase agreements with certain institutional and accredited investors. In conjunction with this stock offering we issued 8,027,900
shares of our common stock and non-transferable options for 3,567,956 shares of our common stock for aggregate net proceeds of
$15.2 million. Each option is exercisable for $2.50 per share and expires on March 22, 2017. If all options were to be exercised
it would result in additional proceeds of approximately $8.9 million. 

12   

8. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by
the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards
that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The new standard involves
several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of
awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard will be effective for
us on January 1, 2017. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that this standard may have on our financial position,
results of operations and statement of cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The new standard requires that all lessees recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases
on the balance sheet and disclose qualitative and quantitative information about its leasing arrangements. The new standard will
be effective for us on January 1, 2019. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that this standard may have on our financial
position and results of operations. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standard Update ( ASU ) 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. Under the new guidance, management will be required
to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances.
The provisions of this ASU are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods
thereafter. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that this ASU may have on our disclosures. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,  Accounting
for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service
Period.  This ASU requires a reporting entity to treat a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved
after the requisite service period as a performance condition, and apply existing guidance under the Stock Compensation Topic of
the ASC as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. The provisions of this
ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. We evaluated this ASU and determined that
it did not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

During the quarter ended June 30, 2014,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606), which supersedes all existing
revenue recognition requirements, including most industry-specific guidance. The new standard requires a company to recognize revenue
when it transfers goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive
for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606): Deferral of the Effective Date, which delayed the effective date of the new standard from January 1, 2017 to January 1,
2018. The FASB also agreed to allow entities to choose to adopt the standard as of the original effective date. We are currently
evaluating the method of adoption and the potential impact that Topic 606 may have on our financial position and results of operations. 

9. INCOME TAXES  

As of December 31, 2015, we had federal
NOL, state NOL, and research and development credit carryforwards of approximately $357,122, $176,712 and $27,750 respectively,
which expire at various dates through 2035. Approximately $15,020 of our federal NOL and $868 of our state NOL were generated from
excess tax deductions from share-based awards, the tax benefit of which will be credited to additional paid-in-capital when the
deductions reduce current taxes payable. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
we had no unrecognized tax benefits. We do not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase
in the next twelve months. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.
As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Our U.S. federal
tax returns for the tax years 2012 through 2015 and our state tax returns for the tax years 2012 through 2015 remain open to examination.
Prior tax years remain open to the extent of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. 

Utilization of NOL and research and development
credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation in the event of an ownership change that has occurred previously
or could occur in the future pursuant to Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as well as similar
state provisions. An ownership change may limit the amount of NOL and research and development credit carryforwards that can be
utilized annually to offset future taxable income, and may, in turn, result in the expiration of a portion of those carryforwards
before utilization. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382, results from transactions that increase the ownership
of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three year period.
We undertook a detailed study of our NOL and research and development credit carryforwards through January 31, 2016, to determine
whether such amounts are likely to be limited by Sections 382 or 383. As a result of this analysis, we currently do not believe
any Sections 382 or 383 limitations will significantly impact our ability to offset income with available NOL and research and
development credit carryforwards. However, future ownership changes under Section 382 may limit our ability to fully utilize these
tax benefits. 

13   

10. SUBSEQUENT EVENT  

On October 25, 2016, the Company entered
into a Sales Agreement with JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC ( Jones ) to sell, from time to time,
shares of the Company s common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to $30 million through an  at the market
offering  program under which Jones will act as sales agent. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with our condensed financial statements and accompanying notes contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and
our audited financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

We are a biopharmaceutical company engaged
in the research and development of innovative therapeutics to treat cancers and rare diseases. Our mission is to discover, develop
and commercialize novel small molecule drugs in areas of high unmet need that will dramatically extend and improve the lives of
our patients. These drugs target biological pathways implicated in a wide range of cancers and certain non-oncology indications.
Our discovery and development efforts are guided, when possible, by an understanding of the role of biomarkers, which are indicators
of a particular biological condition or process and may predict the clinical benefit of our compounds in defined patient populations.
Our clinical-stage pipeline consists of five drug candidates, all of which are in targeted patient populations, making ArQule a
leader among companies our size in precision medicine. 

ArQule has a long history of kinase drug
discovery and development, having discovered and introduced nine kinase inhibitors into human clinical trials. Our drug discovery
efforts have been informed by our historical expertise in chemistry, our work in rational drug design and by our insight into kinase
binding and regulation. We have applied this knowledge to produce significant chemical matter for a number of kinase targets and
to build an extensive library of proprietary compounds with the potential to target multiple kinases in oncology and other therapeutic
areas, such as rare diseases. We expect to bring further preclinical programs forward either directly or with collaborators and
to interrogate our library against new targets beyond kinases. 

Our lead product candidate is tivantinib
(ARQ 197), an orally administered, small molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase ( MET ) and its biological
pathway. MET is a promising target for cancer therapy, based on its multiple roles in cancerous cell proliferation, tumor spread,
new blood vessel formation and resistance to certain drug therapies. We and our partners, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd. ( Daiichi
Sankyo ) and Kyowa Hakko Kirin Co., Ltd. ( Kyowa Hakko Kirin ), are implementing a worldwide clinical development
program with tivantinib. Our strategy is to focus on the most promising indications within our clinical programs based upon continually
generated and updated clinical and pre-clinical data. Our lead indication is liver cancer ( hepatocellular carcinoma 
or  HCC ), and we are currently conducting two Phase 3 trials with our partners. We have also completed earlier-stage
single agent and combination therapy trials and pre-clinical experiments with tivantinib and other anti-cancer agents that may
provide data to support trials in additional indications. 

Our most advanced ongoing clinical trial,
the METIV-HCC trial, is a pivotal Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, controlled study of tivantinib as single agent therapy in previously
treated patients with MET diagnostic-high, inoperable HCC conducted by Daiichi Sankyo and us. The primary endpoint is overall survival
( OS ) in the intent-to-treat ( ITT ) population, and the secondary endpoint is progression-free survival
( PFS ) in the same population. 

We completed patient accrual in the METIV-HCC
trial in December 2015 and have randomized over 300 patients at more than 100 clinical sites worldwide. On March 22, 2016, we and
Daiichi Sankyo announced that the independent data monitoring committee ( DMC ) of the METIV-HCC study conducted the
planned interim assessment, and it was determined that the trial will continue to its final analysis. The interim assessment was
triggered when at least 60 percent of the target number of events occurred. The final analysis will take place when 100 percent
of the target number of events occurs, which we currently expect to be in late 2016 or early 2017. The METIV-HCC trial is being
conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment ( SPA ) agreement with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ). 

14   

In addition to METIV-HCC, a second Phase
3 clinical trial in HCC with tivantinib known as JET-HCC is ongoing in Japan. On February 4, 2014, Kyowa Hakko Kirin announced
the initiation of this trial in Japanese patients with MET diagnostic-high, inoperable HCC previously treated with sorafenib. The
trial is a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study to compare PFS in patients treated with tivantinib with those treated
with placebo. Kyowa Hakko Kirin plans to enroll approximately 160 patients in this study. 

We have licensed commercial rights to tivantinib
for human cancer indications to Daiichi Sankyo in the U.S., Europe, South America and the rest of the world, excluding Japan and
certain other Asian countries, where we have licensed commercial rights to Kyowa Hakko Kirin. Our agreements with these partners
provide for possible future milestone payments, royalties on product sales, and development funding, in addition to significant
payments that we have already received. To date we have received $100 million in upfront and milestone payments from Daiichi Sankyo,
$15 million of which was related to the first patient enrolled in the METIV-HCC trial. That milestone was netted against our cumulative
share of Phase 3 collaboration costs in 2013, and consequently we did not receive any cash proceeds from this milestone. To date,
we have received $48 million in upfront and milestone payments from Kyowa Hakko Kirin. 

We have collaborated with the National Cancer
Institute ( NCI ) through its Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program ( CTEP ) to explore the clinical potential
of tivantinib in a variety of tumor indications while we focus our internal efforts on the two Phase 3 programs in HCC. These CTEP-sponsored
trials included Phase 2 single agent trials in prostate cancer (randomized), multiple myeloma, breast cancer and malignant mesothelioma,
and Phase 2 combination therapy trials in kidney cancer (with or without erlotinib, randomized) and head and neck cancer (with
or without cetuximab, randomized). 

Our proprietary pipeline of product candidates
is directed toward molecular targets and biological processes with demonstrated roles in the development of both human cancers
and rare, non-oncology diseases. Our clinical-stage candidates include: ARQ 087, a multi-kinase inhibitor designed to preferentially
inhibit the fibroblast growth factor receptor ( FGFR ) family; ARQ 092, a selective inhibitor of the AKT serine/threonine
kinase; ARQ 751, a next generation AKT inhibitor; and ARQ 761, a Beta lapachone analog being evaluated in investigator-sponsored
testing as a promoter of NQO1-mediated programmed cancer cell necrosis. Specific tumor types and biomarkers have been identified
to guide our clinical testing, based on analyses of Phase 1a anti-cancer activity in humans, preclinical findings and scientific
literature. In addition, we have advanced ARQ 531, an investigational, orally bioavailable, potent and reversible inhibitor of
both wild type and C481S-mutant BTK, into toxicology testing and plan to file an Investigational New Drug Application in early
2017. 

Under our agreement with the National Human Genome Research
Institute of the NIH, a Phase 1 clinical trial investigating ARQ 092 as a potential treatment for Proteus syndrome, a rare overgrowth
disorder caused by a mutation in the AKT 1 gene, began enrolling patients in November 2015. A Phase 1b clinical trial for
ARQ 092 has completed enrollment in lymphoma, endometrial cancers and in cancers harboring AKT 1 and PI3K mutations. Thus far in
this enriched cohort of the trial, we have observed five patients with confirmed responses, three of which had the same AKT 1 mutation
that occurs in Proteus syndrome and one of which had a PI3k mutation. Clinical development of ARQ 087 has advanced into Phase 2
for intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma ( iCCA ) following the observation of two confirmed partial responses in this patient
population in the Phase 1 portion of the trial. Additional testing is on-going in solid tumors as part of a Phase 1b expansion
cohort of this trial. ARQ 761 is currently in a Phase 1b clinical trial for solid tumors and Phase 1b/2 for pancreatic cancer. 

We have incurred a cumulative deficit of
approximately $498 million from inception through September 30, 2016. We recorded a net loss for 2014 and 2015 and expect a net
loss for 2016. 

Our revenue consists primarily of development
funding from our alliances with Daiichi Sankyo and Kyowa Hakko Kirin. Revenue and expenses fluctuate from quarter to quarter based
upon a number of factors, notably the timing and extent of our cancer-related research and development activities together with
the length and outcome of our clinical trials. 

In May 2015, we entered into a Collaborative
Research and Development Agreement with Beryllium Discovery Corp. ( Beryllium ). Pursuant to the agreement, we will
jointly focus on the identification and preclinical development of inhibitors of PD-1 and PDL-1. 

As a result of a change in our research
and development priorities, including with respect to our emphasis on accelerating pre-clinical development of ARQ531, our BTK
inhibitor, we entered into an agreement with Beryllium pursuant to which we jointly terminated the collaborative research and development
agreement effective November 4, 2016. 

15   

On December 18, 2008, we entered into
a license, co-development and co-commercialization agreement with Daiichi Sankyo to conduct research, clinical trials and commercialization
of tivantinib in human cancer indications. The agreement provides for a $60 million cash upfront licensing payment from Daiichi
Sankyo to us, which we received in December 2008, and an additional $560 million in potential development and sales milestone
payments offset by our share of the Phase 3 costs. Upon commercialization, we will receive tiered, double-digit royalties from
Daiichi Sankyo on net sales of tivantinib commensurate with the magnitude of the transaction. On November 3, 2015, the Company
announced that it had exercised its option with Daiichi Sankyo to co-commercialize tivantinib in the United States (the  Co-Commercialization
Option ), pursuant to the Agreement. Subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals, the first commercial indication for
tivantinib under the Co-Commercialization Option is anticipated to be second line HCC. The parties have a prescribed period to
conclude a co-commercialization agreement in accordance with the terms of the Agreement which is expected to occur in 2016. If
the METIV-HCC trial is successful, and tivantinib is approved in second line HCC, the Agreement provides that the Company will
receive a total of $55 million in milestone payments for the official acceptance of drug approval applications by FDA and the European
Medicines Agency ( EMA ) in this first indication, plus an additional $100 million in combined milestones tied to receipt
of commercialization regulatory approval by the FDA and the first commercial sale in the UK, Germany, France, Italy or Spain. These
milestones, totaling $155 million, will be partially offset by Phase 3 costs owed to Daiichi Sankyo by the Company which the Company
expects to total approximately $75 million to $85 million at the time of approval in the US or EU. The Agreement also provides
that the Company will receive tiered double digit royalties on net sales of tivantinib throughout the territory. Given the anticipated
commercial market for second line HCC, the Company expects to earn royalties on net sales for this indication at the baseline contractual
rate of 20 percent. 

We and Daiichi Sankyo will share equally
the costs of Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical studies, with our share of Phase 3 costs payable solely from milestone and royalty payments
by Daiichi Sankyo. 

The dosing of the first patient in the Phase
3 MARQUEE clinical trial of tivantinib in NSCLC, announced in January 2011, triggered the payment of a $25 million development
milestone from Daiichi Sankyo that was received in February 2011. Revenue for this agreement is recognized using the contingency-adjusted
performance model. Through September 30, 2012, revenue was recognized based upon an estimated development period through December 2013.
As a result of the October 2012 decision to discontinue the MARQUEE trial, the development period as of October 1, 2012
was extended to June 2015. Commencing with the fourth quarter of 2012 and through the third quarter of 2013 revenue was recognized
over that development period. In the fourth quarter of 2013, following a recommendation by the independent data monitoring committee
that the METIV-HCC trial continue with patients receiving a lower dose of tivantinib than the dose originally employed in the trial,
we reviewed the estimated development period and extended it to June 2016. On March 22, 2016, we and Daiichi Sankyo announced
that the independent data monitoring committee ( DMC ) of the METIV-HCC study conducted the planned interim assessment,
and it was determined the trial will continue to its final analysis. Accordingly, we reviewed the estimated development period
and extended it to December 2016. 

Under the terms of our tivantinib collaboration
agreement with Daiichi Sankyo we share development costs equally with our share of Phase 3 costs funded solely from milestones
and royalties. In each quarter the tivantinib collaboration costs we incur are compared with those of Daiichi Sankyo. If our costs
for the quarter exceed Daiichi Sankyo s, we recognize revenue on the amounts due to us under the contingency adjusted performance
model. Revenue is calculated on a pro-rata basis using the time elapsed from inception of the agreement over the estimated duration
of the development period under the agreement. If our costs for the quarter are less than those of Daiichi Sankyo, we report the
amount due to Daiichi Sankyo as contra-revenue in that quarter. To the extent that our share of Phase 3 collaboration costs exceeds
the amount of milestones and royalties received, that excess is netted against future milestones and royalties if and when earned
and is not reported as contra-revenue. 

Our cumulative share of the Daiichi Sankyo
Phase 3 costs through September 30, 2016 totaled $105.9 million. We received a milestone of $25 million in February 2011
upon enrolling the first patient in the MARQUEE trial, the cash proceeds of which were subsequently applied to our share of Phase
3 collaboration costs. On January 31, 2013, we announced that the first patient had been enrolled in the pivotal Phase 3 METIV
trial of tivantinib, entitling us to a $15 million milestone. That $15 million milestone was also netted against our cumulative
share of Phase 3 collaboration costs in 2013, and consequently we did not receive any cash proceeds from this milestone. Our cumulative
share of Phase 3 collaboration costs has exceeded the amount of milestones received through September 30, 2016 by $65.9 million
which will be netted against future milestones and royalties, if any, when earned and has not been reported as contra-revenue. 

For the quarter ended and nine months September
30, 2016, our non-Phase 3 tivantinib collaboration costs incurred exceeded those of Daiichi Sankyo s and $73 thousand and
$79 thousand, respectively, were recognized as research and development revenue. 

For the quarter ended September 30, 2015
our non-Phase 3 tivantinib collaboration costs incurred were less than those of Daiichi Sankyo and $130 was recognized as contra-revenue
and netted against our tivantinib Daiichi Sankyo research and development revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
our non-Phase 3 tivantinib collaboration costs incurred exceeded those of Daiichi Sankyo and $119 was recognized as tivantinib
Daiichi Sankyo net research and development revenue. 

On April 27, 2007, we entered into
an exclusive license agreement with Kyowa Hakko Kirin to develop and commercialize tivantinib in Japan and parts of Asia. The agreement
includes $123 million in upfront and potential development milestone payments from Kyowa Hakko Kirin to ArQule, including $30 million
cash upfront licensing payments that we received in 2007. In addition to the upfront and possible development milestone payments
totaling $123 million, the Company will be eligible for future milestone payments based on the achievement of certain levels of
net sales. To date, we have received $48 million in upfront and milestones payments. 

16   

Through December 2015, revenue for this
agreement was recognized using the contingency-adjusted performance model with an estimated development period through April 2016.
As noted for the Daiichi Sankyo tivantinib program, the estimated development period for the METIV-HCC study was reviewed and extended
to December 2016 in the first quarter of 2016. Similarly, the estimated development period for the Kyowa Hakko Kirin Phase 3 JET-HCC
trial was reviewed and also extended to December 2016. 

The Company will recognize the payments,
if any, as revenue in accordance with its revenue recognition policies. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has not recognized
any revenue from these potential sales milestone payments, and there can be no assurance that it will do so in the future. 

Upon commercialization, ArQule will receive tiered royalties
in the mid-teen to low-twenty percent range from Kyowa Hakko Kirin on net sales of tivantinib. Kyowa Hakko Kirin will be responsible
for all clinical development costs and commercialization of the compound in certain Asian countries, consisting of Japan, China
(including Hong Kong), South Korea and Taiwan. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

Cash flow from operating activities. 
Our uses of cash for operating activities have primarily consisted of salaries and wages for our employees, facility and facility-related
costs for our offices and laboratories, fees paid in connection with preclinical and clinical studies, laboratory supplies and
materials, and professional fees. The sources of our cash flow from operating activities have consisted primarily of payments received
from our collaborators for services performed or upfront payments for future services. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, our net use of cash was primarily driven by payments for operating expenses which resulted in net cash outflows
of $16.4 million and $17.2 million, respectively. 

Cash flow from investing activities. 
Our net cash provided by investing activities of $2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was comprised primarily
of net sales of marketable securities. Our net cash provided by investing activities of $17.7 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, was comprised of net sales of marketable securities of $17.7 million, proceeds from sale of equipment of $0.3
million offset by additions to property and equipment of $0.3 million. The composition and mix of cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities may change frequently as a result of the Company s constant evaluation of conditions in financial markets, the
maturity of specific investments, and our near term liquidity needs. 

Cash flow from financing activities. 
Our net cash provided by financing activities of $15.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was comprised of net
proceeds from our February 26, 2016 stock offering of $15.2 million and $0.1 million from stock option exercises and employee stock
plan purchases. Our net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $ 0.1 million were
from employee stock plan purchases. 

Our cash equivalents and marketable securities
typically include U.S. Treasury bill funds, money market funds, commercial paper, and U.S. federal and state agency backed certificates
that have investment grade ratings. Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk
due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate interest securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in
interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these
factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectation due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in
principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. 

Our cash requirements may vary materially
from those now planned depending upon the results of our drug discovery and development strategies, our ability to enter into additional
corporate collaborations and the terms of such collaborations, results of research and development, unanticipated required capital
expenditures, competitive and technological advances, acquisitions and other factors. We cannot guarantee that we will be able
to develop any of our drug candidates into a commercial product. It is likely we will need to raise additional capital or incur
indebtedness to continue to fund our operations in the future. Our ability to raise additional funds will depend on financial,
economic and market conditions, and due to global capital and credit market conditions or for other reasons, we may be unable to
raise capital when needed, or on terms favorable to us. If necessary funds are not available, we may have to delay, reduce the
scope of, or eliminate some of our development programs, potentially delaying the time to market for any of our product candidates. 

17   

On February 26, 2016 the Company entered
into definitive stock purchase agreements with certain institutional and accredited investors. In conjunction with this stock offering
we issued 8,027,900 shares of our common stock and non-transferable options for 3,567,956 shares of our common stock for aggregate
net proceeds of $15.2 million. Each option is exercisable for $2.50 per share and expires on March 22, 2017. If all options
were to be exercised it would result in additional proceeds of approximately $8.9 million. 

In light of the $15.2 million we received
from the February 26, 2016 stock purchase agreements, we anticipate that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
on hand at September 30, 2016, and financial support from our collaboration agreements will be sufficient to finance our working
capital and capital requirements into 2018. 

Our contractual
obligations were comprised of the following as of  September 30, 2016  (in thousands):  

In January 2015, we entered into a
lease agreement for a new headquarters facility. The lease commenced on May 1, 2015 for a term of five years and three months
with an average annual rental rate of $455 thousand. The obligations for this new facility are included in the table above. 

Purchase obligations are comprised primarily
of outsourced preclinical and clinical trial expenses and payments to license certain intellectual property to support the Company s
research efforts. Under our tivantinib collaboration with Daiichi Sankyo, our share of Phase 3 costs are payable solely from future
milestones and royalties. As of September 30, 2016 our portion of these costs was $65.9 million and is excluded from the table
above. These costs are netted against any future milestones and royalties due to us. Daiichi Sankyo has the right to offset future
milestone and royalty payments by this amount. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

A  critical accounting policy 
is one which is both important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results and requires management s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that
are inherently uncertain. For additional information, please see the discussion of our significant accounting policies in Note
2 to the Financial Statements included in our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 on Form 10-K filed with
the SEC on February 29, 2016. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following are the results of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Revenue  

Research and development revenue in the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is comprised of revenue from the Daiichi Sankyo tivantinib development
agreement and the Kyowa Hakko Kirin exclusive license agreement. The revenue decreases in the three months ended September 30,
2016 of $0.5 million from our Daiichi Sankyo METIV-HCC trial and $1.0 million from our Kyowa Hakko Kirin JET-HCC trial were principally
due to the March 2016 extension of the development period through December 31, 2016 for both programs. The revenue decreases in
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $2.0 million from our Daiichi Sankyo METIV-HCC trial and $2.9 million from our Kyowa
Hakko Kirin JET-HCC trial were also principally due to the extension of the development period through December 31, 2016. 

18   

Under the terms of our tivantinib collaboration
agreement with Daiichi Sankyo we share development costs equally with our share of Phase 3 costs funded solely from milestones
and royalties. In each quarter the tivantinib collaboration costs that we incur are compared with those of Daiichi Sankyo. If our
costs for the quarter exceed Daiichi Sankyo s, we recognize revenue on the amounts due to us under the contingency adjusted
performance model. Revenue is calculated on a pro-rata basis using the time elapsed from inception of the agreement over the estimated
duration of the development period under the agreement. If our costs for the quarter are less than those of Daiichi Sankyo, we
report the amount due to Daiichi Sankyo as contra-revenue in that quarter. To the extent that our share of Phase 3 collaboration
costs exceeds the amount of milestones and royalties received, that excess is netted against future milestones and royalties if
and when earned and is not reported as contra-revenue. 

Revenue for this agreement is recognized
using the contingency-adjusted performance model. Through September 30, 2012, revenue was recognized based upon an estimated development
period through December 2013. As a result of the October 2012 decision to discontinue the MARQUEE trial, the development period
as of October 1, 2012 was extended to June 2015. Commencing with the fourth quarter of 2012 and through the third quarter of 2013
revenue was recognized over that development period. In the fourth quarter of 2013, following a recommendation by the DMC that
the METIV-HCC trial continue with patients receiving a lower dose of tivantinib than the dose originally employed in the trial,
we reviewed the estimated development period and extended it to June 2016. On March 22, 2016, we and Daiichi Sankyo announced that
the DMC of the METIV-HCC study conducted the planned interim assessment, and it was determined the trial will continue to its final
analysis. Accordingly, we reviewed the estimated development period and extended it to December 2016. 

Our cumulative share of the Daiichi Sankyo
Phase 3 costs through September 30, 2016 totaled $105.9 million. We received a milestone of $25 million in February 2011
upon enrolling the first patient in the MARQUEE trial, the cash proceeds of which were subsequently applied to our share of Phase
3 collaboration costs. On January 31, 2013, we announced that the first patient had been enrolled in the pivotal Phase 3 METIV
trial of tivantinib, entitling us to a $15 million milestone. That $15 million milestone was also netted against our cumulative
share of Phase 3 collaboration costs in 2013, and consequently we did not receive any cash proceeds from this milestone. Our cumulative
share of Phase 3 collaboration costs has exceeded the amount of milestones received through September 30, 2016 by $65.9 million
which will be netted against future milestones and royalties, if any, when earned and has not been reported as contra-revenue. 

For the quarter and nine months ended September
30, 2016, our non-Phase 3 tivantinib collaboration costs incurred exceeded those of Daiichi Sankyo s and $73 thousand and
$79 thousand, respectively, were recognized as research and development revenue. 

For the quarter ended September 30, 2015
our non-Phase 3 tivantinib collaboration costs incurred were less than those of Daiichi Sankyo and $130 thousand was recognized
as contra-revenue and netted against our tivantinib Daiichi Sankyo research and development revenue. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, our non-Phase 3 tivantinib collaboration costs incurred exceeded those of Daiichi Sankyo and $119 thousand
was recognized as tivantinib Daiichi Sankyo net research and development revenue. 

Research and development  

Research and development expense in the
three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $2.1 million principally due to increased outsourced clinical and product development
costs of $1.9 million and professional fees of $0.2 million. 

Research and development expense in the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $1.9 million principally due to increased outsourced clinical and product development
costs of $2.6 million and professional fees of $0.2 million. These cost increases were partially offset by decreased labor and
related costs of $0.4 million and facility costs of $0.5 million. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015 we had 21
employees dedicated to our research and development program. 

Overview  

Our research and development expense consists
primarily of salaries and related expenses for personnel, costs of contract manufacturing services, costs of facilities and equipment,
fees paid to professional service providers in conjunction with our clinical trials, fees paid to research organizations in conjunction
with pre-clinical animal studies, costs of materials used in research and development, consulting, license, and sponsored research
fees paid to third parties and depreciation of associated laboratory equipment. We expect that our research and development expense
will remain significant as we continue to develop our portfolio of oncology programs. 

19   

We have not accumulated and tracked our
internal historical research and development costs or our personnel and personnel-related costs on a program-by-program basis.
Our employee and infrastructure resources are allocated across several projects, and many of our costs are directed to broadly
applicable research endeavors. As a result, we cannot state the costs incurred for each of our oncology programs on a program-by-program
basis. 

The expenses incurred by us to third parties
for pre-clinical and clinical trials in the current year and since inception of our lead clinical stage program were as follows
(in millions): 

Under the terms of our tivantinib collaboration
agreement with Daiichi Sankyo we share development costs equally with our share of Phase 3 costs funded solely from milestones
and royalties. Our cumulative share of Phase 3 collaboration costs has exceeded the amount of milestones received through September
30, 2016 by $65.9 million and is not reflected in the above table. 

Our future research and development expenses
in support of our current and future oncology programs will be subject to numerous uncertainties in timing and cost to completion.
We test potential products in numerous pre-clinical studies for safety, toxicology, and efficacy. We may conduct multiple clinical
trials for each product. As we obtain results from trials, we may elect to discontinue or delay clinical trials for certain products
in order to focus our resources on more promising products. Completion of clinical trials may take several years or more, and the
length of time generally varies substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty, and intended use of a product. It is
not unusual for the pre-clinical and clinical development of each of these types of products to take nine years or more, and for
total development costs to exceed $500 million for each product. 

We estimate that clinical trials of the
type generally needed to secure new drug approval are typically completed over the following timelines: 

The duration and the cost of clinical trials
may vary significantly over the life of a project as a result of differences arising during clinical development, including, among
others, the following: 

the number of clinical sites included in the trials;   

the length of time required to enroll suitable patients;   

the number of patients that ultimately participate in the trials;   

the duration of patient follow-up to ensure the absence of long-term product-related adverse events; and   

the efficacy and safety profile of the product.   

An element of our business strategy is to
pursue the research and development of a broad pipeline of products. This is intended to allow us to diversify the risks associated
with our research and development expenditures. As a result, we believe our future capital requirements and future financial success
do not substantially depend on any one product. To the extent we are unable to build and maintain a broad pipeline of products,
our dependence on the success of one or a few products increases. 

Our strategy includes entering into alliance
arrangements with third parties to participate in the development and commercialization of our products, such as our collaboration
agreements with Daiichi Sankyo and Kyowa Hakko Kirin. In the event that third parties have control over the clinical trial process
for a product, the estimated completion date would be under control of that third party rather than under our control. We cannot
forecast with any degree of certainty whether our products will be subject to future collaborative arrangements or how such arrangements
would affect our development plans or capital requirements. 

As a result of the uncertainties discussed
above, we make significant estimates in determining the duration and completion costs of our oncology programs or when and to what
extent we will receive cash inflows from the commercialization and sale of a product. Our inability to complete our oncology programs
in a timely manner or our failure to enter into appropriate collaborative agreements could significantly increase our capital requirements
and could adversely impact our liquidity. These uncertainties could force us to seek additional, external sources of financing
from time-to-time in order to continue with our product development strategy. Our inability to raise additional capital, or to
do so on terms reasonably acceptable to us, would jeopardize the future success of our business. 

20   

General and administrative  

General and administrative expense of $1.8
million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was essentially unchanged from September 30, 2015. 

General and administrative expense decreased
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 principally due to lower facility costs of $1.6 million, labor related costs of $0.2
million and professional fees of $0.2 million. 

General and administrative headcount was
14 at September 30, 2016, compared to 15 at September 30, 2015. 

Interest income and other income (expense)  

In terest income
is derived from our portfolio of cash, cash equivalents and investments and increased in the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in our portfolio balance resulting from our $15.2 million stock offering on February
26, 2016.  Other income (expense) in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015 includes a loss of $5 thousand
and a gain of $277 thousand, respectively, from the sale of property and equipment. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

For a discussion of new accounting pronouncements
please read Note 8,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  to our financial statements included in this report. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  

In addition to historical information, this
report contains forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of words such as  anticipate, 
 assume,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   forecast,   intend, 
 may,   plan,   project,   target,   will  and other words and terms
of similar meaning. You also can identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. All
statements which address operating performance, events or developments that the Company expects or anticipates will occur in the
future, such as projections about its future results of operations, its financial condition, research, development and commercialization
of its products and anticipated trends in its business are forward-looking statements. 

In this report we make forward-looking statements
regarding our drug development pipeline and our clinical trials involving tivantinib. Additional forward-looking statements relate
to our agreements with Kyowa Hakko Kirin and Daiichi Sankyo, including potential future milestones and royalty payments that could
result from the future development of tivantinib. 

21   

Drug development involves a high degree
of risk. Only a small number of research and development programs result in the commercialization of a product. For example, pre-clinical
efforts associated with our product pipeline may fail or prove disappointing because our technology platform did not produce candidates
with the desired characteristics. Animal xenograft pre-clinical studies may be unpredictive of human response. Positive information
about early stage clinical trial results will not ensure that later stage or larger scale clinical trials will be successful. 

Furthermore, our drugs may not demonstrate
promising therapeutic effects; in addition, they may not demonstrate appropriate safety profiles in ongoing or later stage or larger
scale clinical trials as a result of known or as yet unidentified side effects. The results achieved in later stage trials may
not be sufficient to meet applicable regulatory standards. Problems or delays may arise during clinical trials or in the course
of developing, testing or manufacturing our drugs that could lead us or our partner to discontinue development. 

Even if later stage clinical trials are
successful, the risk exists that unexpected concerns may arise from analysis of data or from additional data or that obstacles
may arise or issues be identified in connection with review of clinical data with regulatory authorities or that regulatory authorities
may disagree with the Company s view of the data or require additional data or information or additional studies. Also, the
planned timing of initiation of clinical trials and the duration and conclusion of such trials for our drugs are subject to the
ability of the company to enroll patients, enter into agreements with clinical trial sites and investigators, and other technical
hurdles and issues that may not be resolved. 

We also make forward-looking statements
regarding the adequacy of our financial resources. Our capital resources may not be adequate because our cash requirements may
vary materially from those now planned depending upon the results of our drug discovery and development strategies, the outcomes
of our clinical trials, our ability to enter into additional corporate collaborations in the future and the terms of such collaborations,
results of research and development, the need for currently unanticipated capital expenditures, competitive and technological advances,
acquisitions, financial market conditions and other factors. Additionally, our corporate collaborators may terminate their agreements
with us, thereby eliminating that source of funding, because we may fail to satisfy the prescribed terms of the collaborations
or for other reasons. 

We cannot guarantee that we will be able
to develop any of our drug candidates into a commercial product generating revenues. If we experience increased losses, we may
have to seek additional financing from public and private sales of our securities, including equity securities. There can be no
assurance that additional funding will be available when needed or on acceptable terms. 

The factors, risks and uncertainties referred
to above and others are more fully described under the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016, as updated from time to time in our subsequent
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment
of the Company as of the date of this report. We are not under any obligation, and we expressly disclaim any obligation, to update
or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent
required by law. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

We own financial instruments that are sensitive
to market risk as part of our investment portfolio. We have implemented policies regarding the amount and credit ratings of investments.
Our investment portfolio is used to preserve our capital until it is used to fund operations, including our research and development
activities. Our investments are evaluated quarterly to determine the fair value of the portfolio. 

Our cash equivalents and marketable securities
typically include commercial paper, money market funds, and U.S. Treasury bill funds that have investment grade ratings. 

Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of
marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate interest securities may have their
market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected
if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectation due to changes
in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to
changes in interest rates. Based on the type of securities we hold, we do not believe a change in interest rates would have a material
impact on our financial statements. If interest rates were to increase or decrease by 1%, this would not result in a material change
in the fair value of our investment portfolio. 

22   

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Our management, with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and President and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer),
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls
and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange
Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive
and financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management recognizes that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.
Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) and President and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) concluded that, as of such date, our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

There have been no changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  None. 

ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS.  For information regarding
factors that could affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussion
provided under  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of ArQule s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016, as updated from time to time in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
Current Reports on Form 8-K. See also,  Forward-Looking Statements  included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 2.   UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND
USE OF PROCEEDS.  None. 

ITEM 3.   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  None. 

ITEM 4.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.   OTHERS INFORMATION.  None. 

ITEM 6.   EXHIBITS.  

EXHIBIT   
 NO.  
       
      DESCRIPTION   
 
     31.1 
       
     Rule 13a-14(a) Certificate of Chief Executive Officer, filed herewith.  
 
     31.2 
       
     Rule 13a-14(a) Certificate of Principal Financial Officer, filed herewith.  
 
     32 
       
     Rule 13a-14(b) Certificate of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, filed herewith.  
 
     101 
       
     Interactive Data File  

23   

ARQULE, INC.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ArQule, Inc.  

Date: November 7, 2016 
       
     /s/ PETER S. LAWRENCE  

Peter S. Lawrence  

President and Chief Operating Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

/s/ ROBERT J. WEISKOPF  

Robert J. Weiskopf  

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

24   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600698_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Paolo Pucci, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ArQule, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ PAOLO PUCCI  

Paolo Pucci  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600698_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATE OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Peter S. Lawrence, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ArQule, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ PETER S. LAWRENCE  

Peter S. Lawrence  

President and Chief Operating Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 t1600698_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

ARQULE, INC. 

CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND  

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

The undersigned, Paolo Pucci Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) of ArQule, Inc. (the  Company ) and Peter S. Lawrence President and Chief Operating Officer (Principal
Financial Officer), of the Company, both duly elected and currently serving, hereby certify that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 

1.  the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, filed on behalf of the Company pursuant to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and containing the financial statements of the Company, fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Exchange Act; and   

2.  the information contained in such quarterly report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company for the dates and periods covered by such quarterly report.   

This certification accompanies the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the  2002
Act ) and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 

This certification is being made for the exclusive purpose of
compliance by the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company with the requirements of Section 906
of the 2002 Act, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person for any reason other than as specifically required
by law. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate
as of the 7th day of November 2016. 

/s/ PAOLO PUCCI 

Name: 
     Paolo Pucci 

Title: 
     Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ PETER S. LAWRENCE 

Name: 
     Peter S. Lawrence 

Title: 
     President and Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 arql-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 arql-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 arql-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 arql-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 arql-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 arql-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

