<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161208_10-Q_edgar_data_12659_0001574842-16-000060_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11684067</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102523</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>616005</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4878714</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4546915</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1273854</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>82</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001574842-16-000060.hdr.sgml : 20161208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161208170805
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001574842-16-000060
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			H&R BLOCK INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000012659
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				440607856
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06089
		FILM NUMBER:		162042135

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE H&R BLOCK WAY
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8168543000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE H&R BLOCK WAY
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001574842-16-000060.txt : 20161208

10-Q
 1
 hrb2016103110q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 

Commission file number 1-06089 
  
  H R Block, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   MISSOURI 
      
    44-0607856 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

One H R Block Way, Kansas City, Missouri 64105 
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
  (816) 854-3000 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
  Yes           No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes           No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 
  Large accelerated filer                Accelerated filer               Non-accelerated filer               Smaller reporting company     
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
  Yes            No      
  The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's Common Stock, without par value, at the close of business on   November 30, 2016  :   207,116,813   shares. 

Table of Contents  

Form 10-Q for the Period Ended   October 31, 2016    
    
  Table of Contents 

Table of Contents  

PART I    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
           ITEM 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                            (unaudited) 
   
  NOTE 1: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
  BASIS OF PRESENTATION         The consolidated balance sheets as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the   three and six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   have been prepared by the Company, without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   and for all periods presented have been made.  
  "H R Block," "the Company," "we," "our" and "us" are used interchangeably to refer to H R Block, Inc. or to H R Block, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as appropriate to the context. 
  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) have been condensed or omitted. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in our   April 30, 2016   Annual Report to Shareholders on Form 10-K. All amounts presented herein as of   April 30, 2016   or for the year then ended are derived from our   April 30, 2016   Annual Report to Shareholders on Form 10-K. 
  MANAGEMENT ESTIMATES         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates, assumptions and judgments are applied in the evaluation of contingent losses arising from our discontinued mortgage business, contingent losses associated with pending claims and litigation, valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, reserves for uncertain tax positions and related matters. Estimates have been prepared based on the best information available as of each balance sheet date. As such, actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
  SEASONALITY OF BUSINESS         Our operating revenues are seasonal in nature with peak revenues typically occurring in the months of January through April. Therefore, results for interim periods are not indicative of results to be expected for the full year. 
  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS     Our discontinued operations include the results of operations of Sand Canyon Corporation, previously known as Option One Mortgage Corporation (including its subsidiaries, collectively, SCC), which exited its mortgage business in fiscal year 2008. See notes   11   and   12   for additional information on litigation, claims and other loss contingencies related to our discontinued operations. 
  NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS     In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-3, "Interest - Imputation of Interest," (ASU 2015-3) which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This guidance must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. We adopted this guidance effective May 1, 2016. Prior periods have been retrospectively adjusted to conform to the current period presentation. Debt issuance costs related to our Senior Notes previously reported as other current assets and other noncurrent assets have been reclassified to long-term debt. This guidance did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
  NOTE 2: LOSS PER SHARE AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY    
  LOSS PER SHARE     Basic and diluted loss per share is computed using the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines net income per share for each class of common stock and participating security according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Per share amounts are computed by dividing net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average shares outstanding during each period. The dilutive effect of potential common shares is included in diluted earnings per share except in those periods with a loss from continuing operations. Diluted earnings per share excludes the impact of shares of common stock issuable upon the lapse of certain restrictions or the exercise of options to purchase   4.6 million   shares for the   three and six   months ended   October 31, 2016  , and   5.0 million   shares for the   three and six   months ended   October 31, 2015  , as the effect would be antidilutive due to the net loss from continuing operations during those periods. 

Table of Contents  

The computations of basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations are as follows: 

The weighted average shares outstanding for the   three and six   months ended   October 31, 2016   decreased to   215.5 million   and   218.0 million  , respectively, from   266.3 million   and   271.0 million   for the   three and six   months ended   October 31, 2015  , respectively, primarily due to share repurchases completed in the prior and current year. During the six months ended   October 31, 2016  , we purchased and immediately retired   9.6 million   shares at an aggregate cost of   $217.0 million   (average price of   $22.51   per share). During the six months ended   October 31, 2015  , we purchased and immediately retired   40.5 million   shares at an aggregate cost of   $1.5 billion   (average price of   $37.00   per share). The cost of shares retired was allocated to the components of stockholders  equity as follows: 

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION     In addition to the shares repurchased as discussed above, during the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016  , we acquired   0.2 million   shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of   $5.6 million  . These shares represent shares swapped or surrendered to us in connection with the vesting or exercise of stock-based awards. During the   six   months ended   October 31, 2015  , we acquired   0.6 million   shares at an aggregate cost of   $17.8 million   for similar purposes. 
  During the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , we issued   0.9 million   and   1.8 million   shares of common stock, respectively, due to the vesting or exercise of stock-based awards. 
  During the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016  , we granted equity awards equivalent to   1.2 million   shares under our stock-based compensation plans, consisting primarily of nonvested units. Nonvested units generally either vest over a three-year period with one-third vesting each year or cliff vest at the end of a three-year period, although the Compensation Committee may in limited circumstances approve grants with a modified vesting schedule. Stock-based compensation expense of our continuing operations totaled   $6.9 million   and   $12.5 million   for the   three and six   months ended   October 31, 2016  , respectively, and   $7.9 million   and   $13.9 million   for the   three and six   months ended   October 31, 2015  , respectively. As of   October 31, 2016  , unrecognized compensation cost for stock options totaled   $0.1 million  , and for nonvested shares and units totaled   $41.2 million  .  

Table of Contents  

NOTE 3: RECEIVABLES    
  Receivables consist of the following: 

Balances presented above as short-term are included in receivables, while the long-term portions are included in other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets.  
  LOANS TO FRANCHISEES         Franchisee loan balances as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   and   April 30, 2016  , consisted of   $31.4 million  ,   $41.1 million   and   $35.1 million  , respectively, in revolving lines of credit primarily for the purpose of funding off-season working capital needs and   $64.4 million  ,   $76.3 million   and   $61.2 million  , respectively, in term loans made primarily to finance the purchase of franchises. 
  As of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   and   April 30, 2016  , loans with a principal balance of   $2.0 million  ,   $1.6 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, were more than 30 days past due. We had no loans to franchisees on non-accrual status. 
  CANADIAN CASH BACK  PROGRAM         Refunds advanced under the Cash Back program are not subject to credit approval, therefore the primary indicator of credit quality is the age of the receivable amount. Cash Back amounts are generally received within 60 days of filing the client's return. As of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   and   April 30, 2016  ,   $29 thousand  ,   $36 thousand   and   $1.5 million   of Cash Back balances were more than 60 days old, respectively. 
  H R BLOCK EMERALD ADVANCE  LINES OF CREDIT         Beginning in fiscal year 2016, we no longer originate H R Block Emerald Advance  lines of credit (EAs). These lines of credit are originated by BofI Federal Bank, a federal savings bank (BofI), and we purchase a participation interest in them.  
  We review the credit quality of our EA receivables based on pools, which are segregated by the year of origination, with older years being deemed more unlikely to be repaid. These amounts as of   October 31, 2016  , by year of origination, are as follows: 

As of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   and   April 30, 2016  ,   $20.8 million  ,   $18.2 million   and   $21.1 million   of EAs were on non-accrual status and classified as impaired, or more than   60   days past due, respectively. 

Table of Contents  

ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS         Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts for our receivables for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 

NOTE 4: MORTGAGE LOANS HELD FOR SALE OR INVESTMENT    
  In September 2016, our Board of Directors approved a plan to sell our portfolio of mortgage loans and we expect to complete the sale of these assets in our third fiscal quarter. As a result, these loans are presented as held for sale as of   October 31, 2016  , while they are presented as held for investment as of   October 31, 2015   and   April 30, 2016  .  
  The composition of our mortgage loan portfolio is as follows: 

Our loan loss allowance as a percent of mortgage loans was   2.9%   as of   October 31, 2016  , compared to   3.3%   as of   October 31, 2015   and   2.7%   as of   April 30, 2016  . 
  Activity in the allowance for loan losses for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   is as follows: 

Table of Contents  

Detail of the aging of the mortgage loans in our portfolio as of   October 31, 2016   is as follows: 

(1)   
    We do not accrue interest on loans past due   90   days or more. 
      
  NOTE 5: GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS    
  Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

We test goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change which would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.  

Table of Contents  

Components of intangible assets are as follows: 

(1)       Represents business acquisitions for which final purchase price allocations have not yet been determined. 
  Amortization of intangible assets for the   three and six   months ended   October 31, 2016   was   $20.1 million   and   $38.0 million  , respectively. Amortization of intangible assets for the   three and six   months ended   October 31, 2015   was   $17.9 million   and   $34.5 million  , respectively. Estimated amortization of intangible assets for fiscal years   2017  ,   2018  ,   2019  ,   2020   and   2021   is   $69.8 million  ,   $65.9 million  ,   $51.5 million  ,   $36.6 million   and   $24.7 million  , respectively. 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 6: LONG-TERM DEBT    
  The components of long-term debt are as follows: 

Effective May 1, 2016, we adopted the provisions of ASU 2015-3 on a retrospective basis. Accordingly, debt issuance costs related to our Senior Notes are included in long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts for prior periods have been retrospectively adjusted to conform to the current period presentation. See   note 1   for additional information. 
  On September 22, 2016, we entered into a First Amended and Restated Credit and Guarantee Agreement (2016 CLOC), which amended our Credit and Guarantee Agreement (2015 CLOC), extending the scheduled maturity date from September 21, 2020 to September 22, 2021 and decreasing the sublimit for standby letters of credit. Other material terms remain unchanged from our 2015 CLOC. The 2016 CLOC provides for an unsecured senior revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of   $2.0 billion  , which includes a   $200.0 million   sublimit for swingline loans and a   $50.0 million   sublimit for standby letters of credit. We may request increases in the aggregate principal amount of the revolving credit facility of up to   $500.0 million  , subject to obtaining commitments from lenders therefor and meeting certain other conditions. The 2016 CLOC will mature on September 22, 2021, unless extended pursuant to the terms of the 2016 CLOC, at which time all outstanding amounts thereunder will be due and payable. The 2016 CLOC includes an annual facility fee, which will vary depending our then current credit ratings.  
  The 2016 CLOC is subject to various conditions, triggers, events or occurrences that could result in earlier termination and contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, including, without limitation: (1) a covenant requiring the Company to maintain a debt-to-EBITDA ratio calculated on a consolidated basis of no greater than (a)   3.50   to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter ending on April 30, July 31, and October 31 of each year and (b)   4.50   to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter ending on January 31 of each year; (2) a covenant requiring us to maintain an interest coverage (EBITDA-to-interest expense) ratio calculated on a consolidated basis of not less than   2.50   to 1.00 as of the last date of any fiscal quarter; and (3) covenants restricting our ability to incur certain additional debt, incur liens, merge or consolidate with other companies, sell or dispose of assets (including equity interests), liquidate or dissolve, engage in certain transactions with affiliates or enter into certain restrictive agreements. The 2016 CLOC includes provisions for an equity cure which could potentially allow us to independently cure certain defaults. Proceeds under the 2016 CLOC may be used for working capital needs or for other general corporate purposes. We were in compliance with these requirements as of   October 31, 2016  .  
  We had an outstanding balance of   $475.0 million   under the 2016 CLOC as of   October 31, 2016  . Incremental amounts available to borrow under the 2016 CLOC were limited to approximately   $948 million   as of   October 31, 2016  , in accordance with the covenant requiring a minimum debt-to-EBITDA ratio of   3.50   to 1.00.  

Table of Contents  

NOTE 7: FAIR VALUE    
  ESTIMATED FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS     The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of our financial instruments are as follows: 

Fair value estimates, methods and assumptions are set forth below. Fair value was not estimated for assets and liabilities that are not considered financial instruments. 
             
    Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted - Fair value approximates the carrying amount (Level 1). 
                
    Receivables, net - short-term - For short-term balances the carrying values reported in the balance sheet approximate fair market value due to the relative short-term nature of the respective instruments (Level 1).  
                
    Mortgage loans held for sale - The fair value is based on indicative bids received from prospective buyers and is based on estimated valuations of unpaid principal balances (Level 2). These loans were previously reported as held for investment with the related fair value determined as outlined below (Level 3). In accordance with plans approved by our Board of Directors, these loans are now presented as held for sale. 
                
    Mortgage loans held for investment, net - The fair value of mortgage loans held for investment is estimated using a third-party pricing service. The fair value is determined using the present value of expected future cash flows at the asset level, assuming future prepayments and using discount factors determined by prices obtained for residential loans with similar characteristics in the secondary market, as discounted for illiquid assets. Quarterly, we perform analytics to assess the reasonableness of the fair value received from the third-party pricing service based on changes in the portfolio and changes in market conditions. We evaluate whether adjustments to third-party pricing is necessary and historically, we have not made adjustments to prices obtained from our third-party pricing service (Level 3). 
                
    Receivables, net - long-term - The carrying values for the long-term portion of loans to franchisees approximate fair market value due to variable interest rates, low historical delinquency rates and franchise territories serving as collateral (Level 1). Long-term EA receivables are carried at net realizable value which approximates fair value (Level 3). Net realizable value is determined based on historical collection rates. 
                
    Long-term debt - The fair value of our Senior Notes is based on quotes from multiple banks (Level 2). For outstanding balances on the 2016 CLOC, fair value approximates the carrying amount (Level 1). 
                
    Contingent consideration - Fair value approximates the carrying amount (Level 3). 
      
  NOTE 8: INCOME TAXES    
  We file a consolidated federal income tax return in the United States (U.S.) with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and file tax returns in various state and foreign jurisdictions. Tax returns are typically examined and settled upon completion of the examination, with tax controversies settled either at the exam level or through the appeals process.  

Table of Contents  

The Company currently does not have a U.S. federal income tax return under examination. Our U.S. federal returns for 2012 and all prior periods have been audited by the IRS and are closed. Our U.S. federal returns for 2013 and after have not been audited and remain open to examination. With respect to state and local jurisdictions and countries outside the United States, we and our subsidiaries are typically subject to examination for three to six years after the income tax returns have been filed. Although the outcome of the audits is always uncertain, we believe that adequate amounts of tax, interest and penalties have been provided for in the consolidated financial statements for any adjustments that might be incurred due to state, local or foreign audits.  
  We had gross unrecognized tax benefits of   $105.7 million  ,   $96.6 million   and   $111.5 million   as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   and   April 30, 2016  , respectively. The gross unrecognized tax benefits   decreased     $5.8 million   and increased   $10.3 million   during the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The   decrease   in unrecognized tax benefits during the   six   months ending   October 31, 2016   is primarily related to audit settlements in various states. We believe it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by approximately   $11.6 million   within the next twelve months. The anticipated decrease is due to the expiration of statutes of limitations and anticipated closure of various state matters currently under exam. The portion of unrecognized benefits expected to be cash settled within the next twelve months amounts to   $7.5 million   and is included in accrued income taxes on our consolidated balance sheet. The remaining liability for uncertain tax positions is classified as long-term and is included in other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.  
  Consistent with prior years, our pretax loss for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   is expected to be offset by income in the fourth quarter due to the established pattern of seasonality in our primary business operations. As such, we have determined that it is at least more-likely-than-not that realization of tax benefits recorded in our financial statements will occur within our fiscal year. The amount of tax benefit recorded reflects management s estimate of the annual effective tax rate applied to the year-to-date loss from continuing operations. Certain discrete tax adjustments are also reflected in income tax expense for the periods presented.  
  A discrete income tax benefit of   $10.8 million   was recorded in the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016  , compared to a discrete tax benefit of   $26.6 million   in the same period of the prior year. The discrete tax benefit recorded in the current period resulted primarily from favorable settlements of state audits. The discrete tax benefit recorded in the prior year resulted primarily from a law change enacted in the state of Missouri. 
  Our effective tax rate for continuing operations, including the effects of discrete income tax items was   38.8%   and   43.7%   for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Discrete items increased our estimate of the annualized effective tax rate for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015   by   2.5%   and   6.3%  , respectively. Due to the loss in both periods, a discrete tax benefit in either period increases the tax rate while an item of discrete tax expense decreases the tax rate. The impact of discrete tax items combined with the seasonal nature of our business can cause the effective tax rate through our   second   quarter to be significantly different than the rate for our full fiscal year. 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 9: OTHER INCOME AND OTHER EXPENSES    
  The following table shows the components of other income and other expenses:   

  In connection with our deregistration as a savings and loan holding company (SLHC), we no longer present interest income on mortgage loans and various other investments as revenues. Effective September 1, 2015, these amounts are prospectively reported in other income on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
   
  NOTE 10: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    
  Changes in deferred revenue balances related to our Peace of Mind  Extended Service Plan (POM) for both company-owned and franchise offices, which is included in deferred revenue and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, are as follows: 

We accrued   $5.0 million  ,   $6.8 million   and   $7.0 million   as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   and   April 30, 2016  , respectively, related to estimated losses under the standard guarantee, which is included with assisted tax preparation services. The short-term and long-term portions of this liability are included in deferred revenue and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.  
  We have accrued estimated contingent consideration totaling   $7.8 million  ,   $11.9 million   and   $8.7 million   as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   and   April 30, 2016  , respectively, related to acquisitions, with amounts recorded in deferred revenue and other liabilities. Estimates of contingent payments are typically based on expected financial performance of the acquired business and economic conditions at the time of acquisition. Should actual results differ from our assumptions, future payments made will differ from the above estimate and any differences will be recorded in results from continuing operations.  
  We have contractual commitments to fund certain franchises with approved revolving lines of credit. Our total obligation under these lines of credit was   $56.4 million   at   October 31, 2016  , and net of amounts drawn and outstanding, our remaining commitment to fund totaled   $25.0 million  . 
  On October 25, 2016, we entered into a Refund Advance Program Agreement and certain ancillary agreements with certain third parties, pursuant to which they will originate and fund Refund Advance loans, and provide technology, software, and underwriting support services related to such loans. The Refund Advance loans will be offered to eligible assisted U.S. tax preparation clients, based on client eligibility as determined by the loan originator. We will pay loan origination fees based on volume and customer type. The loan origination fees are intended to cover expected loan  

Table of Contents  

losses and payments to capital providers, among other items. In addition, we have provided limited guarantees up to   $73 million   in the aggregate, subject to specified thresholds, which would cover certain incremental loan losses. We expect that only an immaterial amount of the guarantees will be called upon under anticipated loss scenarios. 
   
  NOTE 11: LITIGATION AND RELATED CONTINGENCIES    
  We are a defendant in numerous litigation matters, arising both in the ordinary course of business and otherwise, including as described below. The matters described below are not all of the lawsuits to which we are subject. In some of the matters, very large or indeterminate amounts, including punitive damages, are sought. U.S. jurisdictions permit considerable variation in the assertion of monetary damages or other relief. Jurisdictions may permit claimants not to specify the monetary damages sought or may permit claimants to state only that the amount sought is sufficient to invoke the jurisdiction of the court. In addition, jurisdictions may permit plaintiffs to allege monetary damages in amounts well exceeding reasonably possible verdicts in the jurisdiction for similar matters. We believe that the monetary relief which may be specified in a lawsuit or a claim bears little relevance to its merits or disposition value due to this variability in pleadings and our experience in litigating or resolving through settlement of numerous claims over an extended period of time. 
  The outcome of a litigation matter and the amount or range of potential loss at particular points in time may be difficult to ascertain. Among other things, uncertainties can include how fact finders will evaluate documentary evidence and the credibility and effectiveness of witness testimony, and how trial and appellate courts will apply the law. Disposition valuations are also subject to the uncertainty of how opposing parties and their counsel will themselves view the relevant evidence and applicable law. 
  In addition to litigation matters, we are also subject to claims and other loss contingencies arising out of our business activities, including as described below. 
  We accrue liabilities for litigation, claims, and other loss contingencies, and any related settlements (each referred to, individually, as a "matter" and, collectively, as "matters") when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Liabilities have been accrued for certain of the matters noted below. If a range of loss is estimated, and some amount within that range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within that range, then that amount is accrued. If no amount within the range can be identified as a better estimate than any other amount, we accrue the minimum amount in the range. 
  For such matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible, but not probable, or the loss cannot be reasonably estimated, no accrual has been made. It is possible that such matters could require us to pay damages or make other expenditures or accrue liabilities in amounts that could not be reasonably estimated as of   October 31, 2016  . While the potential future liabilities could be material in the particular quarterly or annual periods in which they are recorded, based on information currently known, we do not believe any such liabilities are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. As of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   and   April 30, 2016  , our total accrued liabilities were   $2.3 million  ,   $6.2 million   and   $2.3 million  , respectively, for matters addressed in this note. 
  For some matters where a liability has not been accrued, we are able to estimate a reasonably possible loss or range of loss. This estimated range of reasonably possible loss is based upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions, as well as known and unknown uncertainties. The matters underlying the estimated range will change from time to time, and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. Those matters for which an estimate is not reasonably possible are not included within this estimated range. Therefore, this estimated range of reasonably possible loss represents what we believe to be an estimate of reasonably possible loss only for certain matters meeting these criteria. It does not represent our maximum loss exposure. For those matters, and for matters where a liability has been accrued, as of   October 31, 2016  , we believe the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses in excess of amounts accrued is not material. 
  For other matters, we are not currently able to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss. We are often unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss until developments in such matters have provided sufficient information to support an assessment of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss, such as quantification of a damage demand from plaintiffs, discovery from other parties and investigation of factual allegations, rulings by courts on motions or appeals, analysis by experts, or the status of any settlement negotiations.  

Table of Contents  

On a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to litigation and other loss contingencies and update our accruals, disclosures and estimates of reasonably possible loss or range of loss based on such reviews. Costs incurred with defending matters are expensed as incurred. Any receivable for insurance recoveries is recorded separately from the corresponding liability, and only if recovery is determined to be probable and reasonably estimable. 
  We believe we have meritorious defenses to the claims asserted in the various matters described in this note, and we intend to defend them vigorously, but there can be no assurances as to their outcomes. In the event of unfavorable outcomes, it could require modifications to our operations; in addition, the amounts that may be required to be paid to discharge or settle the matters could be substantial and could have a material adverse impact on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.  
  LITIGATION, CLAIMS, INCLUDING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS, OR OTHER LOSS CONTINGENCIES PERTAINING TO DISCONTINUED MORTGAGE OPERATIONS     Although SCC ceased its mortgage loan origination activities in December 2007 and sold its loan servicing business in April 2008, SCC or the Company has been, remains, and may in the future be subject to litigation, claims, including indemnification and contribution claims, and other loss contingencies pertaining to SCC's mortgage business activities that occurred prior to such termination and sale. These contingencies, claims, and lawsuits include actions by regulators, third parties seeking indemnification, including depositors, underwriters, and securitization trustees, individual plaintiffs, and cases in which plaintiffs seek to represent a class of others alleged to be similarly situated. Among other things, these contingencies, claims, and lawsuits allege or may allege discriminatory or unfair and deceptive loan origination and servicing (including debt collection, foreclosure, and eviction) practices, other common law torts, rights to indemnification and contribution, breach of contract, violations of securities laws, and a variety of federal statutes, including the Truth in Lending Act (TILA), Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Housing Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA), Home Ownership   Equity Protection Act (HOEPA), as well as similar state statutes. Given the impact of the financial crisis on the non-prime mortgage environment, the aggregate volume of these matters is substantial although it is difficult to predict either the likelihood of new matters being initiated or the outcome of existing matters. In many of these matters, including certain of the lawsuits and claims described below, it is not possible to estimate a reasonably possible loss or range of loss due to, among other things, the inherent uncertainties involved in these matters, some of which are beyond the Company's control, and the indeterminate damages sought in some of these matters. 
  On May 31, 2012, a lawsuit was filed by Homeward Residential, Inc. (Homeward) in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, against SCC styled   Homeward Residential, Inc. v. Sand Canyon Corporation   (Index No. 651885/2012). SCC removed the case to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on June 28, 2012 (Case No. 12-cv-5067). The plaintiff, in its capacity as the master servicer for Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-2 and for the benefit of the trustee and the certificate holders of such trust, asserts claims for breach of contract, anticipatory breach, indemnity, and declaratory judgment in connection with alleged losses incurred as a result of the breach of representations and warranties relating to SCC and to loans sold to the trust. The plaintiff seeks specific performance of alleged repurchase obligations or damages to compensate the trust and its certificate holders for alleged actual and anticipated losses, as well as a repurchase of all loans due to alleged misrepresentations by SCC as to itself and as to the loans' compliance with its underwriting standards and the value of underlying real estate. In response to a motion filed by SCC, the court dismissed the plaintiff's claims for breach of the duty to cure or repurchase, anticipatory breach, indemnity, and declaratory judgment. The case is proceeding on the remaining claims. Representatives of a holder of certificates in the trust have requested a pre-motion conference for a proposed motion to intervene to add H R Block, Inc. to the lawsuit to assert claims against H R Block, Inc. based on alter ego, corporate veil-piercing and agency law. We believe we have meritorious defenses to the extent the court allows any such claims to be asserted. We have not concluded that a loss related to this matter is probable, nor have we accrued a liability related to this matter.  
  On September 28, 2012, a second lawsuit was filed by Homeward in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against SCC styled   Homeward Residential, Inc. v. Sand Canyon Corporation   (Case No. 12-cv-7319). The plaintiff, in its capacity as the master servicer for Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-3 and for the benefit of the trustee and the certificate holders of such trust, asserts claims for breach of contract and indemnity in connection with losses allegedly incurred as a result of the breach of representations and warranties relating to 96 loans sold to the trust. The plaintiff seeks specific performance of alleged repurchase obligations or damages to compensate the trust and its certificate holders for alleged actual and anticipated losses. In response to a motion filed by SCC, the  

Table of Contents  

court dismissed the plaintiff's claims for breach of the duty to cure or repurchase and for indemnification of its costs associated with the litigation. On September 30, 2016, the court granted a motion allowing plaintiff to file a second amended complaint to include breach of contract claims with respect to 649 additional loans in the trust and to allow such claims with respect to other loans in the trust proven to be in material breach of SCC s representations and warranties. SCC filed a motion for reconsideration and a motion for leave to appeal the ruling, both of which remain pending. On October 6, 2016, plaintiff filed its second amended complaint. SCC filed a motion to dismiss, which also remains pending. Representatives of a holder of certificates in the trust have requested a pre-motion conference for a proposed motion to intervene to add H R Block, Inc. to the lawsuit to assert claims against H R Block, Inc. based on alter ego, corporate veil-piercing and agency law. We believe we have meritorious defenses to the extent the court allows any such claims to be asserted. A portion of the accrual for representation and warranty claims, as discussed in   note 12  , is related to some of the loans included in the original complaint in this case. We have not concluded that a loss related to this lawsuit is probable, nor have we accrued a liability related to this lawsuit. 
  On April 5, 2013, a third lawsuit was filed by Homeward in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against SCC. The suit, styled   Homeward Residential, Inc. v. Sand Canyon Corporation   (Case No. 13-cv-2107), was filed as a related matter to the September 2012 Homeward suit mentioned above. In this April 2013 lawsuit, the plaintiff, in its capacity as the master servicer for Option One Mortgage Loan Trust 2007-4 and for the benefit of the trustee and the certificate holders of such trust, asserts claims for breach of contract and indemnity in connection with losses allegedly incurred as a result of the breach of representations and warranties relating to   159   loans sold to the trust. The plaintiff seeks specific performance of alleged repurchase obligations or damages to compensate the trust and its certificate holders for alleged actual and anticipated losses. In response to a motion filed by SCC, the court dismissed the plaintiff's claims for breach of the duty to cure or repurchase and for indemnification of its costs associated with the litigation. The case is proceeding on the remaining claims. A portion of the accrual for representation and warranty claims, as discussed in   note 12  , is related to loans in this case. We have not concluded that a loss related to this lawsuit is probable, nor have we accrued a liability related to this lawsuit.  
  Underwriters and depositors are, or have been, involved in multiple lawsuits related to securitization transactions in which SCC participated. These lawsuits allege or alleged a variety of claims, including violations of federal and state securities laws and common law fraud, based on alleged materially inaccurate or misleading disclosures. SCC has received notices of claims for indemnification relating to lawsuits to which underwriters or depositors are party. Based on information currently available to SCC, it believes that the   22   lawsuits in which notice of a claim has been made involve   39   securitization transactions with original investments of approximately   $14 billion   (of which the outstanding principal amount is approximately   $4 billion  ). Because SCC has not been a party to these lawsuits (with the exception of   Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation, et al.  , filed in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois (Case No. 10CH45033) and settled as to SCC in August 2015), and has not had control of this litigation or any settlements thereof, SCC does not have precise information about the amount of damages or other remedies being asserted, the defenses to the claims in such lawsuits or the terms of any settlements of such lawsuits. SCC therefore cannot reasonably estimate the amount of potential losses or associated fees and expenses that may be incurred in connection with such lawsuits, which may be material. Additional lawsuits against the underwriters or depositors may be filed in the future, and SCC may receive additional notices of claims for indemnification from underwriters or depositors with respect to existing or new lawsuits or settlements of such lawsuits. Certain of the notices received included, and future notices may include, a reservation of rights, which are referred to as "reserved contribution rights," that encompasses a right of contribution which may become operative if indemnification is unavailable or insufficient to cover all of the losses and expenses involved. We have not concluded that a loss related to any of these indemnification claims or reserved contribution rights is probable, nor have we accrued a liability related to any of these claims or rights.  
  Securitization trustees also are, or have been, involved in lawsuits related to securitization transactions in which SCC participated. Plaintiffs in these lawsuits allege, among other things, that originators, depositors, servicers or other parties breached their representations and warranties or otherwise failed to fulfill their obligations, including that securitization trustees breached their contractual obligations, breached their fiduciary duties, or violated statutory requirements by failing to properly protect the certificate holders  interests. SCC may receive notices for indemnification with respect to existing or new lawsuits or settlements of such lawsuits in its capacity as originator, depositor, or servicer. We have not concluded that a loss related to any indemnification claims by securitization trustees is probable, nor have we accrued a liability for such claims. 

Table of Contents  

LITIGATION, CLAIMS OR OTHER LOSS CONTINGENCIES PERTAINING TO CONTINUING OPERATIONS     
  Compliance Fee Litigation.   On April 16, 2012, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against us in the Circuit Court of Jackson County, Missouri styled   Manuel H. Lopez III v. H R Block, Inc., et al.   (Case # 1216CV12290) concerning a compliance fee charged to retail tax clients in the 2011 and 2012 tax seasons. The plaintiff seeks to represent all Missouri citizens who were charged the compliance fee, and asserts claims of violation of the Missouri Merchandising Practices Act, money had and received, and unjust enrichment. We filed a motion to compel arbitration of the 2011 claims. The court denied the motion. We filed an appeal. On May 6, 2014, the Missouri Court of Appeals, Western District, reversed the ruling of the trial court and remanded the case for further consideration of the motion. On March 12, 2015, the trial court denied the motion on remand. We filed an additional appeal. On March 8, 2016, the appellate court affirmed the decision of the trial court. We filed an application for transfer of the appeal in the Supreme Court of Missouri, which was denied. We subsequently filed a petition for writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme Court, which remains pending. We have not concluded that a loss related to this matter is probable, nor have we accrued a loss contingency related to this matter.  
  On April 19, 2012, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against us in the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri styled   Ronald Perras v. H R Block, Inc., et al.   (Case No. 4:12-cv-00450-DGK)     concerning a compliance fee charged to retail tax clients in the 2011 and 2012 tax seasons. The plaintiff originally sought to represent all persons nationwide (excluding citizens of Missouri) who were charged the compliance fee, and asserted claims of violation of various state consumer laws, money had and received, and unjust enrichment. In November 2013, the court compelled arbitration of the 2011 claims and stayed all proceedings with respect to those claims. In June 2014, the court denied class certification of the remaining 2012 claims. The plaintiff filed an appeal with the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals, which was denied on June 18, 2015. In January 2016, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint asserting claims of violation of Missouri and California state consumer laws, money had and received, and unjust enrichment, along with a motion to certify a class of all persons (excluding citizens of Missouri) who were charged the compliance fee in the state of California. We subsequently filed a motion for summary judgment on all claims. On April 29, 2016, the court granted our motion for summary judgment on all claims and denied the plaintiff's motion for class certification as moot. The plaintiff filed an appeal with the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals, which remains pending. We have not concluded that a loss related to this matter is probable, nor have we accrued a loss contingency related to this matter.  
  LITIGATION, CLAIMS AND OTHER LOSS CONTINGENCIES PERTAINING TO OTHER DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS     
  Express IRA Litigation.   On January 2, 2008, the Mississippi Attorney General in the Chancery Court of Hinds County, Mississippi First Judicial District (Case No. G 2008 6 S 2) filed a lawsuit regarding our former Express IRA product that is styled   Jim Hood, Attorney for the State of Mississippi v. H R Block, Inc., H R Block Financial Advisors, Inc  .,   et al.   The complaint alleges fraudulent business practices, deceptive acts and practices, common law fraud and breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the sale of the product in Mississippi and seeks equitable relief, disgorgement of profits, damages and restitution, civil penalties and punitive damages. We have not concluded that a loss related to this matter is probable, nor have we accrued a loss contingency related to this matter. 
  Although we sold H R Block Financial Advisors, Inc. (HRBFA) effective November 1, 2008, we remain responsible for any liabilities relating to the Express IRA litigation through an indemnification agreement.  
  OTHER     We are from time to time a party to litigation, claims and other loss contingencies not discussed herein arising out of our business operations. These matters may include actions by state attorneys general, other state regulators, federal regulators, individual plaintiffs, and cases in which plaintiffs seek to represent a class of others similarly situated.  
  While we cannot provide assurance that we will ultimately prevail in each instance, we believe the amount, if any, we are required to pay to discharge or settle these other matters will not have a material adverse impact on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
  We believe we have meritorious defenses to the claims asserted in the various matters described in this note, and we intend to defend them vigorously. The amounts claimed in the matters are substantial, however, and there can be no assurances as to their outcomes. In the event of unfavorable outcomes, it could require modifications to our operations; in addition, the amounts that may be required to be paid to discharge or settle the matters could be  

Table of Contents  

substantial and could have a material adverse impact on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
   
  NOTE 12: LOSS CONTINGENCIES ARISING FROM REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF OUR DISCONTINUED MORTGAGE OPERATIONS    
  SCC ceased originating mortgage loans in December 2007 and, in April 2008, sold its servicing assets and discontinued its remaining operations. 
  Mortgage loans originated by SCC were sold either as whole loans to single third-party buyers, who generally securitized such loans, or in the form of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBSs). In connection with the sale of loans and/or RMBSs, SCC made certain representations and warranties. Claims under these representations and warranties together with any settlement arrangements related to these losses are collectively referred to as "representation and warranty claims." These representations and warranties varied based on the nature of the transaction and the buyer's or insurer's requirements, but generally pertained to the ownership of the loan, the validity of the lien securing the loan, borrower fraud, the loan's compliance with the criteria for inclusion in the transaction, including compliance with SCC's underwriting standards or loan criteria established by the buyer, ability to deliver required documentation, and compliance with applicable laws. Representations and warranties related to borrower fraud in whole loan sale transactions to institutional investors, which were generally securitized by such investors and represented approximately   68%   of the disposal of loans originated in calendar years 2005, 2006 and 2007, included a "knowledge qualifier" limiting SCC's liability to those instances where SCC had knowledge of the fraud at the time the loans were sold. Representations and warranties made in other sale transactions effectively did not include a knowledge qualifier as to borrower fraud. SCC believes it would have an obligation to repurchase a loan only if it breached a representation and warranty and such breach materially and adversely affects the value of the mortgage loan or certificate holder's interest in the mortgage loan.  
  Representation and warranty claims received by SCC have primarily related to alleged breaches of representations and warranties related to a loan's compliance with the underwriting standards established by SCC at origination and borrower fraud for loans originated in calendar years 2006 and 2007. SCC has received claims representing an original principal amount of   $2.6 billion   since May 1, 2008, of which   $1.9 billion   were received prior to fiscal year 2013.  
  SETTLEMENT ACTIONS         SCC has entered into tolling agreements with counterparties that have made a significant portion of previously denied representation and warranty claims. While tolling agreements remain in effect, they toll the running of any applicable statute of limitations related to potential lawsuits regarding representation and warranty claims and other claims against SCC. 
  SCC has engaged in discussions with counterparties since fiscal year 2013 regarding the bulk settlement of previously denied and potential future representation and warranty and other claims against SCC. Based on settlement discussions with counterparties, SCC believes a bulk settlement approach, rather than the loan-by-loan resolution process, will be needed to resolve all of the claims that are the subject of these discussions. SCC has utilized that approach to resolve certain of these claims. On July 13, 2016, SCC entered into a settlement agreement with an additional counterparty to resolve certain additional claims. The amount paid under this settlement agreement was fully covered by prior accruals. In the event that the ongoing efforts to settle are not successful, SCC believes claim volumes may increase or litigation may result. 
  SCC will continue to vigorously contest any request for repurchase when it has concluded that a valid basis for repurchase does not exist. SCC's decision whether to engage in bulk settlement discussions is based on factors that vary by counterparty or type of counterparty and include the considerations used by SCC in determining its loss estimate, described below under "Liability for Estimated Contingent Losses." 
  LIABILITY FOR ESTIMATED CONTINGENT LOSSES         SCC accrues a liability for losses related to representation and warranty claims when those losses are believed to be both probable and reasonably estimable. Development of loss estimates is subject to a high degree of management judgment and estimates may vary significantly period to period. SCC's loss estimate as of   October 31, 2016   is based on the best information currently available, significant management judgment, and a number of factors that are subject to change, including developments in case law and the factors mentioned below. These factors include the terms of prior bulk settlements, the terms expected to result from ongoing bulk settlement discussions, and an assessment of, among other things, historical claim results, threatened claims, terms and provisions of related agreements, counterparty willingness to pursue a settlement, legal standing of  

Table of Contents  

counterparties to provide a comprehensive settlement, bulk settlement methodologies used and publicly disclosed by other market participants, the potential pro-rata realization of the claims as compared to all claims and other relevant facts and circumstances when developing its estimate of probable loss. SCC believes that the most significant of these factors are the terms expected to result from ongoing bulk settlement discussions, which have been primarily influenced by the bulk settlement methodologies used and publicly disclosed by other market participants and the anticipated pro-rata realization of the claims of particular counterparties as compared to the anticipated realization if all claims and litigation were resolved together with payment of SCC's related administration and legal expense. Changes in any one of the factors mentioned above could significantly impact the estimate. 
  The liability is included in deferred revenue and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. A rollforward of SCC's accrued liability for these loss contingencies is as follows: 

On June 11, 2015, the New York Court of Appeals, New York's highest court, held in ACE Securities Corp. v. DB Structured Products, Inc., that the six-year statute of limitations under New York law starts to run at the time the representations and warranties are made, not the date when the repurchase demand was denied. This decision applies to claims and lawsuits brought against SCC where New York law governs. New York law governs many, though not all, of the RMBS transactions into which SCC entered. However this decision would not affect representation and warranty claims and lawsuits SCC has received or may receive, for example, where the statute of limitations has been tolled by agreement or a suit was timely filed. In response to the statute of limitations rulings in the ACE case and similar rulings in other state and federal courts, parties seeking to pursue representation and warranty claims or lawsuits with respect to trusts where the statute of limitations for representation and warranty claims against the originator has run, have sought, and may in the future seek, to distinguish certain aspects of the ACE decision, pursue alternate legal theories of recovery, or assert claims against other contractual parties such as securitization trustees. For example, a recent ruling by a New York intermediate appellate court allowed a counterparty to pursue litigation on additional loans in the same trust even though only some of the loans complied with the condition precedent of timely pre-suit notice and opportunity to cure or repurchase. The trial court in the second Homeward lawsuit against SCC, discussed above in Note 11, followed that ruling and permitted the plaintiff to amend its complaint to include breach of contract claims with respect to 649 additional loans in the trust and to allow such claims with respect to other loans in the trust proven to be in material breach of SCC s representations and warranties. The trial court held that claims with respect to the additional loans sufficiently relate back to the timely-asserted claims and therefore are not barred by the statute of limitations. SCC is seeking reconsideration of, and leave to appeal, that ruling. The impact on SCC from alternative legal theories seeking to avoid or distinguish the ACE decision, or judicial limitations on the ACE decision, is unclear. SCC has not accrued liabilities for claims not subject to a tolling arrangement or not asserted prior to the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.  
  SCC believes it is reasonably possible that future losses related to representation and warranty claims may vary from amounts accrued for these exposures. SCC currently believes the aggregate range of reasonably estimable possible losses in excess of amounts accrued is not material. This estimated range is based on the best information currently available, significant management judgment and a number of factors that are subject to change, including developments in case law and the factors mentioned above. The actual loss that may be incurred could differ materially from our accrual or the estimate of reasonably possible losses. 
  As described more fully in   note 11  , losses may also be incurred with respect to various indemnification claims or reserved contribution rights by underwriters, depositors, and securitization trustees in securitization transactions in which SCC participated. These indemnification claims or reserved contribution rights are frequently not subject to a stated term or limit. We have not concluded that a loss related to any of these indemnification claims or reserved contribution rights is probable, have not accrued a liability for these claims or rights, and are not able to estimate a reasonably possible loss or range of loss for these claims or rights. Accordingly, neither the accrued liability described  

Table of Contents  

above totaling   $25.5 million  , nor the estimated range of reasonably possible losses in excess of the amount accrued described above, includes any possible losses which may arise from these indemnification claims or reserved contribution rights. There can be no assurances as to the outcome or impact of these indemnification claims or reserved contribution rights. In the event of unfavorable outcomes on these claims or rights, the amount required to discharge or settle them could be substantial and could have a material adverse impact on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
  If the amount that SCC is ultimately required to pay with respect to claims and litigation related to its past sales and securitizations of mortgage loans, together with payment of SCC's related administration and legal expense, exceeds SCC's net assets, the creditors of SCC, other potential claimants, or a bankruptcy trustee if SCC were to file or be forced into bankruptcy, may attempt to assert claims against us for payment of SCC's obligations. Claimants may also attempt to assert claims against or seek payment directly from the Company even if SCC's assets exceed its liabilities  .   SCC's principal assets, as of   October 31, 2016  , total approximately   $346 million   and consist primarily of an intercompany note receivable. We believe our legal position is strong on any potential corporate veil-piercing arguments; however, if this position is challenged and not upheld, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.  
   
  NOTE 13: CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
  Block Financial is a 100% owned subsidiary of the Company. Block Financial is the Issuer and the Company is the full and unconditional Guarantor of the Senior Notes, our 2016 CLOC and other indebtedness issued from time to time. These condensed consolidating financial statements have been prepared using the equity method of accounting. Earnings of subsidiaries are, therefore, reflected in the Company's investment in subsidiaries account. The elimination entries eliminate investments in subsidiaries, related stockholders' equity and other intercompany balances and transactions. 

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     Our subsidiaries provide assisted and do-it-yourself (DIY) tax return preparation through multiple channels (including in-person, online and mobile applications, and desktop software) and distribute the H R Block-branded financial products and services of our financial partners. Tax returns are either prepared by H R Block tax professionals (in company-owned or franchise offices or virtually via the internet) or prepared and filed by our clients through our DIY tax solutions. We operate as a single segment that includes all of our continuing operations, which are designed to enable clients to obtain tax preparation and related services seamlessly. 
  RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
  REFUND ADVANCE LOANS     We will offer interest-free Refund Advance loans during the 2017 tax season. The loans will be made available to eligible assisted U.S. tax preparation clients of the Company and participating franchise locations. On October 25, 2016, subsidiaries of the Company entered into a Refund Advance Program Agreement with MetaBank, a federal savings bank (MetaBank), and Specialty Consumer Services, L.P., a Texas limited partnership (SCS), pursuant to which MetaBank will originate Refund Advance loans and SCS will provide technology, software, and underwriting support services. MetaBank and BofI will provide funding for the loans, with BofI also performing certain disbursement and repayment services. The aggregate funding capacity for the loans being provided by MetaBank and BofI was initially   $1.45 billion  , but has subsequently been increased to   $1.65 billion  . 
  The Refund Advance loans will be offered in amounts of   $500  ,   $750   or   $1,250  , based on client eligibility as determined by the loan originator. We will pay loan origination fees to MetaBank based on volume and customer type and expect to pay approximately   $32   to   $36   on average for each funded loan. The loan origination fees are intended to cover expected loan losses and payments to capital providers, among other items. In addition, Block Financial has provided MetaBank and BofI with limited guarantees up to   $73 million   in the aggregate, subject to specified thresholds, which would cover certain incremental loan losses. We expect that only an immaterial amount of the guarantees will be called upon under anticipated loss scenarios. 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  A summary of the financial results for our operations is as follows: 

(1)   
    See "Non-GAAP Financial Information" at the end of this item for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures.  
     Three months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to   October 31, 2015 
  Revenues   increased     $2.9 million  , or   2.3%  , over the prior year. U.S. assisted tax preparation fees declined   $1.1 million  , or   2.9%  , primarily due to lower tax return volumes, which were partially offset by improved rate and mix. 

Table of Contents  

Revenues from our international operations increased   $3.5 million  , or   8.7%  , primarily due to foreign currency exchange rates. 
  Revenues from fees for POM increased   $3.4 million  , or   17.4%  , due to an increase in units sold and changes in the timing of forecasted claims.  
  Total operating expenses   decreased     $22.9 million  , or   6.3%  , from the prior year. Compensation and benefits decreased   $8.3 million  , or   6.7%  , primarily due to reduced headcount in our offices and corporate operations. Occupancy costs increased   $4.0 million  , or   4.3%  , and depreciation and amortization expense   increased     $3.4 million  , or   8.0%  , primarily due to acquisitions of franchisee and competitor businesses. Other expenses   decreased     $20.0 million  , or   24.5%  , primarily due to prior year costs related to changes in our capital structure and the divestiture of H R Block Bank (HRB Bank). We also saw favorable declines in consulting expenses. These reductions were partially offset by higher POM claims.  
  Interest expense on borrowings increased   $8.4 million   due to the issuance of $1.0 billion in Senior Notes in September 2015. Other income decreased   $8.3 million   primarily due to the sale of AFS securities in the prior year of $8.4 million offset by the change in presentation of our mortgage loan portfolio, as discussed in Item 1,   note 9   to the consolidated financial statements.  
  See Item 1,   note 8   to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the impact of income taxes for the period. 

Table of Contents  

(1)   
    See "Non-GAAP Financial Information" at the end of this item for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures.  
     Six   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to   October 31, 2015 
  Revenues   decreased     $9.6 million  , or   3.6%  , over the prior year. U.S. assisted tax preparation fees declined   $2.9 million  , or   4.6%  , primarily due to lower tax return volumes, which were partially offset by improved rate and mix.  
  Revenues in our international operations were up primarily due to foreign currency exchange rates.  
  Revenues from H R Block Emerald Prepaid MasterCard      transactions decreased   $3.8 million  , or   14.9%  , primarily due to our agreement with BofI and lower assisted return volumes.  
  Revenues from fees for POM increased   $2.7 million  , or   5.7%  , due to an increase in units sold and favorable changes in the timing of forecasted claims.  
  Other revenues declined   $8.4 million  , or   32.9%  , primarily due to the presentation of income from our mortgage loan portfolio and investments in AFS securities as other income in the current year rather than as revenue in the prior year. 
  Total operating expenses   decreased     $24.7 million  , or   3.7%  , from the prior year. Compensation and benefits decreased   $8.8 million  , or   3.8%  , primarily due to reduced headcount in our offices and corporate operations. Occupancy costs   increased     $8.6 million  , or   4.7%  , and depreciation and amortization expense   increased     $4.6 million  , or   5.6%  , primarily due to acquisitions of franchisee and competitor businesses. Other expenses   decreased     $25.1 million  , or   17.9%  , primarily due to the prior year including fees related to changes in our capital structure and the divestiture of HRB Bank. We also saw favorable declines in consulting and travel expenses. These reductions were partially offset by additional POM claims. 
  Other income decreased   $5.8 million   primarily due to the sale of AFS securities in the prior year of   $8.4 million   offset by the change in presentation of our mortgage loan portfolio. Other expenses declined   $4.9 million   primarily due to a decrease in foreign currency exchange losses. 
  Interest expense on borrowings increased   $21.3 million  , or   93.7%  , due to the issuance of $1.0 billion in Senior Notes in September 2015, as discussed in Item 1,   note 6   to the consolidated financial statements. 
  See Item 1,   note 8   to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the impact of income taxes for the period. 
   
  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
  Discontinued operations include our discontinued mortgage operations. 
  CONTINGENT LOSSES         SCC has accrued a liability as of   October 31, 2016  , for estimated contingent losses arising from representation and warranty claims of   $25.5 million  . See Item 1,   note 12   to the consolidated financial statements for changes in this accrual. The estimate of accrued loss is based on the best information currently available, significant management judgment, and a number of factors that are subject to change, including developments in case law and other factors. Changes in any one of these factors could significantly impact the estimate.  
  Losses may also be incurred with respect to various indemnification claims by underwriters, depositors and securitization trustees in securitization transactions in which SCC participated. SCC has not concluded that a loss is probable or reasonably estimable related to these indemnification claims, therefore there is no accrued liability for these contingent losses as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  See additional discussion in Item 1A, "Risk Factors" and Item 7, under "Critical Accounting Estimates" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  FINANCIAL CONDITION 
  These comments should be read in conjunction with the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of cash flows included in Part 1, Item 1. 
  CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY       OVERVIEW     Our primary sources of capital and liquidity include cash from operations (including changes in working capital), draws on our 2016 CLOC, and issuances of debt. We use our sources of liquidity primarily to fund working capital, service and repay debt, pay dividends, repurchase shares of our common stock, and acquire businesses.  
  Our operations are highly seasonal and substantially all of our revenues and cash flow are generated during the period from January through April. Therefore, we require the use of cash to fund losses from May through December, and typically rely on available cash balances from the prior tax season and borrowings to meet our off-season liquidity needs. 
  Given the likely availability of a number of liquidity options discussed herein, we believe that, in the absence of any unexpected developments, our existing sources of capital as of   October 31, 2016   are sufficient to meet our operating and financing needs. 

Table of Contents  

DISCUSSION OF CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     The following table summarizes our statements of cash flows for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  . See Item 1 for the complete consolidated statements of cash flows for these periods. 

Operating Activities.   Cash used in operations increased, primarily due to higher restricted cash balances and settlement payments related to representation and warranty claims. 
  Investing Activities.   Cash used in investing activities totaled   $55.8 million   for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to   $365.1 million   provided by investing activities in the prior year period. This change resulted from cash received on our AFS securities in the prior year, offset by a decrease of   $25.7 million   in payments for business acquisitions.  
  Financing Activities.   Cash provided by financing activities totaled   $121.4 million   for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to a use of   $1.4 billion   in the prior year period. Changes in cash from financing activities resulted primarily from share repurchase activity, prior year changes in customer deposit balances and borrowings.  
  CASH REQUIREMENTS     
  Dividends and Share Repurchases.   Returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends and the repurchase of outstanding shares has historically been a significant component of our capital allocation plan. 
  We have consistently paid quarterly dividends. Dividends paid totaled   $96.0 million   and   $110.3 million   for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The decline from the prior year is due to lower outstanding shares as a result of share repurchase activity. Although we have historically paid dividends and plan to continue to do so, there can be no assurances that circumstances will not change in the future that could affect our ability or decisions to pay dividends. 
  In September 2015, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a $3.5 billion share repurchase program, effective through June 2019. As a part of the repurchase program, during the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016  , we purchased   $217.0 million   of our common stock at an average price of   $22.51   per share. See Item 1,   note 2   to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. As of   October 31, 2016  , payment of   $7.1 million   related to   0.3 million   shares had not yet settled and was accrued as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet. Although we may continue to repurchase shares, there is no assurance that we will purchase up to the full board authorization. 
  Capital Investment.   Our business is not capital intensive. Capital expenditures totaled   $44.9 million   and   $38.8 million   for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Our capital expenditures relate primarily to recurring improvements to retail offices, as well as investments in computers, software and related assets. In addition to our capital expenditures, we also made payments to acquire franchisee and competitor businesses totaling   $36.2 million   and   $61.8 million   for the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  FINANCING RESOURCES     Our 2016 CLOC has capacity up to   $2.0 billion  , and is scheduled to expire in September 2021. See Item 1,   note 6   to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the Senior Notes and our 2016 CLOC. Proceeds under the 2016 CLOC may be used for working capital needs or for other general corporate purposes. We were in compliance with our 2016 CLOC covenants as of   October 31, 2016  .  
  We had an outstanding balance of   $475.0 million   under the 2016 CLOC as of   October 31, 2016  . Incremental amounts available to borrow under the 2016 CLOC were limited to approximately   $948 million   as of   October 31, 2016  , in accordance with the covenant requiring a minimum debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 3.50 to 1.00.  

Table of Contents  

The following table provides ratings for debt issued by Block Financial as of   October 31, 2016   and   April 30, 2016  : 

Other than as described above, there have been no material changes in our borrowings from those reported as of   April 30, 2016   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  CASH AND OTHER ASSETS     As of   October 31, 2016  , we held cash and cash equivalents of   $232.5 million  , including   $110.2 million   held by our foreign subsidiaries.  
  In September 2016, our Board of Directors approved a plan to sell our portfolio of mortgage loans. As a result, these loans are presented as held for sale as of   October 31, 2016  . We expect to close and receive cash proceeds in December 2016 for the value of our mortgage loan portfolio and real estate owned of approximately   $190 million  , based on indicative bids received from prospective buyers. We anticipate proceeds from the sale of these mortgage loans will be used for general corporate purposes. 
  Foreign Operations.   Seasonal borrowing needs of our Canadian operations are typically funded by our U.S. operations. To mitigate foreign currency exchange rate risk, we sometimes enter into foreign exchange forward contracts. There were no forward contracts outstanding as of   October 31, 2016  .  
  We do not currently intend to repatriate any non-borrowed funds held by our foreign subsidiaries.  
  The impact of changes in foreign exchange rates during the period on our international cash balances resulted in a decrease of   $4.1 million   during the   six   months ended   October 31, 2016   compared to   $10.9 million   in the prior year.  
  CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS     As discussed further in Item 1,   note 10   to the consolidated financial statements, we have provided limited guarantees under our Refund Advance Program Agreement of up to   $73 million   in the aggregate, subject to specified thresholds.  
  There have been no other material changes in our contractual obligations and commercial commitments from those reported as of   April 30, 2016   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT     On October 5, 2016, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) released its final rules regulating prepaid products (Final Rules). The Final Rules take effect on October 1, 2017, with certain provisions phased in over time following that date. The Final Rules make limited changes from the original proposed rules issued in November 2014, which are discussed in Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   April 30, 2016  .  
  Once effective, the Final Rules will apply to the H R Block Emerald Prepaid MasterCard , EAs, and Refund Advance loans. The Final Rules, among other things: (i) establish disclosures required to be made to consumers prior to establishing or purchasing a prepaid account; (ii) require periodic statements or online access to specified account information; (iii) establish certain overdraft protections similar to those required of credit cards; (iv) impose a 30-day waiting period after the time a consumer registers a new prepaid card before the consumer can be offered a separate credit feature; and (v) prohibit the use of funds in a prepaid account to pay an outstanding credit balance, unless the consumer affirmatively opts in to such repayment. 
  We are in the process of assessing the impact of these changes on the H R Block Emerald Prepaid MasterCard , EAs, and Refund Advance loans, and our consolidated financial statements.  
  There have been no other material changes in our regulatory environment from what was reported as of   April 30, 2016   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Because these measures are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and are susceptible to varying calculations, they may not be comparable to similarly titled measures for other companies. 

Table of Contents  

We consider our non-GAAP financial measures to be performance measures and a useful metric for management and investors to evaluate and compare the ongoing operating performance of our business on a consistent basis across reporting periods, as it eliminates the effect of items that are not indicative of our core operating performance. 
  The following are descriptions of adjustments we make for our non-GAAP financial measures: 
             
    We exclude losses from settlements and estimated contingent losses from litigation and favorable reserve adjustments. This does not include legal defense costs. 
                
    We exclude material non-cash charges to adjust the carrying values of goodwill, intangible assets, other long-lived assets and investments to their estimated fair values. 
                
    We exclude material severance and other restructuring charges in connection with the termination of personnel, closure of offices and related costs. 
                
    We exclude the material gains and losses on business dispositions, including investment banking, legal and accounting fees from both business dispositions and acquisitions. 
                
    We exclude the gains and losses on extinguishment of debt. 
     We may consider whether other significant items that arise in the future should also be excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures. 
  We measure the performance of our business using a variety of metrics, including earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) from continuing operations and adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations, adjusted pretax and net income of continuing operations, and adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations, adjusted pretax and net income from continuing operations, and adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations eliminate the impact of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance and, we believe, provide meaningful information to assist in understanding our financial results, analyzing trends in our underlying business, and assessing our prospects for future performance. We also use EBITDA from continuing operations and pretax income of continuing operations, each subject to permitted adjustments, as performance metrics in incentive compensation calculations for our employees. 
  The following is a reconciliation of EBITDA from continuing operations to net loss: 

Table of Contents  

The following is a reconciliation of our results from continuing operations to our adjusted results from continuing operations, which are non-GAAP financial measures: 

1       Tax effect of adjustments is computed as the pretax effect of the adjustments multiplied by our effective tax rate before discrete items. 
   
  FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
  This report and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) may contain forward-looking statements. In addition, our senior management may make forward-looking statements orally to analysts, investors, the media and others. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words or variation of words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "projects," "forecasts," "targets," "would," "will," "should," "could," "may" or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements provide management's current expectations  

Table of Contents  

or predictions of future conditions, events or results. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements. They may include estimates of revenues, income, earnings per share, capital expenditures, dividends, stock repurchase, liquidity, capital structure or other financial items, descriptions of management's plans or objectives for future operations, services or products, or descriptions of assumptions underlying any of the above. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and reflect the Company's good faith beliefs, assumptions and expectations, but they are not guarantees of future performance or events. Furthermore, the Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions, factors, or expectations, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes, except as required by law. 
  By their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, a variety of economic, competitive, operational and regulatory factors, many of which are beyond the Company's control. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and, consequently, should not consider any such list to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. 
  Details about risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect various aspects of our business are included throughout our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   April 30, 2016   and are also described from time to time in other filings with the SEC. Investors should carefully consider all of these risks, and should pay particular attention to Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and Item 7 under "Critical Accounting Policies" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   April 30, 2016  . 
   
           ITEM 3.  
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     There have been no material changes in our market risks from those reported at   April 30, 2016   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  ITEM 4.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     As of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). The controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING     There were no changes during the last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II    OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see discussion in Part I, Item 1,   note 11   to the consolidated financial statements. 
   
  ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS 
  There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those reported at   April 30, 2016   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  A summary of our purchases of H R Block common stock during the   second   quarter of fiscal year   2017   is as follows: 

(1)   
    We purchased approximately   1 thousand   shares in connection with funding employee income tax withholding obligations arising upon the lapse of restrictions on restricted shares and restricted share units.  
               (2)   
    In September 2015, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a $3.5 billion share repurchase program, effective through June 2019. 
      
  ITEM 3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 6.     EXHIBITS 
  The following exhibits are numbered in accordance with the Exhibit Table of Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 
    
           10.1 
    First Amended and Restated Credit and Guarantee Agreement dated September 22, 2016, by and among Block Financial LLC, H R Block, Inc., the lenders party thereto from time to time, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's current report on Form 8 K filed September 26, 2016, file number 1 06089, is incorporated herein by reference. 
              12.1  
    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges for H R Block, Inc. 
              12.2  
    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges for Block Financial LLC. 
                   101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
              101.CAL 
    XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase 
              101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
              101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
              101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
               H R BLOCK, INC. 
        
      /s/  William C. Cobb 
      William C. Cobb 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      December 8, 2016 
        
      /s/  Tony G. Bowen 
      Tony G. Bowen 
      Chief Financial Officer 
      December 8, 2016 
        
      /s/  Kellie J. Logerwell 
      Kellie J. Logerwell 
      Chief Accounting Officer 
      December 8, 2016 

<EX-12.1>
 2
 hrb20161031exhibit121.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

(a)  One-third of net rent expense is the portion deemed representative of the interest factor. 
    
  Note: In computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges: (a) earnings have been based on income from continuing operations before income taxes and fixed charges (exclusive of interest capitalized) and (b) fixed charges consist of interest expense and the estimated interest portion of rents. Interest expense on uncertain tax positions has been excluded from fixed charges, as it is included as a component of income taxes in the consolidated financial statements. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-12.2>
 3
 hrb20161031exhibit122.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.2

Exhibit 

(a)  One-third of net rent expense is the portion deemed representative of the interest factor. 
    
  Note: In computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges: (a) earnings have been based on income from continuing operations before income taxes and fixed charges (exclusive of interest capitalized) and (b) fixed charges consist of interest expense and the estimated interest portion of rents. Interest expense on uncertain tax positions has been excluded from fixed charges, as it is included as a component of income taxes in the consolidated financial statements. 

</EX-12.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 hrb20161031exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, William C. Cobb, Chief Executive Officer, certify that:  
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of H R Block, Inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
    
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
                     Date: 
    December 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ William C. Cobb 

William C. Cobb 

Chief Executive Officer 
  H R Block, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 hrb20161031exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Tony G. Bowen, Chief Financial Officer, certify that:  
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of H R Block, Inc.; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
    
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
                     Date: 
    December 8, 2016 
      
    /s/ Tony G. Bowen 

Tony G. Bowen 

Chief Financial Officer 
  H R Block, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 hrb20161031exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the quarterly report of H R Block, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10 Q for the fiscal quarter ending   October 31, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, William C. Cobb, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                  /s/ William C. Cobb 
      William C. Cobb 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  H R Block, Inc. 
      December 8, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 hrb20161031exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the quarterly report of H R Block, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10 Q for the fiscal quarter ending   October 31, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Tony G. Bowen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
               /s/ Tony G. Bowen 
      Tony G. Bowen 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  H R Block, Inc. 
      December 8, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 hrb-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 hrb-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 hrb-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 hrb-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 hrb-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hrb-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

