<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1622175_0001144204-16-134403_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1672657</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71311</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>134567</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>287057</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>704283</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>443780</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134403.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114174006
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134403
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARINGTON/HILCO ACQUISITION CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001622175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				471455824
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36832
		FILM NUMBER:		161996422

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888 SEVENTH AVENUE, 17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212)974-5710

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888 SEVENTH AVENUE, 17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134403.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451102_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016 

For the transition
period from  __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 001-36832 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Delaware   
       47-1455824    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification Number)   

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:    (212) 974-5710  

N/A   

 (Former name or former
address, if changed since last report) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes     x
      No        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  
  x       No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large
accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
    accelerated filer       
       
      Accelerated
    filer        
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer       
       
      Smaller
    reporting company    x   
 
      (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes  
  x       No  

As of November 14, 2016, there were 5,661,336 shares of the
Company s common stock issued and outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART
    I.  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      1   

ITEM 1.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      1   

Condensed Balance Sheets   
      1   

Condensed Statements of Operations   
      2   

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   
      3   

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements   
      4   

ITEM 2.  
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      12   

ITEM 3.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      15   

ITEM 4.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      15   

PART II.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      15   

ITEM 1.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      15   

ITEM 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
      15   

ITEM 2.  
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
      15   

ITEM 3.  
       DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
      15   

ITEM 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      15   

ITEM 5.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      15   

ITEM 6.  
       EXHIBITS   
      16   

SIGNATURES   
      17   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

Condensed Balance
Sheets  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

Condensed Statements
of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

Condensed Statements
of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS  

Barington/Hilco Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company ) is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on July 24, 2014. The Company was formed for the purpose
of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar
business combination, with one or more businesses or entities ( Business Combination ). 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
not yet commenced any operations. All activity through September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation, its initial
public offering, which is described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. 

The registration statement for the Company s
initial public offering ( Initial Public Offering ) was declared effective on February 5, 2015. The Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 4,000,000 units ( Units ) at $10.00 per Unit on February 11, 2015, generating gross
proceeds of $40,000,000, which is described in Note 4. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering on February 11, 2015, the Company consummated the sale of 295,000 Units ( Private Units )
at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsors and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. ( EBC ),
generating gross proceeds of $2,950,000, which is described in Note 5. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, an amount of $40,800,000 ($10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Units was placed in a trust account ( Trust Account ) and invested in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ),
with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected
by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (c)(2), (c)(3) and (c)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the 1940 Act, as determined by the
Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as
described below. 

On February 11, 2015, EBC notified the
Company of its election to exercise its over-allotment option to the extent of 293,069 Units. The sale of the additional Units
closed on February 18, 2015 at $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $2,930,690. Following the closing of the over-allotment,
an additional $2,842,769 of net proceeds was placed in the Trust Account, resulting in $43,642,769 (approximately $10.17 per Unit)
held in Trust Account. 

Transaction costs amounted to $1,613,722,
consisting of $1,287,921 of underwriting fees and $325,801 of Initial Public Offering costs. In addition, as of September 30,
2016, cash held outside of the Trust Account amounted to $50,847. 

The Company s management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and Private Units, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company s
Units are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( NASDAQ ). Pursuant to the NASDAQ listing rules, the Company s
Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective fair market value is equal to at least 80%
of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination. There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company, after signing a definitive
agreement for the acquisition of one or more target businesses or assets, may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination
at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for
or against a Business Combination. In the event that the Company is required to seek stockholder approval in connection with a
Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least
$5,000,001 upon such consummation and a majority of the outstanding shares that are voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
In connection with such a vote, the Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity to convert their shares of common
stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination for a pro-rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
approximately $10.17 per share if the Company has not elected to extend the time available to complete a Business Combination,
plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company or necessary
to pay its taxes). The Company s sponsors, officers and directors have agreed, in the event the Company is required to seek
stockholder approval of its Business Combination, to vote their Insider Shares (as defined in Note 7), shares underlying the Private
Units and any public shares held by them, in favor of approving a Business Combination. 

The Company initially had until August
11, 2016 to complete a Business Combination. However the IPO offering documents provide that, if the Company anticipates it may
not be able to consummate a Business Combination by such date, the Company may extend the period of time to consummate a Business
Combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a Business Combination)
( Combination Period ). 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

In order to extend the time available for
the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the
Trust Account $100,000 prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension. On August 8, 2016, the Company elected
to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination for an additional three months ending on November 11, 2016 and,
accordingly, deposited $100,000 into the Trust Account. In order to fund the deposit, the Company obtained loans in the aggregate
amount of $130,000 from affiliates of its sponsors (see Note 6). Subsequently, on November 10, 2016, the Company elected to extend
the period of time to consummate a Business Combination for an additional three months ending on February 11, 2017 and, accordingly,
deposited an additional $100,000 into the Trust Account. In order to fund the second deposit, the Company obtained loans in the
aggregate amount of $100,000 from affiliates of its sponsors (see Note 3). The Company s initial stockholders and their affiliates
or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete its Business Combination.
If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purposes of winding up its affairs; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares which redemption will completely extinguish such holders  rights
as stockholders, including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any; and (iii) as promptly as possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining holders of common stock and the Company s board
of directors, dissolve and liquidate the balance of its net assets to its remaining stockholders, as part of the Company s
plan of dissolution and liquidation. The Company will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from its remaining assets outside
of the Trust Account. If such funds are insufficient, certain of the Company s sponsors have agreed to pay the funds necessary
to complete such liquidation (in an amount not to exceed $15,000) and have agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. 

In connection with the redemption of 100%
of the Company s outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive
a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to the Company for its working capital requirements or necessary to pay the Company s
taxes payable. Holders of rights and warrants will receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation with respect to such
rights and warrants, which will expire worthless. 

NOTE 2. LIQUIDITY AND GOING CONCERN  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had $50,847 in its operating bank accounts, $43,801,384 in cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account to be used
for a Business Combination or to repurchase or convert its common stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficit
of $202,749. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $59,000 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest
income, which is available for working capital purposes and to pay the Company s tax obligations. Since inception, the Company
has not withdrawn any interest income from the Trust Account. 

Until the consummation of a Business Combination,
the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates,
performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire,
and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

The Company may need to raise additional
capital through loans or additional investments from its sponsors, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s
officers, directors and sponsors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever
amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. 

None of the sponsors, stockholders, officers
or directors, or third parties is under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest in, the Company. Accordingly, the Company
may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take
additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending
the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing
will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of
the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

NOTE 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Basis of presentation   

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Certain information or footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for
interim financial reporting. 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Accordingly, they do not include all the
information and footnotes necessary for a comprehensive presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of
a normal recurring nature, which are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows
for the periods presented. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015
as filed with the SEC, which contains the audited financial statements and notes thereto. The financial information as of December
31, 2015 is derived from the audited financial statements presented in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015. The interim results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative
of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any future interim periods. 

Emerging growth company   

The Company is an  emerging growth
company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the  Securities Act ), as modified
by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the  JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards.
The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that
apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out
of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with
another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

Use of estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. 

Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or
set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from
those estimates. 

Cash and cash equivalents   

The amounts held in the Trust Account represent
substantially all of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and proceeds from loans and are classified as restricted assets
since such amounts can only be used by the Company in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination. As of September
30, 2016, cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account consisted of $43,801,384 in United States Treasury Bills with
a maturity date of 180 days or less. 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account   

The amounts held in the Trust Account
represent substantially all of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and are classified as restricted assets since such
amounts can only be used by the Company in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination. As of September 30, 2016,
cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account consisted of $43,801,384 in United States Treasury Bills with a maturity
date of 180 days or less. 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Common stock subject to redemption   

The Company accounts for its common stock
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.  Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a
liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events
not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified
as stockholders  equity. The Company s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside
of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the common stock subject
to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders  equity section of the Company s
balance sheet. 

Net loss per share   

The Company complies with accounting and
disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260,  Earnings Per Share.  Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss
by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Common stock subject to possible redemption
at September 30, 2016 and 2015 has been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per share since such shares, if redeemed,
only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of (1) warrants
sold in the Initial Public Offering and private placement to purchase 2,294,035 shares of common stock, (2) rights sold in the
Initial Public Offering and private placement that convert into 458,807 shares of common stock and (3) 200,000 shares of common
stock, warrants to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock and rights that convert into 20,000 shares of common stock in the unit
purchase option sold to the underwriter, in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants and
the conversion of the rights into shares of common stock is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted
loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented. 

Income taxes   

The Company complies with the accounting
and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes,  which require an asset and liability approach to financial
accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the
financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on
enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition
threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained
upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company is currently
not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position
over the next twelve months. 

The Company may be subject to potential
income tax examinations by federal or state authorities. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount
of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. 

The Company s policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income tax expense. There were no amounts
accrued for penalties or interest as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Concentration of credit risk   

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times may exceed
the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. At September 30, 2016, the Company had not experienced losses on these
accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Fair value of financial instruments   

The fair value of the Company s
assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature. 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Recent accounting pronouncements    

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company's financial
statements. 

Subsequent events   

The Company evaluates subsequent events
and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued. Other than
as described below, the Company did not identify subsequent events that would have required adjustment to or disclosure in the
financial statements. 

On November 10, 2016, the Company elected
to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination for an additional three months ending on February 11, 2017. On
November 10, 2016, the Company entered into promissory notes ( Second Extension Promissory Notes ) with affiliates
of its sponsors for an aggregate amount of $100,000 in order to fund the deposit required to extend the date by three months by
which it must complete its Business Combination. The Second Extension Promissory Notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and
due on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination or (ii) the dates in which the Company
determines not to proceed with a Business Combination. 

NOTE 4. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING  

In February 2015, the Company sold an
aggregate of 4,293,069 Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit in the Initial Public Offering. Each Unit consists of one
share of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value ( Common Stock ), one right ( Public Right )
and one redeemable Common Stock purchase warrant ( Public Warrant ). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth
(1/10) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination (see Note 8). Each Public Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one-half share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $12.50 per whole share (see Note 8). 

NOTE 5. PRIVATE PLACEMENT  

Simultaneously with the Initial Public
Offering, the Company s sponsors and EBC purchased 295,000 Private Units (285,000 Units by the Company s sponsors
and 10,000 Units by EBC) at a price of $10.00 per Unit ($2,950,000 in the aggregate) from the Company in a private placement.
The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. 

The Private Units are identical to the
Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except for the private warrants ( Private Warrants ), as described in Note
8. In addition, the holders of the Common Stock underlying the Private Units have agreed (a) to vote such shares in favor of a
Business Combination, (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation with respect to the Company s pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of such Business
Combination, unless the Company provides dissenting stockholders with the opportunity to convert such shares in connection with
any such vote, (c) not to convert such shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve the Company s proposed Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders  rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (d)
that such shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated.
Additionally, the holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except
to certain permitted transferees and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees
of the Insider Shares must agree to) until the completion of the Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination, the Private Warrants and the Private Rights will expire worthless. 

NOTE 6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Insider Shares   

In September and October 2014, the Company
issued an aggregate of 1,150,000 shares of Common Stock to its sponsors (the  Insider Shares ) for an aggregate purchase
price of $25,000. The 1,150,000 Insider Shares included an aggregate of up to 150,000 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent
that the underwriters  over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Company s sponsors would collectively
own 20% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (excluding the shares underlying
the Private Units). As a result of the underwriters  election to exercise their over-allotment option to purchase 293,069
Units on February 11, 2015, 73,267 Insider Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The underwriters elected not to exercise
the remaining portion of the over-allotment option; accordingly, 76,733 Insider Shares were forfeited. 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

Administrative Services Agreement   

The Company entered into an Administrative
Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company paid Barington Capital Group, L. P., an affiliate of James A. Mitarotonda, the
Company s Chairman of the Board, a total of $7,500 per month for office space, utilities and support commencing on February
11, 2015. Upon the completion of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company would cease paying these
monthly fees. The Company ceased being charged and paying these fees effective January 1, 2016. Administrative fees in the amount
of $0 and $22,500 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0 and $52,500 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are included in operating costs in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. 

Promissory Notes   

On August 9, 2016, the Company entered
into promissory notes ( Extension Promissory Notes ) with affiliates of its sponsors for an aggregate amount of $130,000
in order to fund the deposit required to extend the date by three months by which it must complete its Business Combination and
to fund working capital requirements. The Extension Promissory Notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier
of (i) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the Company determines not to
proceed with a Business Combination. As of September 30, 2016, the amounts owed under the Extension Promissory Notes amounted to
$130,000. 

As more fully discussed in Note 3, on November
10, 2016, the Company entered into Second Extension Promissory Notes with affiliates of its sponsors for an aggregate amount of
$100,000 in order to fund the deposit required to extend the date by three months by which it must complete its Business Combination. 

In order to meet the Company s working
capital needs following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s sponsors, officers and directors
or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount
they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes either would be paid
upon consummation of the Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes
may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional Private Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit. 

NOTE 7. COMMITMENTS   CONTINGENCIES  

Registration Rights   

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement
entered into on February 5, 2015, the holders of the Insider Shares, as well as the holders of the Private Units (and underlying
securities) and any shares the Company s sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working
capital loans made to the Company, are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to two demands that the Company register such securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, EBC may only exercise such
demand rights on one occasion. The holders of a majority of the Insider Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights
at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of Common Stock are to be released from escrow. The
holders of a majority of the Private Units or shares issued in payment of working capital loans made to the Company can elect
to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders
have certain  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to the registration statements filed subsequent to the
consummation of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such
registration statements. 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement   

The Company has engaged EBC as an advisor
in connection with its Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its stockholders to discuss the potential
Business Combination and the target business  attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested
in purchasing the Company s securities, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination
and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will
pay EBC a cash fee for such services upon consummation of the Business Combination in an amount equal to 4% of the total gross
proceeds raised in the Initial Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders  fee which might become payable) and
the Company has the option to pay up to 25% of the 4% fee with shares of the Company s Common Stock priced at $10.00 per
share. 

Legal Matters   

The Company has engaged a law firm to
assist the Company with its legal matters in identifying, negotiating, and consummating a Business Combination, as well as assisting
with other legal matters. In the event of a successful Business Combination, the amount of fees to be paid will be agreed upon
between the Company and the law firm in light of all the facts and circumstances at that point in time. If a Business Combination
does not occur, the Company will not be required to pay this contingent fee. Management is unable to determine the amount of the
legal fees to be paid at this time. There can be no assurance that the Company will complete a Business Combination. 

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 8. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Preferred Stock     -
  The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share in one or
more series. The Company s board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers,
preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. At September 30, 2016, there are no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock     -  
On January 28, 2015, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation increasing the number of authorized
shares of Common Stock from 8,500,000 shares to 11,000,000 shares. Holders of the Company s Common Stock are entitled to
one vote for each common share. At September 30, 2016, there were 1,878,200 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding (excluding
3,783,136 shares of Common Stock subject to possible redemption). 

Rights -   Each holder of
a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder
of such right converted all shares of Common Stock held by him, her or it in connection with the Business Combination or an amendment
to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation with respect to the Company s pre-Business Combination
activities. 

No additional consideration will be required
to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional shares of Common Stock upon consummation of a
Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in
the Initial Public Offering. 

The number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the conversion of the rights may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights.
Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

Warrants -   Public Warrants
may only be exercised for a whole number of shares of Common Stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public
Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) 12
months from the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Initial Public Offering. No Public Warrants will
be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if a registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective
within 90 days from the consummation of the Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the
Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption
from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public
Warrants will expire three years after the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Private Warrants are identical to
the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except the Private Warrants are exercisable for
cash (even if a registration statement covering the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrants is not effective)
or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and are not redeemable by the Company, in each case so long as they are
still held by the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees. 

The Company may call the warrants for
redemption (excluding the Private Warrants but including any outstanding warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option
issued to EBC), in whole and not in part, at a price of $.01 per warrant: 

at any time while the Public Warrants are exercisable,   

upon not less than 30 days  prior written
    notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder,   

if, and only if, the reported last sale price
    of the Common Stock equals or exceeds $17.50 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the
    third business day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and   

if, and only if, there is a current registration
    statement in effect with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for
    the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.   

BARINGTON/HILCO
ACQUISITION CORP.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30,
2016  

  (Unaudited)  

If the Company calls the Public Warrants
for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a
 cashless basis.  

The exercise price and number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock
dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances
of Common Stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle
the warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company follows the guidance in ASC
820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial
assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. 

The fair value of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection
with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks
to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable
inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy
is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets
and liabilities: 

Level 1:  
      Quoted prices in
    active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions
    for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.   

Level 2:  
      Observable inputs
    other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
    and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.   

Level 3:  
      Unobservable inputs
    based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.   

The following table presents information
about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

References in this report to  we, 
 us  or the  Company  refer to Barington/Hilco Acquisition Corp. References to our  management 
or our  management team  refer to our officers and directors, and references to the  Sponsor  refer to
holders of our insider shares. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of
operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report.
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those expected and projected. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without
limitation, statements in this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as  expect,   believe,   anticipate,   intend, 
 estimate,   seek  and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current
beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please
refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2015 filed
with the SEC. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.
Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview  

We were formed on July 24, 2014 for the
purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other
similar business combination with one or more target businesses. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our Initial
Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Units, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and
debt, in effecting a Business Combination. The issuance of additional shares of Common Stock or preferred stock in a Business
Combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest
    of existing stockholders;   

may subordinate the rights of holders of Common
    Stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our Common Stock;   

could cause a change of control if a substantial
    number of shares of our Common Stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating
    loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;   

may have the effect of delaying or preventing
    a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and   

may adversely affect prevailing market prices
    for our Common Stock, rights and/or warrants.   

Similarly, if we issue debt securities,
it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our
    cash flows after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;   

acceleration of our obligations to repay the
    indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the
    maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of such covenants;   

our immediate repayment of all principal and
    accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and/or   

our inability to obtain necessary additional
    financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security
    is outstanding.   

We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

We initially had until August 11, 2016
to complete a Business Combination. However, the IPO offering documents provide that, if we anticipate that we may not consummate
a Business Combination by such date, we may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times, each
by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a Business Combination). In order to extend the time
available for us to consummate a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or their affiliates or designees must deposit into
the Trust Account $100,000 prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension. On August 8, 2016, we elected to extend
the period of time to consummate a Business Combination for an additional three months ending on November 11, 2016 and, accordingly,
deposited $100,000 into the Trust Account. Subsequently, on November 10, 2016, we elected to extend the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination for an additional three months ending on February 11, 2017 and, accordingly, deposited an additional $100,000
into the Trust Account. 

Results of Operations  

We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any revenues to date. All activity from inception to September 30, 2016 relates to our formation, our Initial Public
Offering and private placement and the identification and evaluation of prospective candidates for a Business Combination. Since
the completion of our Initial Public Offering, we have not generated any operating revenues and will not generate such revenues
until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash
and marketable securities held, which we expect to be insignificant in view of the low yields on short-term government securities.
We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we had a net loss of $32,146 and $218,059, respectively, mainly consisting of target identification expenses and operating
costs, offset by interest income on cash and marketable securities held in our Trust Account. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, we had a net loss of $224,677 and $336,302, respectively, mainly consisting of operating costs and expenses, offset
by interest income on cash and marketable securities held in our Trust Account. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

On February 11, 2015, we consummated our
Initial Public Offering of 4,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $40,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private sale of an aggregate of 295,000 Units at a price of
$10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $2,950,000. Following the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our underwriters
elected to exercise their over-allotment option to the extent of 293,069 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of $2,930,690. We received net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering, sale of the Private Units and sale of the over-allotment
Units of $44,266,968, net of $1,287,921 cash paid for underwriting fees and $325,801 cash paid for offering costs. An aggregate
of $43,642,769 was placed into a Trust Account, while the remaining funds of $624,199 were placed in an account outside of the
Trust Account for working capital purposes. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash
and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $43,801,384 (including approximately $59,000 of interest income) consisting
of cash and U.S. treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be
available to us for working capital purposes and to pay taxes. Through September 30, 2016, we did not withdraw any funds from
the interest earned on the Trust Account. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash
of $50,847 held outside the Trust Account, which is available for use by us to cover the costs associated with identifying a target
business and negotiating a business combination and other general corporate uses. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, we had
accounts payable and accrued expenses of $149,693. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, cash used in operating activities amounted to $178,589, resulting from a net loss of $218,059, interest earned on cash and
securities held in the Trust Account of $54,701 and changes in our operating assets and liabilities of $94,171. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, cash used in operating activities amounted to $225,236, mainly resulting from a net loss of $336,302
and a changes in our operating assets and liabilities of $113,351. 

We intend to use substantially all of
the funds held in the Trust Account (less amounts used for working capital purposes and to pay taxes) to complete our Business
Combination. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our Common Stock authorized and
outstanding after the completion of the Initial Public Offering, to be approximately $32,900. Our annual income tax obligations
will depend on the amount of interest income earned in the Trust Account. We do not expect the interest earned on the amount in
the Trust Account will be sufficient to pay all of our tax obligations. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used,
in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will
be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue
our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds held outside
the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners,
structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination, and to pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on the Trust Account
is not sufficient to pay our taxes. 

If our estimates of the costs of identifying
a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an Initial Business Combination are less than the actual
amounts necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Initial Business Combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Initial Business Combination or because we become
obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Initial Business Combination, in which case
we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Initial Business Combination. Subject to compliance with
applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Initial Business Combination.
If we are unable to complete an Initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will
be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Initial Business Combination, if cash
on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

On August 9, 2016, we entered into Extension
Promissory Notes with affiliates of our sponsors for an aggregate amount of $130,000 in order to fund the deposit required to extend
the date by which we must complete a Business Combination to November 11, 2016 and to fund working capital requirements. On November
10, 2016, we entered into Second Extension Promissory Notes with affiliates of our sponsors for an aggregate amount of $100,000
in order to fund the deposit required to extend the date by which we must complete a Business Combination to February 11, 2017.
The Extension Promissory Notes and Second Extension Promissory Notes are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier
of (i) the date on which we consummate a Business Combination or (ii) the date which we determine not to proceed with a Business
Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Business Combination, our sponsors, officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would be paid upon consummation of a Business
Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation
of a Business Combination into additional Private Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit. 

Our sponsors are not under any obligation
to advance us funds, or to invest in us. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise
additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily
be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of our business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide
any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements  

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial
assets. 

Contractual obligations  

We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay Barington Capital Group,
L.P., an affiliate of our Chairman, a monthly fee of $7,500 for office space, utilities and administrative support provided to
us. We began incurring these fees on February 11, 2015 and ceased incurring these fees effective January 1, 2016. 

Significant Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following significant accounting policy: 

Common stock subject to possible
redemption   

We account for our Common Stock subject
to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 480  Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.  Common Stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument
and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that
are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders  equity.
Our Common Stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the Common Stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders  equity section of our balance sheet. 

Recent accounting pronouncements   

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company's financial
statements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

The net proceeds of our Initial Public
Offering, the sale of the Private Units and the sale of the over-allotment units held in the Trust Account are invested in U.S.
government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature
of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

Disclosure controls and procedures are
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon his evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting   

There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER
INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Factors that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those in this report are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse
effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Report, there have been no material
changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report filed with the SEC, except we may disclose changes to such factors
or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS  

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated
by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

*  
      Filed herewith.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

BARINGTON/HILCO ACQUISITION CORP.    

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/
    Cory Lipoff     

Name: Cory Lipoff  
     Title: Chief Executive Officer  
     (Principal Executive Officer and  
     Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31>
 2
 v451102_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Cory Lipoff, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Barington/Hilco Acquisition Corp.; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)           [Omitted
pursuant to the transition period exemption for newly public companies]; and 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

(d)           Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)           All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)           Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/
    Cory Lipoff  

Cory Lipoff  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and   

Principal Financial and Accounting
    Officer)   

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 v451102_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. 1350  

  (SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)  

I, Cory Lipoff, Chief Executive Officer
of Barington/Hilco Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best
of my knowledge: 

1.           the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.           the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Cory Lipoff  

Cory Lipoff  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and   

Principal Financial and Accounting
    Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 bhacu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bhacu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bhacu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bhacu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bhacu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bhacu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

