<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161205_10-Q_edgar_data_1353406_0001615774-16-008717_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2116454</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70758</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>154805</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>365007</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>834575</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>646735</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008717.hdr.sgml : 20161205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161205171507
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008717
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RedHawk Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353406
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				203866475
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54323
		FILM NUMBER:		162034495

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3753 PENNRIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63044
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-344-1920

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3753 PENNRIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63044

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Independence Energy Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oliver Creek Resources Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008717.txt : 20161205

10-Q
 1
 s104714_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016  

or  

Commission File Number 000-54323  

RedHawk
    Holdings Corp.    
 
      (Exact name of registrant as
    specified in its charter)   

Nevada   
       
       20-3866475    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction
    of  
     incorporation or organization)  
       
      (IRS Employer  
     Identification No.)   

219 Chemin
    Metairie Road   

Youngsville, Louisiana   
       
       70592    
 
      (Address of principal executive
    offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

(337) 269-5933  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes         No   x  

On November 1, 2016, 357,072,547 shares of
common stock, par value 0.001 per share, were outstanding. 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

   Form
10-Q   

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page
    No.    

PART
    I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Unaudited
    Consolidated Financial Statements   
      3   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      3   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      4   

Unaudited
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
     5  

Notes to
    the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   
     6  

Item 2.  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      14   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      18   

Item 4.  
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      18   

PART
    II - OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      1 9  

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      19   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      19   

Item 3.  
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities   
      19   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety
    Disclosures   
      19   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      19   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      20   

Signatures   
       
      22   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item
1. UNAUDITED Consolidated Financial Statements.   

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements 

REDHAWK HOLDINGS CORP.  

  Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  September 30, 2016  

1.      NATURE
                                         OF OPERATIONS AND CONTINUANCE OF BUSINESS   

RedHawk Holdings Corp. (formerly
Independence Energy Corp.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 30, 2005 under the name  Oliver Creek Resources
Inc.  At inception, we were organized to acquire, explore and develop natural resource properties in the United States.  Effective
August 12, 2008, we changed our name from  Oliver Creek Resources Inc.  to  Independence Energy Corp. 
and opened for trading with the Over-the Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol  IDNG.  Effective October 13, 2015,
by vote of a majority of the Company s stockholders, the Company s name was changed from  Independence Energy
Corp.  to  RedHawk Holdings Corp.  

On March 31, 2014, the Company
acquired the exclusive right to distribute certain medical devices and changed the focus of its operations to include medical
device distribution. We have expanded our operations to include specialized financial services, pharmaceutical sales, commercial
real estate leasing and investment, and a specialized security system. 

Currently, we are a diversified
holding company which, through our subsidiaries, is engaged in sales and distribution of medical devices, sales of branded generic
pharmaceutical drugs, commercial real estate investment and leasing, sales of point of entry full-body security systems, and specialized
financial services. Through its medical products business unit, the Company sells WoundClot Surgical - Advanced Bleeding Control,
the Disintegrator  Insulin Needle Destruction Unit, the Carotid Artery Digital Non-Contact Thermometer and Zonis . Its
real estate leasing revenues are generated from a commercial property under a long-term lease. Additionally, the Company s
real estate investment unit holds limited liability company interest in a commercial restoration project in Hawaii. The Company s
financial service revenue is from brokerage services earned in connection with debt placement services. RedHawk Energy Corp.,
LLC holds the exclusive U.S. manufacturing and distribution rights for the Centri Controlled Entry System, a unique, closed cabinet,
nominal dose transmission full body x-ray scanner. 

Going Concern  

These financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern without
further financing. Currently, the Company must continue to realize its assets to discharge its liabilities in the normal course
of business. The Company has generated minimal revenues to date and has never paid any dividends on its common stock and is unlikely
to pay any common stock dividends or generate significant earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. 

For the year ended
June 30, 2016, the Company had $29,450 in revenue,  a net loss of $1,267,960, and cash of $1,172,960 used in
operating activities. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company had a consolidated net loss of $187,175 and used
$244,019 of cash in operating activities. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash of  $340,680, a working capital
deficit of $96,598 and an accumulated deficit of $2,869,426. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent
upon the continued financial support from its stockholders, the ability to raise equity or debt financing, and the attainment
of profitable operations from the Company s businesses in order to discharge its obligations. These factors
raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do
not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of
liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

2.      SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis of Presentation  

The unaudited interim condensed financial statements
of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included herein have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). 
The year-end condensed balance sheet dated as of June 30, 2016 is audited and is presented here as a basis for comparison. Although
the financial statements and related information included herein have been prepared without audit, and certain information and
disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, the Company
believes that the note disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading.  These unaudited condensed
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K as of June 30, 2016.  In the opinion of our management,
the unaudited interim financial statements included herein reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments,
considered necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows
for the periods presented. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results expected
for the full year or any future period. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries in which we have a controlling voting interest   50%
or more. To determine if we hold a controlling financial interest in an entity, we first evaluate if we are required to apply
the variable interest entity model ( VIE ) to the entity, otherwise the entity is evaluated under the voting interest
model. 

Where we hold current
or potential rights that give us the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the
VIE s economic performance combined with a variable interest that gives us the right to receive potentially significant
benefits or the obligation to absorb potentially significant losses, we have a controlling financial interest in that VIE.
Rights held by others to remove the party with power over the VIE are not considered unless one party can exercise those
rights unilaterally. When changes occur to the design of an entity, we reconsider whether it is subject to the VIE model.
We continuously evaluate whether we have a controlling financial interest in a VIE. In the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
the Company reassessed the activities of EcoGen Europe Ltd. (EcoGen ), and concluded that EcoGen is a VIE and the
Company has the power to direct the activities of EcoGen and we have concluded that we are the primary beneficiary of EcoGen.
Therefore, we have consolidated herein the accounts of EcoGen. 

All material intercompany
accounts have been eliminated upon consolidation. Certain prior year amounts are sometimes reclassified to be consistent with
the current year financial statement presentation. Equity investments, which we have an ownership greater than 20% but less than
50% through which we exercise significant influence over but do not control the investee and we are not the primary beneficiary
of the investee s activities, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Equity investments, which we have
an ownership less than 20%, are recorded at cost. 

Use of Estimates  

The financial
statements and related notes are prepared in conformity with GAAP which requires our management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The
Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to valuation and impairment of investments and long-lived
assets, and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances.
The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that it
believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other
sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company s
estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of
operations will be affected. 

Revenue Recognition  

We derive revenue
from several types of activities   medical device sales, commercial real estate leasing and financial services. Our
medical device sales include the marketing and distribution of certain professional and consumer grade digital
non-contact thermometers, needle destruction unit and advanced bleeding control, non-compression hemostasis. Our real estate
leasing revenues are from certain commercial properties under long-term lease. The financial service revenue is from
brokerage services earned in connection with debt placement services. The Company offers customer discounts in certain cases.
Such discounts are estimated at time of product sale and deducted from gross revenues and recorded as deferred revenue. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

We consider highly liquid
investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. 

Marketable Securities  

We determine the
appropriate classification of our marketable securities at the time of purchase and reassess the appropriateness of the
classification at each reporting date. At June 30, 2016, all marketable securities held by the Company have been classified
as available-for-sale and, as a result, are stated at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are determined
on a specific identification basis. Interest and dividend income is recorded when it is earned and deemed realizable by the
Company. At June 30, 2016, the fair value of the marketable securities on hand, which consisted entirely of widely recognized
publicly-traded securities, was $339,032. Gross unrealized loss on the fair market value of the marketable securities was
$38,860 as of June 30, 2016.  As of June 30, 2016, we had trade date receivables of $302,288 recorded which was related
to a sale of securities that had a trade date prior to June 30, 2016 and a settlement date after that date. At September 30,
2016, the Company holds only $25,016 in marketable equity securities which was subsequently sold in October 2016. 

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivables are amounts
due from customers of our pharmaceutical, medical device and our financial services divisions. The amount is reported at the billed
amount, net of any expected allowance for bad debts. There was no allowance for doubtful accounts as of September 30, 2016 and
June 30, 2016. 

Inventory  

Inventory consist of purchased
thermometers and advanced bleeding control, non-compression hemostasis held for resale and are stated at the lower of cost or
net realizable value utilizing the first-in, first-out method. 

Property and Improvements  

Property and improvements
are stated at cost. We provide for depreciation expense on a straight line basis over each asset s useful life depreciated
to their estimated salvage value. Buildings are depreciated over a useful life of 20 years. Building improvements are depreciated
over a useful life of 5 to 10 years. 

Income Taxes  

Potential benefits of income
tax losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company has adopted Accounting Standard
Codification (which we refer to as  ASC ) 740,  Income Taxes,  as of its inception. Pursuant to ASC 740, the
Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward. The potential benefits of net operating
losses have not been recognized in these financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more likely than not
it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward in future years. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related
to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense in the period they are incurred. The Company does not believe that it has any
uncertain tax positions. The Company has not filed any corporate tax returns since its inception. 

Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share  

The Company computes net loss
per share in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share,  which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings
per share (EPS) on the face of the statement of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net loss available to common shareholders
(numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to
all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and the convertible notes and
the convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing Diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period
is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS
excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had 7,452,959
potentially dilutive shares from our warrants issued in connection with the November 2014 private equity sale. At September 30,
2016, there were 36,666,666 shares issuable upon conversion of the notes. Also at June 30, 2016, there were potentially 82,666,666
shares issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, there were potentially 125,000,000 shares issuable
upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred stock. The shares to be issued upon conversion of the warrants and the shares issuable
from the conversion of the notes and the Series A and Series B Preferred stock have been excluded from earnings per share calculations
because these shares are anti-dilutive. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, 3,726,480 warrants were exercised. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

ASC 220,  Comprehensive
Income , establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive loss and its components in the financial statements.
During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company had $38,860 of other comprehensive loss resulting from the unrecognized loss
on marketable securities. During the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had no items that represented
other comprehensive income or loss. 

Financial Instruments  

Pursuant to ASC 820,  Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures , an entity is required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective
evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value
hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs
into the following three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1.    Level
1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2.    Level
2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in
markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant
inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level 3.    Level
3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to
the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The Company
had marketable securities with a fair market value of $339,032 and $25,016 at June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016,
respectively, which are all publicly traded securities with quoted prices in active markets. The fair value is based on
Level 1 assumptions. 

The Company s
financial instruments consist principally of cash, marketable securities, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, debt, and
amounts due to related parties. Pursuant to ASC 820 and ASC 825, the fair value of our cash is determined based on
 Level 1  inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. 

We believe that the recorded
values of all of our other financial instruments approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective
maturity dates or durations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Revenue Recognition  

In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (which we refer to as the  FASB ) issued new guidance intended to change the criteria for
recognition of revenue. The new guidance establishes a single revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers, eliminates
industry specific requirements and expands disclosure requirements. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should
recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, an entity
should apply the following five steps: (1) identify contracts with customers, (2) identify the performance obligations in the
contracts, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation in the contract,
and (5) recognize revenue as the entity satisfies performance obligations. In July 2015, the FASB permitted early adoption and
deferred the effective date of this guidance one year; therefore, it will be effective for the Company in the first quarter of
fiscal 2019 and may be implemented retrospectively to all years presented or in the period of adoption through a cumulative adjustment.
We are currently evaluating what impact the adoption of this guidance would have on our financial position, results of operations,
cash flows and disclosures. 

Going Concern  

In August 2014, the FASB issued
guidance on disclosures of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The guidance requires
management s evaluation of whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. This assessment
must be made in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period. Management s
evaluation should be based on the relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date the financial
statements are issued. If conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going
concern, but this doubt is alleviated by management s plans, the entity should disclose information that enables the reader
to understand what the conditions or events are, management s evaluation of those conditions or events and management s
plans that alleviate that substantial doubt. If conditions or events raise substantial doubt and the substantial doubt is not
alleviated, the entity must disclose this in the footnotes. The entity must also disclose information that enables the reader
to understand what the conditions or events are, management s evaluation of those conditions or events and management s
plans that are intended to alleviate that substantial doubt. The amendments are effective for annual periods and interim periods
within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We do not expect that adoption will have a material impact on our
financial position, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 

Debt Issuance Costs  

In April 2015, the FASB issued
new guidance which requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value
of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount. The new guidance does not affect the recognition
and measurement of debt issuance costs. Therefore, the amortization of such costs will continue to be calculated using the interest
method and be reported as interest expense. The new guidance does not specifically address, and therefore does not affect, the
balance sheet presentation of debt issuance costs for revolving debt arrangements. This new guidance is effective for the Company
in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and will be applied on a retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements
that have not been previously issued. To date, our debt issuance cost of $40,675 as of September 30, 2016 and $34,791 as
of June 30, 2016 has not been significant. As the Company continues to raise capital to execute its growth strategy, the use of
debt in the future may have additional issuance costs to be accounted for under this guidance. 

Leases  

In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which amended guidance for lease arrangements in order to increase transparency and comparability
by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity's leasing activities. The revised guidance
requires reporting entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially all lease arrangements.
The new guidance is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 and will be applied on a modified retrospective
basis beginning with the earliest period presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on
our consolidated financial statements. 

3.      OTHER
                                         ASSETS   

On March 23, 2016, RedHawk
Pharma UK Ltd acquired a 25% equity interest in EcoGen Europe Ltd (which we refer to as  EcoGen ) from Scarlett Pharma
Ltd (which we refer to as  Scarlett ). The Company has agreed to issue to Scartlett up to 100 million restricted shares
of common stock of the Company. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, 10 million shares were issued to Scarlett at closing
with an additional 90 million shares (which we refer to as the  Earnout Shares ) to be issued and vested pro rata
as EcoGen reports audited EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization). The issuance and vesting of
the Earnout Shares will occur annually based upon audited results of EcoGen and will conclude with the earlier of EcoGen attaining
cumulative EBITDA of $100 million or seven years from the closing date. 

Additionally, during the
seven-year period commencing on the closing date, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to increase its ownership
position in EcoGen up to a maximum of 49% of the entire capital of EcoGen. Should the Company exercise its option to increase
its ownership position, the Company will issue to Scarlett, pro rata, up to an additional 100 million restricted shares of the
common stock of the Company. 

Concurrent with the execution
of the purchase agreement, the Company entered into a consultancy agreement with Scarlett for the marketing and distribution in
the United Kingdom and, where available, other European and Middle East countries, certain medical device products offered by
RedHawk Medical Products UK Ltd. 

In the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, the Company reassessed the activities of EcoGen, and concluded that EcoGen is a VIE and the Company has
the power to direct the activities of EcoGen and we have concluded that we are the primary beneficiary of EcoGen. Therefore,
beginning with quarter ended September 30, 2016, we have consolidated the accounts of EcoGen in our financial statements. 

On September 26, 2016,
the Company announced it had agreed to acquire up to a 25% interest in Marlin USA Energy Partners, LLC, the minority owner of
Tigress Energy Partners, LLC. As of the date of this report, the Company has made a $70,000 cash investment related to this agreement. 

4.    LOAN AND
                                         INSURANCE NOTE PAYABLE  

We finance a portion of
our insurance premiums. At September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance due on our premium finance agreements was $36,495.  

5.    DUE TO RELATED
                                         PARTY  

Effective September 30,
2016, the Company entered into a $100,000 Commercial Note Line of Credit (which we refer to as the  Line of Credit )
with a stockholder and officer of the Company to evidence prior indebtedness and provide for future borrowings. The advances are
used to fund our operations. 

The Line of Credit accrues
interest at 5% per annum and matures on December 31, 2017. At maturity, or in connection with a pre-payment, subject to the conditions
set forth in the Line of Credit, the stockholder has the right to convert the amount outstanding (or the amount of the prepayment)
into the Company s Series A Preferred Stock at the par value of $1,000 per share. 

At September 30, 2016,
the principal balance plus accrued interest totaled $15,100.  

6.    LONG-TERM
                                         DEBT, DEBENTURES AND LINE OF CREDIT  

We have authorized the
issuance of up to $1 million in principal amount of convertible promissory notes (which we refer to as the  Convertible
Notes ). The Convertible Notes are secured by certain Company real estate holdings and real estate holdings of a stockholder.
The Convertible Notes mature on the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance and are convertible into shares of our common stock
at a price of $0.015 per share. Interest accrues at a rate of 5% per annum and is payable semi-annually. Beginning 180 days after
issuance of the Convertible Notes, the Company has the option to issue a notice of its intent to redeem, for cash, an amount equal
to the sum of (a) 120% of the then outstanding principal balance, (b) accrued but unpaid interest and (c) all liquidated damages
and other amounts due in respect of the Convertible Notes. The Company may only issue the notice of its intent to redeem the Convertible
Notes if the trading average of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 300% of the conversion price during each of
the five business days immediately preceding the date of the notice of intent to redeem. The holder of the Convertible Notes has
the right to convert all or any portion of the Convertible Notes at the conversion price at any time prior to redemption. At September
30, 2016, there were $550,000 ($412,133 net of deferred financing costs and beneficial conversion option) of Convertible Notes
outstanding which are convertible into our common stock at a conversion rate of $0.015 per share or 36,666,666 shares. 

Our line of credit with
a bank totals $1,000,000 of which $299,174 and $1,000,495 was outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively.
The line of credit is due upon demand and is secured by marketable securities, a corporate guarantee and the guarantee of a stockholder
who is also an officer of the Company. Interest accrues at the rate of one-month LIBOR plus 2.75% and is paid monthly. The interest
rate at September 30, 2016 was 4.78%. Subsequent to September 30, 2016 the outstanding balance on the line of credit was paid
in full. 

7.    STOCKHOLDERS 
                                         EQUITY  

Effective on October 13,
2015, we amended and restated our articles of incorporation as previously adopted by a majority vote of our stockholders. The
amended and restated articles of incorporation, among other things, changed our name to RedHawk Holdings Corp., authorized 5,000
shares of Preferred Stock, and increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from 375,000,000 to 450,000,000. 

Preferred Stock  

Pursuant to a certificate
of designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, effective November 12, 2015, 2,750 shares of our authorized
Preferred Stock have been designated as Series A 5% Convertible Preferred Stock, with a $1,000 stated value (which we refer to
as  Series A Preferred Stock ). The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends
at a rate of 5% per annum, payable quarterly in cash, or at the Company s option, such dividends shall be accreted to, and
increase, the stated value of the issued Series A Preferred Stock (which we refer to as  PIK ). Holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock are entitled to votes on all matters submitted to stockholders at a rate of ten votes for each share of common
stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. After nine months from issuance, each share of Series A Preferred
Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into the number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient of the stated
value, as adjusted for PIK dividends, by $0.015, as adjusted for stock splits and dividends. 

Pursuant to a certificate
of designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, effective February 16, 2016, 1,250 shares of our authorized
Preferred Stock have been designated as Series B 5% Convertible Preferred Stock, with a $1,000 stated value (which we refer to
as  Series B Preferred Stock ). The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends
at a rate of 5% per annum, payable quarterly in cash, or at the Company s option, such dividends shall be accreted to, and
increase, the stated value of the issued Series B Preferred Stock (which we refer to as  PIK ). Holders of the Series
B Preferred Stock are entitled to votes on all matters submitted to stockholders at a rate of ten votes for each share of common
stock into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. After nine months from issuance, each share of Series B Preferred
Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into the number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient of the stated
value, as adjusted for PIK dividends, by $0.01, as adjusted for stock splits and dividends. 

Warrants  

During November 2014,
we completed a private equity sale of 14,905,918 shares of common stock generating proceeds of $49,900. As a component of this
private equity sale, 7,452,959 warrants to acquire common stock of the Company were also issued with an exercise price of $0.005
per share. During the three month period ended September 30, 2016, no warrants were exercised and 7,452,959 warrants remain outstanding.
Subsequent to September 30, 2016, 3,726,480 of the warrants were exercised.  

8.    INCOME
                                         TAXES  

As of June 30, 2016,
the Company had approximately $2,400,000 of net operating losses carried forward to offset taxable income in future years
which expire commencing in fiscal 2026 and run through 2036. The related deferred income tax asset of these net operating
losses is estimated to be $800,000 as of June 30, 2016 based on statutory federal income tax rates in effect. Such amounts
have increased slightly as of September 30, 2016. However, there is no net tax asset recorded as of September 30 or June
30, 2016 as a 100% valuation allowance has been established for the tax benefit generated. At September 30, 2016 and June 30,
2016, the Company had no uncertain tax positions. 

The Company accounts for
interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax provisions in the current period statement of operations, as necessary. The Company
has never filed a tax return. In order to utilize the available net operating loss carryforwards, the Company will need to prepare
and file all tax returns since its inception. The Company s tax years from inception are subject to examination. 

Due to our history of
operating losses and the uncertainty surrounding the realization of the deferred tax assets in future years, our management has
determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. Accordingly, the
Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. 

9.    SEGMENT
                                         INFORMATION  

SFAS No. 131,   Disclosures
About Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information,   requires that companies disclose segment data based on how
management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and measuring their performance. Currently, we conduct our businesses
in three operating segments   Land   Hospitality, Medical Device and Pharmaceutical, and Other Services. Our Land  
Hospital and Other Services business units operate in the United States. Our Medical Device and Pharmaceutical business unit currently
operates primarily in the United Kingdom. All remaining assets, primarily our corporate offices and investment portfolio, are
located in the United States. The segment classified as Corporate includes corporate operating activities that support the executive
offices, capital structure and costs of being a public registrant. These costs are not allocated to the operating segments when
determining profit or loss. The following table reflects our segments as of September 30, 2016 and for the quarter then ended. For the quarter ended September 30, 2015, we did not have separately identifiable segments. 

The Company
evaluates subsequent events through the time of our filing on the date we issue our financial statements, which was on
December 5, 2016. The following are matters which occurred subsequent to September 30, 2016: 

On October 25, 2016, the Company announced that it had received pre-market
clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the sale of its Sharps and Needle Destruction Device in the United States;                                                                                                                                                        

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance on our line of credit was paid in full.  

Item 2.        Management s
                                         Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are all statements
other than statements of historical facts. The words  may,   can,   will   should, 
 plans,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   projects,   targets, 
 intends,   potential,   proposed,  and any similar expressions are intended to identify those
assertions as forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are predictions and are inherently
uncertain. Actual performance and results may differ materially from that projected or suggested herein due to certain risks and
uncertainties. In evaluating forward-looking statements, you should consider the various factors which may cause actual results
to differ materially from any forward-looking statements, including the risks below and those listed in the  Risk Factors 
section of our latest 10-K report: 

Changes in the
                                         effects of the significant level of competition that exists in the medical device distribution
                                         industry, or our inability to attract customers for other reasons.   

The unexpected
                                         cost of regulation applicable to our industry, and the possibility of future additional
                                         regulation.   

Our lack of
                                         insurance coverage in the event we incur an unexpected liability.   

Our lack of
                                         a proven operating history and the possibility of future losses that are greater than
                                         we currently anticipate.   

The possibility
                                         that we may not be able to generate revenues or access other financing sources necessary
                                         to operate our business.   

Our inability
                                         to attract necessary personnel to run and market our business.   

The volatility
                                         of our stock price.   

Changes in the
                                         market prices for our products, or our failure to perform or renew the distribution agreement
                                         for our products.   

Our failure
                                         to execute our growth strategy or enter into other lines of business that we may identify
                                         as potentially profitable for our company.   

Changes in economic
                                         and business conditions.   

Changes in accounting
                                         policies and practices we may voluntarily adopt or that we may be required to adopt under
                                         generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.   

Although we believe that the exceptions reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict the occurrence of those matters or the manner
in which they may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Therefore, you should not rely on these forward-looking
statements as of any date subsequent to the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview   

RedHawk Holdings Corp. was incorporated in
the State of Nevada on November 30, 2005 under the name  Oliver Creek Resources, Inc . At its inception, we were an
exploration stage company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resources. We discontinued our oil
and gas operations in 2014 and changed our business focus. Currently, we are a diversified holding company which, through our
subsidiaries, is engaged in sales and distribution of medical devices, sales of branded generic pharmaceutical drugs, commercial
real estate investment and leasing, sales of point of entry full-body security systems, and specialized financial services. Through
its medical products business unit, the Company sells WoundClot Surgical - Advanced Bleeding Control, the Disintegrator 
Insulin Needle Destruction Unit (the  Disintegrator ), the Carotid Artery Digital Non-Contact Thermometer and Zonis .
Its real estate leasing revenues are generated from a commercial property under a long-term lease. Additionally, the Company s
real estate investment unit holds limited liability company interest in a commercial restoration project in Hawaii. The Company s
financial service revenue is from brokerage services earned in connection with debt placement services. RedHawk Energy holds the
exclusive U.S. manufacturing and distribution rights for the Centri Controlled Entry System, a unique, closed cabinet, nominal
dose transmission full body x-ray scanner. 

Working Capital   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Operating Revenues   

During the quarter ended December 31,
2015, we commenced operations in our financial services and commercial real estate leasing business units. On December 31, 2015,
our medical device business unit completed the acquisition of certain specialized tangible and intangible medical devices. On
March 23, 2016, RedHawk Pharma UK Ltd acquired a 25% equity interest in EcoGen Europe Ltd, a United Kingdom based distributor
of branded generic pharmaceuticals. Sales of our medical devices and branded generic pharmaceuticals commenced during the quarter
ending September 30, 2016. Prior to the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we had earned minimal revenue. 

For the three month period ended
September 30, 2016, gross and net revenues from our pharmaceutical products and medical devices totaled $489,530 and
$230,952, respectively. Revenues in both business units are expected to continue to improve as market acceptance of our
products increases. 

Operating Expenses and Loss from Continuing
Operations   

For the three months ended September
30, 2016, we incurred a net loss of $187,175 or $nil per share compared with a loss of $108,404 or $nil per share for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the loss was primarily attributable to (i) sales discounts offered
to customers in connection with the initial marketing of our pharmaceutical products; (ii) non-recurring transaction
costs incurred in connection with certain pending acquisitions;and (iii) certain litigation costs incurred in connection
with claims against certain investors from the November 2015 private equity raise and the pursuit of claims against
the Company s former professional, along with more complex regulatory filings completed during the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Operating expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were $380,175 compared with $113,154 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of
$267,021 was principally due to a $69,455 increase in sales and marketing expenses, a $56,735 increase in professional fees,
and a $58,183 increase in general and administrative expenses for the reasons discussed above. During the three month period
ended September 30, 2016, the Company also had $65,648 of costs of goods sold and $32,314 of other operating
expenses incurred in connection with certain business activities in the September 30, 2016 three month period that did not
exist in the comparable period ended September 30, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and
cash equivalents of $340,680 compared with $727,631 at June 30, 2016. Additionally, at June 30, 2016, we had $339,032 of marketable
securities compared with $25,016 at September 30, 2016. 

During the three month period ended September
30, 2016, we completed the funding of $210,000 of new convertible notes. With the available proceeds from the notes, combined
with available cash and proceeds from the sale of our marketable securities, we paid down the outstanding balance under our line
of credit. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the remaining balance outstanding under the line of credit was paid in full. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, as we commenced sales of our pharmaceutical products and medical devices, we continued to focus on recapitalizing our balance
sheet and reducing cash outlays for recurring operating costs. During the quarter, we also used available cash to acquire pharmaceutical
and medical device inventories and finance increase business activity. 

At September 30, 2016, we had total assets
of $3,409,876 compared with $3,638,816at June 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016, we had total liabilities
of $2,196,278 compared with $2,342,427 at June 30, 2016. The decrease in total liabilities was principally due to the reduction
of the outstanding balance due underthe line of credit which was partially offset by an increase in convertible notes payable 

Cash Flows   

Cash Flow from Operating Activities   

During the three month period ended September
30, 2016, $244,019 of cash was used in our operating activities as compared to $25,542 in the comparable three month period ended
September 30, 2015. Changes to our operating activities are sporadic and result from the early stage of implementation of our business
strategies that are supported by capital raising activities. 

For the three month period
ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a net loss of $187,175. We have consolidated the financial operations of EcoGen Europe
Ltd. EcoGen commenced sales of its branded generic drugs and specials during this three month period. As a result of this
increased business activity, our accounts receivables increased approximately $274,000, our inventories increased
approximately $108,000 and our prepaid expenses and deposits increased $67,000. These increases were partially offset with
approximately $259,000 of deferred revenues as a result of this
increased sales activity. 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities   

During the three month
period ended September 30, 2016, we received approximately $342,000 from the sale of marketable securities. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities   

During the three month period ended
September 30, 2016, we received $210,000 from the issuance and sale our convertible debentures and $15,100 from advances from
a related party under a line of credit agreement. The proceeds from the convertible debentures, combined with the proceeds
from the sale of the marketable securities and available cash, was used to reduce the principal balance on our line of credit
by approximately $701,000. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the remaining balance on the line of credit was paid in full. 

Going Concern   

We have not attained profitable
operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive acquisitions and activities. For these reasons,
there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern without further financing. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 

Future Financings   

We will continue to rely on financial support
from our stockholders and our ability to raise equity capital or debt financing in order to continue to fund our business operations.
Issuances of additional shares and debt instruments convertible into shares of our stock will result in dilution to existing stockholders.
There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing
to fund our operations and other activities. 

Use of Estimates and Critical Accounting
Policies   

Our financial statements and accompanying
notes have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting periods. 

We regularly evaluate the accounting policies
and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies is included in the notes to
our financial statements. In general, our management s estimates are based on historical experience, information from third
party professionals, and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual
results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

We have implemented all new
accounting pronouncements that are in effect and applicable to us. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on
the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and we do not believe that there are any other new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
Pending accounting pronouncements that are effective for future periods are discussed in Note 2 to our unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

ITEM 3.     QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

As a smaller reporting company, we are not
required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 4.     CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES.  

Management s Report on Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

The Company maintains disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of the end of the quarter covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded,
in light of material weaknesses in our internal controls, that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Company has a limited number of employees
and, as such, all cash receipts and disbursements are controlled by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Therefore,
segregation of duties surrounding certain processes are not adequately maintained. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   

During the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1 .        LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.  

Other than as described below, we know of
no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or
pending litigation. Other than as described below, there are no proceedings in which our director, officer or any affiliates,
or any registered or beneficial stockholder, is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

On August 5, 2015, the Company made application
with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) for permission to change the Company s name and our
ticker symbol from IDNG to HAWC. On October 13, 2015, we amended our articles of incorporation with the Secretary of State of
the State of Nevada to change the Company s name from  Independence Energy Corp.  to  RedHawk Holdings
Corp.  

On November 5, 2015, we received a notice
from FINRA that they declined our request as being  deficient and necessary for the protection of investors. 
The FINRA decision was based on previously resolved allegations against Daniel J. Schreiber, our former Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Schreiber continues to beneficially own approximately 9.2% of our common stock.  

As of the date of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, the Company is subject to a pending legal proceeding in the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of New York (the  Court ) (Case No. 15-cv-06532 ADS).  On February 3, 2016, an Amended Complaint was filed by
American Medical Distributors, Inc. ( AMD ), on behalf of the stockholders of the Company and as the plaintiff, against
the following defendants: the Company, Saturna Group Chartered Accountants, LLP ( Saturna ), the Company s former
accountants, PLS CPAs ( PLS ), the Company s former registered public accounting firm, and MacDonald Tuskey ( MacDonald ),
the Company s former securities attorneys.  Pursuant to the Amended Complaint, AMD alleges that the defendants assisted
the Company s former management in overstating the disclosed valuation of the Company s ownership interest in certain
oil and gas leases and wells, thus resulting in irreparable damage to the Company and its stockholders.  Such allegations
are based on that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2014, by and between AMD and the Company. The petition demands
 trial by jury  and seeks damages, jointly and severally, from the defendants of not less than $700,000. 

The Company has filed an original and amended
answer to the petition including defenses, counterclaims, cross-claims and interpleader claims. In its filings, the Company asserted
multiple defenses to AMD s claims and also named Gregory Rotelli, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, as
a Defendant. The Company otherwise denied it owed any liability to AMD and asserted, in the alternative, that if it were to be
found liable to AMD for any damages, then the other defendants were liable to the Company for those damages. Finally, the Company
asserted proper venue for the action was the Southern District of New York, and if the case should go forward, it should be transferred
there. 

The Court has now entered a Memorandum
of Decision   Order. It has dismissed the claims against Saturna and PLS for a lack of jurisdictional venue. The Court transferred
the claims against MacDonald, Gregory Rotelli and the Company to the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York. At this point, the Company has not yet determined if it will continue pursuing of claims against Saturna and PLS in another
jurisdictional venue. 

ITEM 1A.     RISK
FACTORS.  

As a smaller reporting company, we are not
required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 2.     UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.  

None. 

ITEM 3.     DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.  

None. 

ITEM 4 .        MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.         OTHER
INFORMATION.  

None. 

ITEM 6.     EXHIBITS.  

The following exhibits are either filed herewith
or incorporated herein by reference: 

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*  
      Filed herewith.   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

REDHAWK
    HOLDINGS CORP.    

(Registrant)    

Dated: December 5, 2016  
       /s/ Thomas J. Concannon    

Thomas J. Concannon    

Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated: December 5, 2016  
       /s/ G. Darcy Klug    

G. Darcy Klug    

Chief Financial Officer and Director   

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104714_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Thomas J. Concannon, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (formerly Independence Energy Corp.);   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 5, 2016 

/s/ Thomas J. Concannon   

Thomas J. Concannon  

Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104714_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, G. Darcy Klug, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (formerly Independence Energy Corp.);   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 5, 2016 

/s/ G. Darcy Klug   

G. Darcy Klug   

Chief Financial Officer and Director 
         ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104714_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Thomas J. Concannon, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (formerly Independence Energy Corp.)
for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (formerly Independence Energy Corp.).   

Dated: December 5, 2016 

/s/ Thomas J. Concannon    

Thomas J. Concannon   

Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

RedHawk Holdings Corp. (formerly Independence Energy Corp.).   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to RedHawk Holdings Corp. and will be retained
by RedHawk Holdings Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 s104714_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, G. Darcy Klug, hereby certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (formerly Independence Energy Corp.)
for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of RedHawk Holdings Corp. (formerly Independence Energy Corp.).   

Dated: December 5, 2016 

/s/ G. Darcy Klug    

G. Darcy Klug   

Chief Financial Officer and Director 
         (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

RedHawk Holdings Corp. (formerly Independence Energy Corp.).   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to RedHawk Holdings Corp. and will be retained
by RedHawk Holdings Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 idng-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 idng-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 idng-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 idng-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 idng-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 idng-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

