<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161020_10-K-A_edgar_data_933972_0001575705-16-000187_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2498394</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>144069</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>159570</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>533543</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>944572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>653450</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001575705-16-000187.hdr.sgml : 20161020
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161020165913
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575705-16-000187
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161020
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			POWERVERDE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000933972
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORS & GENERATORS [3621]
		IRS NUMBER:				880271109
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27866
		FILM NUMBER:		161944792

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21615 N. 2ND AVENUE
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		623-780-3321

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21615 N. 2ND AVENUE
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VYREX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951206

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001575705-16-000187.txt : 20161020

10-K/A
 1
 pwvi_10ka.htm
 FORM 10-K/A

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K/A   

   (Amendment
No. 1)    

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES    

  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015   

Commission File No. 000-27866  

PowerVerde, Inc.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)   

(305) 666-0024  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: None  

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes         No     

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes         No     

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes         No     

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes         No     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.   Disclosure not contained. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer   

Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer   

Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes         No     

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the stock was sold, or the average
bid and ask prices of such stock equity, as of June 30, 2015, the last business day of the issuer s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter: $4,100,000. 

As of March 30, 2016, the number of outstanding
shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the registrant was 31,750,106. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

None. 

Explanatory Note  

The purpose of Amendment No. 1 on Form
10-K/A to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-K ), is to correct the scrivener s error in the date of
the reference to period ended date in the Section 906 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, from December 31, 2014 to December 31, 2015 in both of Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 of the Form 10-K. 

No other changes have been made to the
Form 10-K. This Amendment No. 1 speaks as of the original filing date of the Form 10-K and does not reflect events that may have
occurred subsequent to the original filing date. This Amended Report restates only those portions of the Form 10-K affected by
the above noted changes. This Amended Report includes currently-dated certifications of the Company s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

PowerVerde, Inc.   

  Annual Report on Form 10-K   

  Year Ended December 31, 2015   

  INDEX  

Page  

PART I  
      
     1  

ITEM 1. 
      BUSINESS.  
     1  
 
     ITEM 1B. 
      UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.  
     11  
 
     ITEM 2. 
      PROPERTIES.  
     12  
 
     ITEM 3. 
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  
     12  
 
     ITEM 4. 
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  
     12  

PART II  
      
     13  

ITEM 5. 
      MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.  
     13  
 
     ITEM 6. 
      SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.  
     14  
 
     ITEM 7. 
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  
     14  
 
     ITEM 7A. 
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  
     17  
 
     ITEM 8. 
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.  
     17  
 
     ITEM 9. 
      CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.  
     17  
 
     ITEM 9A. 
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  
     17  
 
     ITEM 9B. 
      OTHER INFORMATION.  
     18  

PART III  
      
     19  

ITEM 10. 
      DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.  
     19  
 
     ITEM 11. 
      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.  
     21  
 
     ITEM 12. 
      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.  
     23  
 
     ITEM 13. 
      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.  
     24  
 
     ITEM 14. 
      PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.  
     24  

PART IV  
      
     24  

ITEM 15. 
      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.  
     24  

i    

PART I 

ITEM 1.  
        BUSINESS.   

General 

Vyrex Corporation ( Vyrex  or the
 Company ) was incorporated in Nevada in 1991 and operated as a research and development stage company seeking to discover
and develop pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals and cosmeceuticals for the treatment and prevention of respiratory, cardiovascular
and neurodegenerative diseases and conditions associated with aging (the  Biotech Business ). The Biotech Business
was unsuccessful and, as a result, the Company ceased material operations relating to that business in October 2005; however, the
Company retained its intellectual property rights and contract rights relating to that business (the  Biotech IP ).
On October 17, 2005, the Company reincorporated in Delaware. 

On February 11, 2008, Vyrex, PowerVerde, Inc.
( PowerVerde ) and Vyrex Acquisition Corporation ( VAC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vyrex, all Delaware
corporations, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, on February 12, 2008, VAC merged with and into PowerVerde, with PowerVerde remaining as the surviving corporation and
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vyrex (the  Merger ). As consideration for the Merger, as of the closing of the Merger,
each issued and outstanding share of common stock of PowerVerde was converted into the right to receive 1.2053301 shares of the
common stock of Vyrex and each share of VAC was converted into one share of PowerVerde common stock. As a result of the Merger,
the former shareholders of PowerVerde hold 95% of the common stock of Vyrex. 

On August 6, 2008, at a special meeting of shareholders,
Vyrex s name was changed to  PowerVerde, Inc.  Simultaneously, the name of our operating company, PowerVerde,
Inc., was changed to  PowerVerde Systems, Inc.  

In March 2009, we sold all of the Biotech IP
other than existing licensing contract rights to Dr. Edward Gomez, a pre-Merger investor in PowerVerde and now a shareholder
of the Company. In exchange for the assignment of the Biotech IP to him, Dr. Gomez agreed to (i) pay all future costs and expenses
relating to the Biotech IP, including, but not limited to, patent fees, license fees and legal fees, and (ii) pay to the Company
20% of all net revenues received from the sale and/or licensing of any of the Biotech IP. 

Please note that the information provided below
relates to the combined company after the Merger. Since our operations after the Merger consist solely of PowerVerde operations,
except where the context otherwise requires, references throughout this Report hereafter to  PowerVerde,   we, 
 us,   our  and the  Company  will mean or refer to PowerVerde s business and operations. 

The Company is a Delaware corporation formed
in March 2007 by George Konrad and Fred Barker, who remain our two largest stockholders. Mr. Konrad served as an officer and director
of the Company until October 2012. Mr. Barker served as an officer and director until January 2015. See Item 10  Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.  The Company was formed in order to further develop, commercialize and market
a series of unique electric generating power systems designed to produce electrical power with zero emissions or waste byproducts,
based on a patented pressure-driven motor and related organic pressure-driven cycle components. The design of the motor was conceived
by Mr. Barker in January 2001. Mr. Barker previously had a working relationship with Mr. Konrad and enlisted Mr. Konrad and his
manufacturing expertise, together with Mr. Barker s own engineering expertise, to co-develop the motor. As a research and
development company, we have tested and continue to test other style drivers as well. 

1   

An initial prototype of the motor was created
and tested in early 2002, and, based on positive test results, Messrs. Barker and Konrad concluded that the concept could lead
to a commercial product. A new design was developed in early 2007, which resulted in a motor that produced more torque and horsepower,
as well as being easier to mass produce. The prototype was tested extensively, and substantial tooling and engineering with CAM/CNC
programming was completed at the facility of Mr. Konrad s company, Arizona Research and Development ( ARD ),
for the possibility of an eventual mass production model. 

Based on data learned from these earlier prototypes,
PowerVerde has manufactured three 25/50kW motors and additional next generation motors or drivers as well. The Company has been
testing these devices on a more powerful and advanced organic pressure-driven cycle (OPDC) referred to as the Liberator. During
2009, the Company also built and tested a 100kW pressure-driven motor at another machining and manufacturing facility, Global Machine
Works, in Arlington, WA. These two related but distinct systems are designed for two different markets. The 25/50kW system uses
low-grade heat (waste heat) as a fuel source, expanding a working fluid thereby driving the motor/generator, while the 100kW system
(without organic rankine cycle ( ORC ) or organic pressure driver cycle ( OPDC ) systems), uses wasted
energy (pressure) from natural gas pipeline and wellhead infrastructures to drive the motor/generator and create electric power.
In early 2010, our Board of Directors created two separate product lines: waste heat/solar organic rankine cycle powered systems;
and gas pipeline/wellhead waste energy recovery systems. Because the markets and customers for these two systems are entirely different
and the design and manufacturing are geographically separate, we believe that this bifurcation will result in a more streamlined
and efficient business structure. The development of the natural gas pipeline system has been suspended due to our decision to
dedicate our limited human and financial resources to commercialize our waste heat/solar thermal system, which we believe has more
near term potential. 

In January 2011, we entered into a Binding Letter
of Intent for European Distribution (the  BLOI ) with Newton Investments BV, a Dutch corporation based in Leeuwarden,
Netherlands ( Newton ). Pursuant to the BLOI, Newton purchased one Liberator system for a discounted price of $130,000,
which was delivered in July 2011. In September 2011, we entered into a definitive License Agreement with Newton as contemplated
by the BLOI. Under the Agreement, Newton was designated, for a period of 10 years, to be the exclusive manufacturer and distributor
of our proprietary emissions-free electrical power generation systems (the  Systems ) in the 27 countries which are
currently members of the European Union, subject to Newton achieving minimum sales of at least 100 Systems per year, beginning
in the second year of the Agreement. Pursuant to the Agreement, we were entitled to a royalty equal to 20% of the gross sale price
of each System sold by Newton. We authorized Newton to manufacture our Systems under a strict licensing agreement with a Dutch
foundry and machine shop, Autonational BV, based in Ijlst, Netherlands, and capable of producing hundreds of units per year. Of
the 27 European Union nations, we focused initially on the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and the Scandinavian countries. 

Despite our initial optimism, the PowerVerde
driver (motor) failed to demonstrate sufficient capacity for the uninterrupted hours of operation required for commercial performance.
Due to the ongoing technical problems, Newton did not sell any of our Systems and, in August 2014, Newton terminated the License
Agreement. 

We have addressed the pending technical issues,
and we believe that by year end 2016 we will be able to deliver a commercial device capable of operation for 25,000 hours (almost
three years) without major mechanical failure. There can be no assurance, however, that these technical issues will be resolved
or that any of our Systems will ever be commercially viable. 

2   

In November 2011, we entered into a binding
letter of intent for the acquisition of all of the membership interests in Cornerstone Conservation Group LLC, Scottsdale, Arizona
( Cornerstone ). The acquisition was consummated pursuant to a definitive agreement executed in March 2012. Cornerstone s
main asset is its proprietary Combined Cooling, Heating and Power ( CCHP ) technology, which utilizes waste heat from
commercial and residential heating, ventilation air conditioning and refrigeration ( HVACR ) systems. Cornerstone also
has substantial experience and technology relating to geothermal or ground source heat pumps. 

As consideration for the Cornerstone acquisition,
we issued (i) a total of 2,250,000 restricted shares of our common stock to Cornerstone s members, Bryce Johnson ( Johnson ),
Paul Kelly ( Kelly ) and Vincent Hils ( Hils ) in the amounts of 1,575,000, 337,500 and 337,500 shares,
respectively, (ii) 10,000 restricted shares to a Cornerstone employee, and (iii) three-year warrants to purchase 150,000
shares each to Johnson and Kelly at exercise prices of $2.00-$4.00 per share. In November 2011, Johnson joined our Board of Directors,
and in January 2012 we moved our operations to a facility in Scottsdale, Arizona, owned by Johnson. See  Item 2 - Properties. 
Johnson also became our chief operating officer in January 2012. Johnson resigned from his officer and director positions in March
2013. As a result of Johnson s resignation, Management decided to impair the goodwill entirely as of December 31, 2012. We
continue to operate our laboratory and test the Liberator within Mr. Johnson s facility, where several infrastructure upgrades
have been completed. There can be no assurance that our good relationship with Mr. Johnson regarding use of his facility will continue.
See Item 2  Properties.  

We believe that Cornerstone s technology
is complementary to PowerVerde s platform and existing markets   mainly through the conversion of thermal energy
into electric power generation. While we believe that the Cornerstone acquisition brings substantial opportunities for synergy,
there can be no assurance that the acquisition will prove successful. 

Our focus for the remainder of 2016 is to commercialize
our waste heat power systems in our Phoenix facility for eventual commercial deployment. We plan to complete our development and
testing by mid-year 2016 and have a market-ready system by year end; however, there can be no assurance that we will meet this
timetable or ever have a market-ready system. We continue discussions with certain manufacturers of integrated components and service
providers in the oil/natural gas industries, methane plants, as well as with electric utility companies and government entities.
There can be no assurance that any manufacturing, distribution or marketing agreements will be successfully consummated or executed
or that we will ever achieve material sales. 

Employees 

We currently have one full-time employee: Mark
Prinz based in Scottsdale, Arizona. Mark was hired in 2011. Our chief engineer, Hank Leibowitz, was hired pursuant to a part-time
consulting agreement in October 2012. 

Patents 

Messrs. Barker and Konrad together obtained
U.S. Patent No. 6,840,151 for a  push-push type fluid pressure actuated motor,  which was issued on January 11, 2005.
On June 6, 2007, Messrs. Barker and Konrad and the Company s predecessor, PowerVerde, LLC, permanently and exclusively assigned
to PowerVerde all rights to the patent and the other intellectual property relating to the PowerVerde systems. On July 16, 2008,
Messrs. Barker and Konrad filed U.S. Patent application No. 61/081,298 for a  system to produce electricity using waste energy
in natural gas pipelines.  This application was assigned to the Company; however, it was abandoned in 2009 because we decided
to replace it with a new and improved provisional patent application regarding the natural gas pipeline technology. Mr. Barker
filed on behalf of PowerVerde a new provisional patent application regarding this technology on April 7, 2010. On October 17, 2008,
Mr. Konrad and Mr. Brian K. Gray filed U.S. Patent application No. 12/253,580 for a  low temperature organic rankine cycle
system.  This application was assigned to the Company. There can be no assurance that these patents will be issued or maintained. 

3   

In late 2010, we began filing several provisional
patents covering our new organic pressure-driven cycle technology. In January 2011, we hired the inventor of this technology, Keith
Johnson, as a specialist in advanced pressure-driven systems. He has assigned to PowerVerde his patent application in this field,
U.S. Patent Application 61/424,249 filed on December 17, 2010. There can be no assurance that these patents will be issued or maintained. 

Pursuant to the Cornerstone acquisition, we
acquired all rights to U.S. Patent Application No. 12,749,416 filed on March 29, 2010, entitled  Solar Photovoltaic
Closed Fluid Loop Evaporation Tower.  This application was filed by Bryce Johnson as inventor and assigned to Cornerstone
in connection with the acquisition. There can be no assurance that this patent will be issued or maintained. 

On June 25, 2015, our consultant Hank Leibowitz
assigned to PowerVerde his U.S. Patent No. 62/172,616, issued on June 8, 2015 for a system and method using high temperature sources
in Rankine cycle power systems. We have agreed to pay Mr. Leibowitz a 2% royalty for any and all revenues of products and/or project
sales by us based on this patent. 

We expect to file additional patent applications
pertaining to our advanced organic pressure driven cycle later in 2016. There can be no assurances that we will be able to do so
or that any patents will be issued based on these applications. 

Product Description 

The 2007 advanced generation PowerVerde motor,
with its related organic rankine cycle (ORC) system, produced 10kW of net power. Our subsequent larger 25/50kW waste heat/solar
design was a next generation system. This system was designed to be installed in single- or multiple-stacked units for businesses,
factories, or any waste heat or solar application such as schools, hospitals, ships and other users of electric power. These non-combustion
motors are fueled by heat (waste heat), via an ORC related system, and create a pressure source powering the PowerVerde motor/generator
while emitting zero carbon emissions or waste stream byproducts. The other PowerVerde system was designed to operate on wellhead
or natural gas pipeline infrastructure and lacks the ORC component, but uses wasted latent energy (pressure) inherent in  city
gate  letdowns or wellheads as its pressure source. This project (well head or natural gas pipeline applications) has been
suspended so that we can focus exclusively on waste heat applications. To this end we anticipate and have designed systems that
will be scaled even larger in the future. 

Our ORC system requires: 

A heat source (solar, waste heat, geothermal or bio-mass);  

An organic rankine cycle (ORC) or organic pressure driven cycle (OPDC) style system to convert heat into pressure;  

PowerVerde motor to convert the pressure into horsepower; and  

A generator to convert the horsepower into electricity.   

4   

We have built and tested the 25/50kW ORC systems,
and we believe that the overall design meets or exceeds performance metrics when compared to the industry at large. We have, however,
remained challenged with our inability to thus far generate the continuous hours of operation that we believe necessary for commercial
quality expectations. We continue to work toward our goal of a system capable of 25,000 hours (almost three years) of continuous
operation. Meanwhile, we believe that we have made great strides in the evolution of the Liberator waste heat energy system and
expect to achieve a successful test by year end 2016. There can be no assurance, however, that our ongoing technical issues will
be resolved or that any of our Systems will ever be commercially viable. 

Government Regulations and Incentives 

We believe that the time may be right for the
PowerVerde systems. Regulatory proposals to limit greenhouse gases are under consideration, particularly in Europe. One such measure
would be a carbon tax placed on fuels in proportion to their carbon content. Another would be a tax on oil. Yet another would be
a  cap and trade  system. All of these would drive up the price of electricity from fossil fuel sources, yet have no
impact on carbon-free renewable sources such as those offered by us; however, due to the weak economy in the United States and
Europe and strong political opposition, there can be no assurance that any of these measures will be implemented. 

Governments, utilities, businesses, and consumers
alike are acutely aware of the negative effects of pollution and use of fossil fuels. Fossil fuel-based emissions contribute to
serious health and environmental conditions such as acid rain, particulate pollution, nitrogen deposition, and global climate change.
Consequently, government agencies in the United States and Europe at the national, state/provincial and local levels have implemented
and proposed various economic incentives in the form of tax credits, rebates, deductions, accelerated depreciation and other subsidies
designed to enhance the use of energy-efficient and clean power sources. We believe that these incentives will have a substantial
positive impact on demand for the PowerVerde systems; however, there can be no assurance that, even with these incentives, our
systems will be economically competitive or that the incentives will continue to be available. 

We have applied and continue to apply for federal
grants, loans and/or other programs designed to assist development of renewable  green  energy sources, and we have
previously retained specialized consultants to assist in this endeavor; however, we have not been successful in these ongoing efforts,
and there can be no assurance that we will ever receive any governmental assistance. 

Competition 

We face substantial competition from numerous
other companies, most of whom have financial and other resources substantially greater than ours. Our competition is worldwide,
ranging from solo inventors and small businesses all the way to major utility companies and multinational corporations, all of
whom are attempting to design, develop and market clean and efficient methods for the generation and delivery of electricity. This
competition is expected to increase due to pressures arising from high prices of fossil fuels, environmental concerns and the increased
availability of governmental incentives and subsidies. These competitors may prove more successful in offering similar products
and/or may offer alternative products which prove superior in performance and/or more popular with potential customers than our
products. Our ability to commercialize our products and grow and achieve profitability in accordance with our business plan will
depend on our ability to satisfy our customers and withstand increasing competition by providing high-quality products at reasonable
prices. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve or maintain a successful competitive position. 

5   

Where You Can Find Additional Information  

The Company is subject to the reporting requirements
under the Exchange Act. The Company files with, or furnishes to, the SEC quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form
8-K, and amendments to those reports and will furnish its proxy statement. These filings are available free of charge on the Company s
website,  http://www.powerverdeenergy.com  shortly after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

The SEC maintains an Internet website,  http://www.sec.gov ,
that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers. 

Risks Related to General Economic Conditions 

The current general economic and market conditions and the
volatility and disruption in the financial and capital markets has impacted us and could materially and adversely affect our business
and financial results in future periods. 

The United States economy continues to suffer
from unfavorable economic conditions, including a weak recovery from a severe recession in the general economy, accompanied by
large federal and state budget deficits and an increasing national debt. These negative conditions could persist or become even
worse. These poor economic conditions continue to make it very difficult for us to raise the capital we need to complete the development
and testing of our products so that we can begin sales. In the event that we are able to begin sales of our products, poor economic
conditions may adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations by extending the length of the
sales cycle and causing potential customers to delay, defer or decline to make purchases of our products due to limitations on
their capital expenditures and the adverse effects of the economy and the credit markets on them. 

The weak economy is projected by many economic
experts to continue or deteriorate further throughout 2016 or longer. These conditions may make it extremely difficult for our
customers, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. We cannot predict the timing, strength
or duration of this current weak economy or of a subsequent stronger economic recovery, or the effects thereof on our customers
and our markets. Our results of operations may be negatively impacted in future periods and experience substantial fluctuations
from period to period as a consequence of these factors, and such conditions and other factors affecting capital spending may affect
the timing of orders from major customers. These factors could adversely affect our ability to meet our capital requirements, support
our working capital requirements and growth objectives, maintain our existing or secure new financing arrangements, or otherwise
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

An increase in interest rates or lending rates or tightening
of the supply of capital in the global financial markets could make it difficult for end-users to finance the cost of a PowerVerde
system and could reduce the demand for our products and/or lead to a reduction in the average selling price for our products. 

We believe that, in the event that we are able
to commercialize our products, many of our end-users will depend on debt financing to fund the initial capital expenditure required
to purchase and install a PowerVerde system. As a result, an increase in interest rates or lending rates could make it difficult
for our end-users to secure the financing necessary to purchase and install PowerVerde systems on favorable terms, or at all and
thus lower demand and reduce our net sales. Due to the overall economic outlook, our end-users may change their decision or change
the timing of their decision to purchase and install PowerVerde systems. In addition, we believe that a significant percentage
of our end-users will install PowerVerde systems as an investment, funding the initial capital expenditure through a combination
of equity and debt. An increase in interest rates and/or lending rates could lower an investor s return on investment in
PowerVerde systems, or make alternative investments more attractive relative to PowerVerde systems, and, in each case, could cause
these end-users to seek alternative investments. A reduction in the supply of project debt financing or equity investments could
reduce the number of our projects that receive financing and thus lower demand for PowerVerde systems. 

6   

Reduced growth in or the reduction, elimination or expiration
of government subsidies, economic incentives and other support for renewable energy-sourced electricity applications could reduce
demand for our systems. 

Reduced growth in or the reduction, elimination
or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives and other support for renewable-sourced electricity may result in the
diminished competitiveness of our systems relative to conventional and non-renewable sources of energy, and could materially and
adversely affect our business. 

Electric utility companies or generators of
electricity from fossil fuels or other renewable energy sources could also lobby for a change in the relevant legislation in their
markets to protect their revenue streams. Reduced growth in or the reduction, elimination or expiration of government subsidies
and economic incentives for renewable electricity generation applications, especially those in our target markets, could impede
our sales efforts and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Existing regulations and policies and changes to these regulations
and policies may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of our renewable electricity generation
systems, which may significantly reduce demand for our systems. 

The market for electricity generation products
is heavily influenced by foreign, federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility
industry, as well as policies promulgated by electric utilities. These regulations and policies often relate to electricity pricing
and technical interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. In the United States and in a number of other countries,
these regulations and policies have been modified in the past and may be modified again in the future. These regulations and policies
could deter end-user purchases of our systems. 

We anticipate that our systems and their installation
will be subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national and local ordinances relating to building codes, safety,
environmental protection, utility interconnection and metering and related matters. It is difficult to track the requirements of
individual states and design equipment to comply with the varying standards. Any new government regulations or utility policies
pertaining to our systems may result in significant additional expenses to us and our potential customers and, as a result, could
cause a significant reduction in demand for our systems. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We need to raise substantial additional capital to fund our
business. 

We will need to raise promptly substantial additional
funds. Without such additional funds, we may have to cease operations. We will require substantial additional funding for our contemplated
research and development activities, commercialization of our products and ordinary operating expenses. Adequate funds for these
purposes may not be available when needed or on terms acceptable to us, especially due to the ongoing weak economy. Insufficient
funds may require us to delay or scale back our activities or to cease operations. Our sole source of material revenues is Biotech
IP licensing fees. 

7   

We face substantial competition in our industry, and we may
be unable to attract customers and maintain a viable business. 

We face substantial competition from numerous
other companies, most of whom have financial and other resources substantially greater than ours. Our competition is worldwide,
ranging from solo inventors and small businesses all the way to major utility companies and multinational corporations, all of
whom are attempting to design, develop and market clean and efficient methods for the generation and delivery of electricity. This
competition is expected to increase due to pressures arising from high prices of fossil fuels, environmental concerns and the availability
of governmental incentives and subsidies. These competitors may prove more successful in offering similar products and/or may offer
alternative products which prove superior in performance and/or more popular with potential customers than our products. Our ability
to commercialize our products and grow and achieve profitability in accordance with our business plan will depend on our ability
to satisfy our customers and withstand increasing competition by providing high-quality products at reasonable prices. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to achieve or maintain a successful competitive position. 

Our success is dependent on the services of our key management
and personnel. 

Our success will depend in large part upon the
skill and efforts of our key personnel hired or who may be hired, including our chief engineer, Hank Leibowitz, and our system
specialist, Mark Prinz. Loss of any such personnel, whether due to resignation, death, and disability or otherwise, could have
a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, Mr. Leibowitz does not intend to work for PowerVerde on a full-time basis,
as he has substantial other business activities. He intends to dedicate the time he deems appropriate to meet PowerVerde s
needs; however, there can be no assurance that he will be willing or able to dedicate such time and attention as would maximize
PowerVerde s chances for success. 

We have a limited operating history. 

We have only a limited operating history. We
have yet to generate any material revenues from our systems, as we have sold only one system, in a discounted sale to Newton, and
the commercial value of our products is uncertain. There can be no assurance that we will ever be profitable. Further, we are subject
to all the risks inherent in a new business including, but not limited to: intense competition; lack of sufficient capital; loss
of protection of proprietary technology and trade secrets; difficulties in commercializing its products, managing growth and hiring
and retaining key employees; adverse changes in costs and general business and economic conditions; and the need to achieve product
acceptance, to enter and develop new markets and to develop and maintain successful relationships with customers, third party suppliers
and contractors. 

We may have difficulty in protecting our intellectual property
and may incur substantial costs to defend ourselves in patent infringement litigation. 

We rely primarily on a combination of trade
secrets, patents, copyright and trademark laws, and confidentiality procedures to protect our proprietary technology, which is
our principal asset. 

Our ability to compete effectively will depend
to a large extent on our success in protecting our proprietary technology, both in the United States and abroad. There can be no
assurance that (i) any patents that we have applied or apply for will be issued, (ii) any patents issued, including our existing
U.S. Patent No. 6,840,151, on which our current products are based, will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, (iii)
that we will have the financial resources to enforce our patents or (iv) the patent rights granted will provide any competitive
advantage. We could incur substantial costs in defending any patent infringement suits or in asserting our patent rights, including
those granted by third parties, and we might not be able to afford such expenditures. 

8   

We have limited protection over our trade secrets and know-how. 

Although we have entered into confidentiality
and invention agreements with our key personnel, there can be no assurance that these agreements will be honored or that we will
be able to protect our rights to our non-patented trade secrets and know-how effectively. There can be no assurance that competitors
will not independently develop substantially equivalent or superior proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access
to our trade secrets and know-how. 

We may be unable to obtain required licenses from third-parties
for product development. 

We may be required to obtain licenses to patents
or other proprietary rights from third parties. If we do not obtain required licenses, we could encounter delays in product development
or find that the development, manufacture or sale of products requiring these licenses could be prevented. 

The reduction, elimination or unavailability of contemplated
government incentives may force our business plan to be changed and may materially adversely affect our business. 

Our business plan relies to a significant extent
on the availability of substantial federal, state and local governmental incentives for the development, production and purchase
of energy-saving, environmentally-friendly products such as our systems. These incentives include, among others, tax deductions,
tax credits, rebates, accelerated depreciation and government loans, grants and other subsidies. There can be no assurance that
some or all of these incentives will not be substantially reduced or eliminated, nor can there be any assurance that any currently
proposed incentives will actually take effect. Similarly, we have never received, and there can be no assurance that we will ever
receive, any government loans, grants or other subsidies. 

Lower energy prices may hinder our ability to attract customers
and become profitable. 

Our products are energy-efficient electric generators
which compete primarily with conventional fossil fuel-generated electricity produced and delivered by conventional utility companies.
The significant decreases in the prices of oil and natural gas since mid-2014 have materially adversely affected our competitive
position. If sustained, these lower fossil fuel prices and the corresponding lower cost of fossil fuel-generated electricity could
materially adversely affect our business. 

We may be unable to purchase materials and parts on commercially
reasonable terms from suppliers. 

If we are able to commercialize our systems,
our success will depend to a large extent on our ability to obtain a reliable supply of materials and parts from our suppliers
on commercially reasonable terms. This may not prove possible due to competition, inflation, shortages, international crises, adverse
economic and political conditions and business failures of suppliers or other reasons. 

Our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. 

Although we maintain general and product liability,
property and commercial crime insurance coverage which we consider prudent, there can be no assurance that such insurance will
prove adequate in the event of actual casualty losses or broader calamities such as terrorist attacks, earthquakes, financial crises,
economic depressions or other catastrophic events, which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. Any such losses
could have a material adverse effect on PowerVerde. 

9   

We may be unable to obtain or maintain insurance for our
commercial products. 

The design, development and manufacture of our
products involve an inherent risk of product liability claims and associated adverse publicity. There can be no assurance we will
be able to maintain insurance for any of our proposed commercial products. Such insurance is expensive, difficult to obtain and
may not be available in the future on acceptable terms or at all. We are also exposed to product liability claims in the event
the use of our proposed products result in injury. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock; Liquidity Risks 

Our stock price is highly volatile. 

The market prices for securities of emerging
and development stage companies such as ours have historically been highly volatile, and our limited history has reflected this
volatility. Difficulty in raising capital as well as future announcements concerning us or our competitors, including the results
of testing, technological innovations or new commercial products, government regulations, developments concerning proprietary rights,
litigation or public concern as to safety of potential products developed by us or others, may have a significant adverse impact
on the market price of our stock. 

We do not pay dividends on our common stock, and we have
no intention to do so in the future. 

For the near-term, we intend to retain remaining
future earnings, if any, to finance our operations and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends with respect to our common stock. 

There has been limited trading in our stock. 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the
OTCBB under the symbol  PWVI.  Since our February 2008 Merger with our predecessor Vyrex Corporation, our stock has
been thinly traded, and no assurance can be given as to when, if ever, an active trading market will develop or, if developed,
that it will be sustained. As a result, investors may be unable to sell their shares of our common stock at a fair price, if at
all. 

We may issue additional shares of our stock which may dilute
the value of our stock. 

Shares which we issue pursuant to private placements
generally may be sold in the public market after they have been held for six months, pursuant to Rule 144. The sale or availability
for sale of substantial amounts of common stock in the public market under Rule 144 or otherwise could materially adversely affect
the prevailing market prices of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of our
equity securities. 

We may issue shares of preferred stock that could defer a
change of control or dilute the interests of holders of our common stock shareholders. 

Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue
up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The Board of Directors has the power to establish the dividend rates, liquidation preferences,
voting rights, redemption and conversion terms and privileges with respect to any series of preferred stock. The issuance of any
series of preferred stock having rights superior to those of the common stock may result in a decrease in the value or market price
of the common stock and further, they could be used by the Board of Directors as a device to prevent a change in control favorable
to the Company. Holders of preferred stock to be issued in the future may have the right to receive dividends and certain preferences
in liquidation and conversion rights. The issuance of such preferred stock could make the possible takeover of the Company or the
removal of management of the Company more difficult, and adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holder of the common
stock, or depress the market price of the common stock. 

10   

Our common stock is covered by SEC  penny stock 
rules which may make it more difficult for you to sell or dispose of our common stock. 

Since we have net tangible assets of less than
$1,000,000, transactions in our securities are subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act which imposes additional sales practice
requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and  accredited investors 
(generally, individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 together with
their spouses). For transactions covered by this Rule, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser
and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, this Rule may affect
the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities, and may affect the ability of shareholders to sell any of our securities
in the secondary market. 

The Commission has adopted regulations which
generally define a  penny stock  to be any non-NASDAQ equity security of a small company that has a market price (as
therein defined) less than $5.00 per share, or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share subject to certain exceptions,
and which is not traded on any exchange or quoted on NASDAQ. For any transaction by broker-dealers involving a penny stock (unless
exempt), the rules require delivery, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, of a risk disclosure document relating to the penny
stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about compensation payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in an account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Prospective investors are cautioned that the
statements in this Report that are not descriptions of historical facts may be forward-looking statements that are subject to risks
and uncertainties. This Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of
our management as well as on assumptions made by and information currently available to us as of the date of this Report. When
used in this Report, the words  plan,   will,   may,   anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate,   expect,   intend,   project  and similar expressions, as they relate
to PowerVerde, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Although PowerVerde believes these statements are reasonable,
actual actions, operations and results could differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result
of the risk factors included in this Report or other factors. We must caution, however, that this list of factors may not be exhaustive
and that these or other factors, many of which are outside of our control, could have a material adverse effect on PowerVerde and
our ability to achieve our objectives. All forward-looking statements attributable to PowerVerde or persons acting on our behalf
are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. 

ITEM 1B.  
        UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.   

None. 

11   

ITEM 2.  
        PROPERTIES.   

We do not own any real property. On January
1, 2012 our Board of Directors agreed to end the rental agreement with ARD and moved our operations to a 5,000 foot facility owned
by our then-director and chief operating officer Bryce Johnson (who resigned in March 2013), located at 7595 E. Gray Rd., Scottsdale,
Arizona. We believe that the facility will be adequate to satisfy our needs for at least the next year. From March 2012 to June
2013, we used the facility for a fee of $700 per month, which covered overhead costs. Since July 2013, this fee has not been charged.
We believe that our relationship with Mr. Johnson, who remains a major PowerVerde shareholder, is good, and we believe that this
good relationship will continue and allow us to use the facility on current terms for at least the next year; however, there can
be no assurance that this will be the case as we do not have a signed lease. 

ITEM 3.  
        LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   

On November 2, 2012, Keith Johnson, our former
Chief Technical Officer, filed suit against our operating subsidiary PowerVerde Systems, Inc., in Maricopa County, Arizona, Superior
Court. The suit included claims for breach of his employment agreement, for back pay and related claims. Mr. Johnson, whose salary
was $12,500 per month, sought back pay of $37,500, reimbursement of expenses totaling approximately $5,012 and other unspecified
damages. We believe that Mr. Johnson voluntarily terminated his employment in accordance with the agreement and that he has been
paid in full. In an abundance of caution, we also gave Mr. Johnson 30 days  notice of termination without cause pursuant
to the employment agreement, with this notice to be effective only if the Court determines that his employment was not previously
terminated by him. Mr. Johnson ceased working for the Company in early September 2012. 

In May 2014, the case was settled pursuant to
our agreement to pay Mr. Johnson $30,088, with $5,088 due upon execution of the settlement agreement plus an additional $25,000
payable in installments of $12,500 each in July and August 2014. All of the settlement payments have been made, and the case is
concluded. 

ITEM 4.  
        MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.   

Not   applicable .  

12   

PART II  

ITEM 5.  
        MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
    EQUITY SECURITIES.   

Our common stock trades on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board ( OTCBB )
under the symbol  PWVI.  The over-the-counter market quotations provided below reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-ups, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. The following table sets forth the range of
high and low sales prices on the OTCBB for the periods indicated. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock, nor do we intend to declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Subject
to the limitations described below, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends (cash or otherwise)
as may (or may not) be declared by our Board of Directors. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

All of PowerVerde s sales of unregistered
securities since inception have been made pursuant to private offerings to accredited investors. The sales set forth below were
made pursuant to an exemption from registration requirements under Regulation D and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. Except as otherwise noted below, no placement agent fees or commissions were paid on these offerings, and net proceeds
were used for working capital. 

In the fourth quarter of 2012, we sold $325,000
principal amount of two-year Series A Secured Promissory Notes to accredited investors. At closing, we issued to each investor
a three-year warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $.41 per share. Pursuant to the terms of
the Notes, on December 1, 2013, we were obligated to issue an additional three-year warrant (covering the same number of shares
as the initial warrant) to each investor at an exercise price equal to $.21 per share (the average price of the common stock during
the 10 trading days prior to December 1, 2013). 

Each Note investor receives simple interest
at the rate of 10% per annum based on a 365-day year and actual days elapsed in the period for which such interest is payable.
Accrued interest was payable semi-annually on June 30, 2013, December 31, 2013, June 30, 2014, and December 31,
2014. The entire principal balance of the Notes, together with all unpaid interest accrued thereon, was due and payable on December
31, 2014. The Notes are collateralized by our Biotech license fee revenues. We agreed to pay a $25,000 fee to the placement agent,
Martinez-Ayme Securities, Inc. ( MAS ); however, in December 2013, this receivable was assigned by MAS to our Director
and Chief Executive Officer Richard Davis and the amount due was reduced to $20,000 in exchange for payment to Mr. Davis of $4,000,
which was paid in 2014. See Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

13   

In the first quarter of 2013, we sold an additional
$75,000 principal amount of Series A Secured Promissory Notes. In connection with these Notes, we issued warrants to purchase 75,000
shares of common stock concurrent with issuance of the Notes and we issued warrants to purchase an additional 75,000 shares in
December 2013 at an exercise price equal to $.21 per share (the average price of the common stock during the 10 trading days prior
to December 1, 2013). 

In the fourth quarter of 2014, the Note Holders
agreed to extend the maturity date of the Note principal balance to December 31, 2016. In connection with the Note extension, we
revised the terms of the original warrants issued December 31, 2012, extending the expiration date from December 31, 2015 to December
31, 2017 and the exercise price was reduced from $0.41 per share to $0.39 per share. We also revised the terms of the additional
warrants to extend the expiration date to December 31, 2018, and the exercise price was reduced from $.21 per share to $0.17 per
share. 

In the first quarter of 2014, we raised gross
proceeds of $240,000 through private placement of 2,400,000 unregistered shares of common stock to accredited investors at $.10
per share. 

In the second quarter of 2014, we raised gross
proceeds of $75,000 through private placement of 750,000 unregistered shares of common stock to accredited investors at $.10 per
share. We paid a 10% placement agent fee to MAS for this offering. 

In the third quarter of 2014, we raised gross
proceeds of $100,000 through private placement of 1,000,000 unregistered shares of common stock to accredited investors at $.10
per share. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

During the years ended December 31, 2015, and
2014, there were no equity securities repurchases by the Company. 

ITEM 6.  
        SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.   

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 7.  
        MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.   

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere herein. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The consolidated financial statements of PowerVerde,
Inc. are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions about future
events that effect the amounts reported in the financial statements and related notes. Future events and their effects cannot be
determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. We believe the
following critical accounting policies affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements. 

14   

Revenue Recognition 

Licensing and royalty revenue
from royalty agreements unrelated to the Company s planned operations is recognized in accordance with the terms of the specific
agreement. Revenues recognized under these agreements amount to 100% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014. 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

The Company accounts for common stock purchase warrants in accordance
with ASC Topic 815- 40, Derivatives and Hedging   Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ( ASC 815-40 ). Based
on the provisions of ASC 815- 40, the Company classifies as equity any contracts that (i) require physical settlement or net-share
settlement, or (ii) gives the Company a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in its own shares (physical settlement or net-share
settlement). The Company classifies as assets or liabilities any contracts that (i) require net-cash settlement including a requirement
to net cash settle the contract if an event occurs and if that event is outside the control of the Company), or (ii) give the counterparty
a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in shares (physical settlement or net-share settlement). All outstanding warrants
as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, were classified as equity. 

Intellectual Property 

The Company reviews intangible assets with finite lives for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The
Company uses an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows over the remaining life of its long-lived assets, or related group of assets
where applicable, in measuring whether the assets to be held and used will be realizable. In the event of impairment, the Company
would discount the future cash flows using its then estimated incremental borrowing rate to estimate the amount of the impairment.

Stock-based compensation.   

We account for stock-based compensation based
on ASC Topic 718-Stock Compensation which requires expensing of stock options and other share-based payments based on the fair
value of each stock option awarded. The fair value of each stock option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
valuation model. This model requires management to estimate the expected volatility, expected dividends, and expected term as inputs
to the valuation model. 

Overview   

From January 1991 until October 2005, the Company
devoted substantially all of its efforts and resources to research and development related to its unsuccessful Biotech Business,
in particular the study of biological oxidation and antioxidation directed to the development of potential therapeutic products
for the treatment of various diseases and conditions. In the most recent years, the Company s research focused mainly on
targeted antioxidant therapeutics and nutraceuticals. The Company is a development stage company, has never generated any substantial
revenue from product sales and has relied primarily on equity financing, licensing revenues, and various debt instruments for its
working capital. The Company has been unprofitable since its inception. 

15   

Following the cessation of material Biotech
Business operations in October 2005, the Company turned its primary focus to seeking an appropriate merger partner for its public
shell. This resulted in the February 2008 Merger with Vyrex. In March 2009, we assigned most of our Biotech intellectual property
other than our rights under existing licensing agreements (the  Biotech IP ) to an investor in exchange for his agreement
to pay all future expenses relating to the Biotech IP and to pay us 20% of any net proceeds received from future sale and/or licensing
of the Biotech IP. We do not expect this arrangement to generate material revenues. 

Since the Merger, we have focused on the development
and testing of our electric power systems, and since 2008 we have focused on their applicability to thermal and formerly natural
gas pipeline operations. We have abandoned the pipeline opportunities in terms of focusing on the thermal applications. The Company s
business is subject to significant risks, including the risks inherent in our research and development efforts, uncertainties associated
with obtaining and enforcing patents and intense competition. See  Risk Factors.  

Except as specifically noted to the contrary,
the following discussion relates only to PowerVerde since, as a result of the Merger, the only historical financial statements
presented for the Company in periods following the Merger are those of the operating entity, PowerVerde. 

Results of Operations 

Years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014   

During
2015, we continued to focus on upgrading the durability and continued operations capability of our Liberator Waste Heat System.
We had no revenues in 2015 other than $529,861 in Biotech IP licensing fees, a 23.6% increase from $428,747 in licensing income
for 2014. Our research and development expenses increased by $263,794 (72.5%) in 2015 as compared to 2014, and our general and
administrative expenses decreased by $229,425 (45.7%). The increase in expenses was primarily due   to
the issuances of stock options for services. Substantial net losses will continue until we are able to successfully commercialize
and market our products, as to which there can be no assurance.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have financed our operations since inception
principally through the sale of debt and equity securities. Also, since 2012 we have received material amounts of Biotech IP licensing
fees. As of December 31, 2015, we had a working capital deficit of $288,544 and as of December 31, 2014, we had a working
capital surplus of $78,580. This decrease in working capital is due primarily to the note payable to related
parties (issued in 2012) that is due on December 31, 2016. 

During 2015, we received $529,861 in Biotech
IP licensing fees alone. 

By the end of 2015, we had spent all of our
$4,736 opening cash balance, so that our year-end cash balance was only $5,601, while our accounts payable and accrued expenses
were $41,951. As of the date of this Report, we have only enough cash to finance operations for approximately two months, until
approximately May 2016. 

We expect 2016 Biotech IP revenues to exceed
the 2015 level; however, there can be no assurance that this revenue level will be achieved. Further, our contract which provides
our Biotech IP revenues expires in March 2018, and we will therefore be without a source of working capital at that time unless
we can generate material revenues from operations or raise substantial additional capital, as to which there can be no assurance. 

16   

We continue to seek funding from private debt
and equity investors, as we need to promptly raise substantial additional capital in order to finance our plan of operations. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to promptly raise the necessary funds. If we do not promptly raise the necessary funds,
we may be forced to cease operations. 

ITEM 7A.  
        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8.  
        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.   

The consolidated financial statements of the
Company and other information required by this Item are set forth herein in a separate section beginning with the Index to the
Financial Statements on page F-1. 

ITEM 9.  
        CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.   

None. 

ITEM 9A.  
        CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company, under the supervision and with
the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and President, evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on
that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Management of the Company is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate control over financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable
assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. 

All internal controls over financial reporting,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding
of controls. Therefore, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable, and not absolute,
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness
of internal controls over financial reporting may vary over time. Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial
reporting may also fail to prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

17   

Our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. In making this assessment,
our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal
Control An Integrated Framework (September 1992). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that, as of December
31, 2015, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

No Attestation Report  

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no significant changes in internal
control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2015 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.  
        OTHER INFORMATION.   

None. 

18   

PART III 

ITEM 10.  
        DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.   

The names of our officers and directors, as well as certain information about
them are set forth below: 

Richard H. Davis . Mr. Davis joined our
Board in February 2008 in connection with the Vyrex Merger, and he became Chief Executive Officer in August 2011. He received a
B.S degree in economics from Florida State University in 1982. He joined First Equity Corporation ( First Equity )
in Miami that same year. First Equity operated as a regional full-service brokerage and investment bank. Mr. Davis  duties
included equity deal structure and brokerage-related activities. After First Equity was acquired in 2001, Mr. Davis joined the
corporate finance department of William R. Hough   Company ( Hough ), where he continued structuring equity finance
and private acquisitions. Hough was acquired in 2004 by RBC Dain Rauscher ( Dain ), a global investment banking firm.
Dain consolidated Hough s corporate finance activities into its New York offices. Mr. Davis elected to remain in Miami and
joined Martinez-Ayme Securities, assuming the newly-created position of managing director of corporate finance. 

John Hofmann.  Mr. Hofmann became our
Chief Financial Officer in August 2011. He is president of J L Hofmann   Associates, P.A., Coral Gables, Florida ( JLHA ),
which has provided financial consulting and accounting services to select clientele since 1990. JLHA has provided services to PowerVerde
since July 2010. Mr. Hofmann also serves as Operating Partner of Taft Street Partners I, Ltd., providing consulting services and
capital for commercial and residential real estate projects. Mr. Hofmann started his career working with multinational companies
for ten years as a Senior Manager for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ). While at PwC, he traveled extensively primarily
working on international tax matters and issues concerning the Internal Revenue Service. Locally, Hofmann has worked with the Miami
Dolphins, Carnival Cruise Line, Royal Caribbean Cruise Line, Resorts International and Terremark Worldwide. Mr. Hofmann earned
his Bachelor of Science in Accounting at the University of Florida and obtained his Master of Science in Taxation from Florida
International University. Mr. Hofmann became a Certified Public Accountant through the Florida Board of Accountancy in 1982. He
is a member of the Florida Institute of CPAs. 

Election of Directors 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Cumulative
voting with respect to the election of directors is not permitted by our Certificate of Incorporation. 

Our Board of Directors shall be elected at the
annual meeting of the shareholders or at a special meeting called for that purpose. Each director shall hold office until the next
annual meeting of shareholders and until the director s successor is elected and qualified. 

Committees 

Our Board of Directors does not yet have any
committees; however, we intend to establish an audit committee and a compensation/stock option committee in the near future. Additional
board members are anticipated to be added in 2016 .  

19   

Advisory Board Members 

In March 2010, our Board of Directors created
an Advisory Board to advise and recommend, on a non-legally-binding basis, certain directions or actions deemed to be beneficial
to the Company s success. The Advisory Board s members may be shareholders or non-shareholders; however, each member
represents a specific industry or vocation complementary to the Company s anticipated markets, customers and technical needs.
It is anticipated that the Advisory Board will meet once a year in person and meet by conference call quarterly. We expect to compensate
the Advisory Board members with restricted stock and/or options; however, the compensation plan has not yet been established. The
members of the Advisory Board are as follows: 

Stephen H. McKnight  . Mr. McKnight is active in real estate investment and management. Through his firms, he has created
a portfolio in excess of 2.0 million square feet of commercial property, mostly in the Southwest United States. Mr. McKnight is
also active in both equity and debt holdings, managing both trusts and family estates. He received an MBA from the University of
Pittsburg in 1975.  

Randy Hinson  . Mr. Hinson founded and successfully operated a pump manufacturing business in Houston, Texas. Mr. Hinson
recently sold the company to a publicly-traded oil company, and remains under a non-compete contract during an agreed-upon transition
process.  

Leon Breece  . Mr. Breece has operated as an entrepreneur and CPA in the Los Angeles, California area for many years.
Mr. Breece s company, Breece and Associates, handles accounting and tax matters for established companies and high profile
individuals. He is an active investor in both the stock market and early stage private companies.  

Dr. Robert F. Ehrman  . Dr. Ehrman is an owner and manager of commercial real estate, and has owned and managed several
successful businesses. He attended the University of Miami School of Medicine, Northwestern Chiropractic College, and the University
of Minnesota. Mr. Ehrman is a resident of Miami, Florida.   

All of the Advisory Board Members are PowerVerde shareholders. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934 

Under the securities laws of the United States,
our directors, executive officers and any persons holding more than 10% of the Company s common stock are required to report
their initial ownership of the Company s common stock and any subsequent changes in that ownership to the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Specific due dates for these reports have been established and the Company is required to identify in this
Report those persons who failed to timely file these reports. All of the filing requirements were satisfied in 2015. In
making this disclosure, we have relied solely on written representations of our directors and executive officers and copies of
the reports that have been filed with the Commission. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a code of ethics for our
management because of the costs involved and our lack of resources and limited operations. 

20   

ITEM 11.  
        EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.   

Through March 2016, we have not paid any compensation
to officers or directors in such capacity. Since becoming PowerVerde officers, Messrs Davis and Hofmann have not received any salary
or other cash compensation for services in that capacity except that, in June 2011, Messrs. Davis and Hofmann received three-year
warrants to purchase 600,000 and 200,000 shares, respectively, of our common stock, at a price of $1.05 per share (the market price
on the date of grant). In addition, in March 2013, Messrs Davis and Hofmann received five-year warrants to purchase 1,000,000 and
500,000 shares, respectively, of our common stock, at a price of $.30 per share (the market price on the date of grant). In March
2012, in exchange for his interest in Cornerstone, our then officer and director Bryce Johnson received 1,575,000 shares of our
restricted common stock and three-year warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of our common stock at exercise prices of $2.00, $3.00
and $4.00 as to 50,000 shares each. Mr. Johnson resigned from his positions with PowerVerde in March 2013. 

Employment Agreements 

On April 7, 2011, in order to enhance our ability
to raise capital and limit dilution of our stockholders, we entered into an agreement with our co-founder George Konrad, pursuant
to which Mr. Konrad agreed to surrender to our treasury 4,500,000 shares of our common stock owned by him since inception in exchange
for our (i) entering into an employment agreement with him; and (ii) agreeing to pay to his company, ARD, $200,000, representing
the cost of certain equipment owned by ARD which was principally used by us. 

Consequently, on April 7, 2011, we entered into
a two-year employment agreement with Mr. Konrad, pursuant to which Mr. Konrad served as our President. Pursuant to this employment
agreement, we paid Mr. Konrad a salary of $10,000 per month. The employment agreement contained standard confidentiality provisions,
as well as standard non-competition and non-solicitation provisions which survive for two years following termination of employment. 

On August 19, 2011, we amended our agreement
with Mr. Konrad dated as of April 7, 2011, relating to his surrender to the Company s treasury of 4,500,000 shares of common
stock (the  Original Agreement ). Pursuant to this amendment, we extended the due date for payment of $200,000 to be
made to Mr. Konrad s company, ARD, under the Original Agreement to on or before April 7, 2013. 

On October 16, 2012, in
order to enhance our ability to raise capital and limit dilution of our stockholders, as well as to satisfy our obligations to
ARD for past services and Mr. Konrad under the agreement dated April 7, 2011 as amended August 19, 2011 (the  Initial Agreement )
and the employment agreement between Mr. Konrad and the Company dated April 7, 2011( the  Employment Agreement ), we
entered into an agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with Mr. Konrad and ARD, pursuant to which Mr. Konrad agreed
to surrender to our treasury 3,000,000 shares of our common stock owned by him in exchange for payment of $530,000. Of this amount,
$130,000 was paid to ARD and $300,000 was paid to Mr. Konrad upon execution of the Settlement Agreement, and we agreed to pay $100,000
to Mr. Konrad in six consecutive monthly installments of $16,666.67 each due on the 16 th  day of each month beginning
November 16, 2012. In the event any part of the $100,000 balance remained unpaid six months after the date of the Settlement Agreement,
Mr. Konrad had an option to convert some or all of the unpaid balance into shares of the Company s common stock at a price
of .0667 per share. The execution of the Settlement Agreement terminated both the Initial Agreement and the Employment Agreement,
and neither party had any further obligations or liabilities under those agreements. In March 2014, our debt to Mr. Konrad was
paid in full following his receipt of payments totaling $116,667 in 2013 and 2014. 

21   

Pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement, Mr. Konrad resigned from his positions as President and Director of PowerVerde. He was not replaced in either position. 

Effective June 15, 2011, we entered into an
employment agreement with Mark P. Prinz, pursuant to which Mr. Prinz serves as a Project Engineer. Pursuant to this agreement,
we paid Mr. Prinz a salary of $11,250 per month through June 2013. Based on an amendment effective July 1, 2013, his salary has
been $7,500 per month since then. This agreement is terminable by either party without cause upon 30 days  prior written
notice. In connection with this employment agreement, we granted Mr. Prinz (i) a 10-year option to purchase 100,000 shares of our
common stock at a price of $1.23 per share (the market price on the date of grant); and (ii) a 10-year option to purchase 100,000
shares of our common stock at a price of $2.00 per share. In each case, one-fourth of the option shares,  i.e. , 25,000 shares,
vested as of the date of the employment agreement, and the balance vests in equal installments every six months thereafter until
fully vested, provided that Mr. Prinz is still employed by us at the time and subject to PowerVerde achieving certain operational
targets. Additionally, in connection with this employment agreement, Mr. Prinz assigned certain intellectual property rights to
the Company. The employment agreement contains standard confidentiality provisions, as well as standard non-competition and non-solicitation
provisions which survive for two years following termination of employment. 

On October 25, 2012, we entered into a consulting
agreement with Hank Leibowitz, the principal of Waste Heat Solutions, LLC and an expert with 39 years experience in the field of
advanced energy systems. Pursuant to this consulting agreement, which is terminable by either party on 30 days  notice, we
pay to Mr. Leibowitz s company, Waste Heat Solutions, $7,500 per month. In connection with this consulting agreement, we
issued to Waste Heat Solutions (i) a fully vested 10-year option to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock at $.56 per share and
(ii) a 10-year option, vesting six months from the contract date, i.e., on April 25, 2013, to purchase an additional 500,000 shares
at $.56 per share. This consulting agreement contains standard confidentiality provisions, as well as standard non-competition
and non-soliciting provisions which survive for two years following termination of the consultancy. 

We may also issue to our officers and directors
stock options on terms and conditions to be determined by our Board of Directors or designated committee. 

Compensation of Directors 

We have not yet determined a compensation plan
for our directors. We intend to provide our directors with reasonable compensation for their services in cash, stock and/or options. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our Certificate of Incorporation allows us to
indemnify our present and former officers and directors and other personnel against liabilities and expenses arising from their
service to the full extent permitted by Delaware law. The persons indemnified include our (i) present or former directors or officers,
(ii) any person who while serving in any of the capacities referred to in clause (i) who served at our request as a director, officer,
partner, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, and (iii) any person nominated or designated by (or pursuant to authority
granted by) our Board of Directors or any committee thereof to serve in any of the capacities referred to in clauses (i) or (ii). 

22   

ITEM 12.  
        SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.   

The following table sets forth certain information
as of March 30, 2016, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each of our directors and  named executive
officers  and (ii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. To our knowledge, no other person beneficially
owns more than 5% of our common stock. As of March 30, 2016 we had 31,750,106 shares outstanding. 

1
  Mr. Konrad resigned as President and Director in October 2012. At that time, he surrendered 3,000,000 shares of common
stock to our Treasury. 

  2  Mr. Johnson resigned as an officer and director in
March 2013. Includes 150,000 shares represented by currently exercisable warrants. 

  3  Mr. Barker s shares are owned by Mr. Barker
and his wife as joint tenants. Mr. Barker resigned as an officer and director in January 2015. 

  4  Mr. Davis  shares include: 2,400,000 shares
represented by currently exercisable warrants, 114,033 shares owned by Mr. Davis  wife, as to which he disclaims beneficial
ownership, and 10,000 shares owned by Darby Shore Management, Inc., a Florida corporation ( Darby ), for which Mr.
Davis is an officer, director and 25% shareholder. Mr. Davis may be deemed to have voting and investment power over these shares
held by Darby. 

  5  All of these shares are represented by currently exercisable
warrants. 

  6  Includes 3,600,000 shares represented by currently
exercisable warrants. 

23   

ITEM 13.  
        CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.   

See Item 11.  Executive Compensation.  

Mr. Barker resigned from his positions as an
officer and director of the Company in January 2015. 

Since July 2010, Mr. Hofmann s accounting
firm, J.L. Hofmann   Associates, P.A. ( JLHPA ) has provided financial consulting and accounting services to PowerVerde.
We paid a total of $39,150 to JLHPA in 2015. 

We do not have any independent directors, as
our sole director Mr. Davis is an officer. We intend to seek qualified independent directors to serve on our Board of Directors
by the end of 2016. 

ITEM 14.  
        PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.   

The firm of Cherry Bekaert LLP, Certified Public
Accountants ( CB ) was designated by our Board of Directors to audit the consolidated financial statements of our company
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. The following table summarizes the aggregate fees billed and expected
to be billed to us by CB for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively: 

Principal Accountant Fees and Service

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed and expected to be
billed by CB for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended 2015 and 2014, respectively, including fees associated
with the annual audit, the reviews of the consolidated financial statements included in our Forms 10-K, the reviews of the quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, fees related to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and consultations on accounting issues
and the application on new accounting pronouncements were approximately $46,250 and $43,250, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

The aggregate fees billed or expected to be
billed by John L. Hofmann   Associates P.A. for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning rendered to the Company for each
of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 were approximately $2,000. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15.  
        EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.   

See Exhibit Index and Financial Statements Index,
below. 

24   

PowerVerde, Inc. 
Annual Report on Form 10-K 
Year Ended December 31, 2015 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

25   

26   

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

POWERVERDE, INC.    

Dated: October 20, 2016  
  by:  
  /s/ Richard H. Davis    

Richard H. Davis   

CEO and Principal Executive Officer   

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report
has been  signed  by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature   
       
       Title   
       
       Date    

/S/ Richard H. Davis.   
       
      Chief Executive Officer, Director  
       
     October  20, 2016   

/S/ John L. Hofmann   
       
      Chief Financial Officer  
       
     October   20, 2016   

PowerVerde, Inc. and Subsidiary  

Annual Report on Form 10-K  

  Year Ended December 31, 2015  

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Page   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 1  
 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 2  
 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 3  
 
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  deficiency  
 4  
 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 5  
 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 6  

i    

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
PowerVerde, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Coral Gables, Florida 

We have audited the consolidated balance sheets
of PowerVerde, Inc. and Subsidiary, as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes
in stockholders  deficiency, and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of PowerVerde, Inc.
and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the consolidated results of their operations and their consolidated
cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the consolidated financial statements,
the Company incurred a net loss of $426,634 and $565,913 in 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of December 31, 2015 the accumulated
deficit was $11,659,311. These factors, and others discussed in Note 2, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded assets, or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the
Company cannot continue in existence. 

Cherry Bekaert LLP 
Coral Gables, Florida 
March 30, 2016 

PowerVerde, Inc. and Subsidiary  

   Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PowerVerde, Inc. and
Subsidiary 

   Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PowerVerde, Inc. and Subsidiary  

   Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders  deficiency 

For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PowerVerde, Inc. and Subsidiary 

   Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PowerVerde, Inc. and Subsidiary

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1   Nature of Business  

PowerVerde, Inc. (the  Company ) is a  C 
Corporation organized under the Laws of Delaware with operations in Scottsdale, Arizona. The Company s two founders, now
its largest shareholders, have conceived and developed the use of a power systems patent. For several years the Company has been
undertaking research and development on a power generating system based on the patent and related intellectual property, which
it hopes to commercialize in the near future. 

Note 2   Going Concern  

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred recurring operating losses and
negative cashflows from operations. Those factors, as well as uncertainty in securing additional funds for continued operations,
create an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The Company continues to seek funding from private debt and equity
investors, as it needs to promptly raise substantial additional capital above and beyond expected licensing revenue in order to
finance its plan of operations. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to promptly raise the necessary funds on
commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If the Company does not raise the necessary funds, it may be forced to cease operations. 

Note 3   Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
PowerVerde, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, PowerVerde Systems, Inc. All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Nature of Business  

The Company is devoting substantially all of its present efforts
to establish a new business involving the development and commercialization of clean energy electric power generation systems,
and none of its planned principal operations have commenced. However, royalties from licenses unrelated to planned principal operations
continue to be recognized as revenue. 

Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid investments
purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable consist of balances due from
royalties in connection with the Company s license agreement with VDF FutureCeuticals, Inc. The Company monitors accounts
receivable and provides allowances when considered necessary. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, accounts receivable were considered
to be fully collectible. Accordingly, no allowance for doubtful accounts was provided. 

Employee Advances  

The employee advances at December 31, 2014 represent the payroll
taxes due on the issuance of common stock as compensation prior to 2014. As of December 31, 2015, all payroll taxes have been repaid
by the employee. 

Revenue Recognition  

Licensing and royalty revenue from a royalty agreement unrelated
to the Company s planned operations is recognized in accordance with the terms of the specific agreement. Revenues recognized
under this agreement amount to 100% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Intellectual Property    

The Company reviews intangible assets with finite lives for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company
uses an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows over the remaining life of its long-lived assets, or related group of assets where
applicable, in measuring whether the assets to be held and used will be realizable (Step 1 test). In the event of impairment,
the Company would discount the future cash flows using its then estimated incremental borrowing rate to estimate the amount of
the impairment. 

For those reporting units with zero or negative carrying amounts,
an entity must evaluate whether it is more likely than not that goodwill impairment exists, regardless of the mathematical results
of the Step 1 test. In making that determination, the entity should consider whether there are any adverse qualitative factors
that could impact the amount of goodwill. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are stated at cost, less
accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets. Expenditures for major betterments and additions are capitalized, while replacement, maintenance and repairs, which do
not extend the lives of the respective assets, are expensed as incurred. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

Impairment losses are recorded on long-lived assets (property,
equipment and intellectual property) used in operations when 

 impairment indicators are present and the undiscounted expected
cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying value of such assets. No impairment losses were
recognized in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Stock-based compensation  

The Company has accounted for stock-based compensation under
the provisions of ASC Topic 718    Stock Compensation    which requires the use of the fair-value
based method to determine compensation for all arrangements under which employees and others receive shares of stock or
equity instruments (stock options and common stock purchase warrants). The fair value of each stock option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model that uses assumptions for expected volatility, expected
dividends, expected term, and the risk-free interest rate. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of peer
companies and other factors estimated over the expected term of the stock options. The expected term of options granted is
derived using the  simplified method  which computes expected term as the average of the sum of the vesting term
plus the contract term. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the
period of the expected term. 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants  

The Company accounts for common stock purchase warrants in accordance
with ASC Topic 815- 40,  Derivatives and Hedging   Contracts in Entity s Own Equity  ( ASC 815-40 ).
Based on the provisions of ASC 815- 40, the Company classifies as equity any contracts that (i) require physical settlement or
net-share settlement, or (ii) gives the Company a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in its own shares (physical settlement
or net-share settlement). The Company classifies as assets or liabilities any contracts that (i) require net-cash settlement including
a requirement to net cash settle the contract if an event occurs and if that event is outside the control of the Company), or (ii)
give the counterparty a choice of net-cash settlement or settlement in shares (physical settlement or net-share settlement). All
outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2014 and 2015 were classified as equity. 

Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes  

The Company follows the provisions of ASC Topic 740-10,  Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes  which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s
financial statements, and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement
of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. This topic also provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. 

Based on our evaluation, we have concluded that there are no significant
uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in our consolidated financial statements. Our evaluation was performed for the tax
years ended December 31, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015, the tax years which remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions
as of December 31, 2015. 

We may from time to time be assessed interest or penalties by major
tax jurisdictions, although any such assessments historically have been minimal and immaterial to our financial results. In the
event we have received an assessment for interest and/or penalties, it has been classified in the consolidated financial statements
as general and administrative expense. 

Research and Development Costs  

The Company s research and development costs
are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Such expenditures amounted to $627,889 and $364,095 for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share  

Earnings (loss) per share is computed in accordance with FASB ASC
Topic 260,  Earnings per Share . Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents and other potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.
Certain common stock equivalents were not included in the earnings (loss) per share calculation as their effect would be anti-dilutive.
Warrants exercisable for 4,155,000 shares and options for 4,750,000 shares were excluded from weighted average common shares outstanding
on a diluted basis. 

Financial instruments  

The Company carries cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued expenses at historical costs. The respective estimated fair values of these assets and liabilities
approximate carrying values due to their current nature. The Company also carries notes payable to related parties at historical
cost less discounts from warrants issued as loan financing costs. The fair value of such notes is substantially similar to the
face value of the notes ($400,000). 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Note 4   Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

On June 10, 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No.
2014-10 (ASU 2014-10), which eliminates development stage reporting requirements under ASC 915, as well as amends provisions of
existing variable interest entity guidance under ASC 810. Additionally, the ASU indicates that the lack of commencement of principal
operations represents a risk and uncertainty and, accordingly, is subject to the disclosure requirements of ASC 275. As a result
of the changes, existing development stage entity presentation and disclosure requirements are eliminated. We have adopted ASU
2014-10 on our consolidated financial statements effective January 1, 2015. 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) 
( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 is intended to improve the financial reporting requirements for revenue from contracts
with customers by providing a principle based approach. The core principal of the standard is that revenue should be recognized
when the transfer of promised goods or services is made in an amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for
the transfer of goods and services. ASU 2014-09 also requires disclosures enabling users of financial statements to understand
the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In August 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2015-14 ) which
deferred the effective date of the standard. This standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2018 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the potential impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,  which requires an entity to evaluate whether
conditions or events, in the aggregate, raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern
for one year from the date the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued. The guidance will become effective
for the year ended December 31, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest
- Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)  ( ASU 2015-03 ). Currently generally accepted accounting principles
U.S. GAAP requires any debt issuance costs to be reported in the balance sheet as deferred charges. The amendments in this Update
require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction
from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The amendments in this Update are effective for
financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial
position, results of operations and cash flows. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,  Income
Taxes (Topic 740)  ( ASU 2015-17 ). Currently U.S. GAAP requires an entity to separate deferred income tax liabilities
and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments under ASU 2015-17
will require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.
The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within the
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Note 5   Intellectual Property and Note Payable  

Intellectual Property partially consists of technology acquired
from the purchase of 100% of the membership interests of Cornerstone Conservation Group LLC ( Cornerstone ) in March
30, 2012 for $659,440. Accumulated amortization with respect to this intellectual property was $659,440 at December 31, 2015 and
$604,487 at December 31, 2014. 

On June 30, 2015, the Company entered into an Assignment Agreement
with VyrexIP Holdings Inc., a company owned by Company shareholder Edward Gomez for the purchase of intellectual property. The
net price of these assets was comprised of a down payment of $16,116 and a $58,436 promissory note to the seller due July 15, 2016,
partially offset by assignment by the seller to the Company of a $38,000 promissory note due November 14, 2015, issued by the seller s
licensee Epalex Corporation, a company of which Mr. Gomez is chairman and a major stockholder. This note was paid in full in November
2015 in the amount of $42,579, including accrued interest. 

For each of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, amortization
expense was $61,045 and $219,813 and accumulated amortization of the intangible asset- intellectual property was $665,532 at December
31, 2015. 

Future amortization of the intangible asset   intellectual
property was as follows as of December 31, 2015: 

Year ending December 31:  

Note Payable at December 31, 2015 consists of $47,569 promissory
note to VyrexIP Holdings Inc. for the purchase of intellectual property. The Company has agreed to pay principal plus accrued interest
over 10 monthly payments of $6,080.64, each due on the 15th day of each month, beginning October 15th, 2015. 

Note 6   Stockholders  Deficiency  

Warrants  

The Company issued warrants on June 3, 2011 to various persons,
including affiliates of the Company, for services provided to the Company. These warrants covered the purchase of 1,855,000 unregistered
shares of the Company s stock at an exercise price of $1.05 per share with a five-year term. These share-based payments have
been accounted for in accordance with ASC 815-40 using the Black Scholes warrant pricing model to determine the fair value of each
warrant. As of December 31, 2015, all of these warrants were outstanding. 

On February 3, 2012, the Company issued warrants to purchase 500,000
unregistered shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share with a five-year term for settlement
of certain disputed amounts. These share-based payments have been accounted for in accordance with ASC 815-40 using the Black-Scholes
warrant pricing model to determine the fair value of each warrant. These warrants expired during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

In connection with the acquisition of Cornerstone (See Note 5),
on March 30, 2012, the Company issued warrants to purchase 300,000 unregistered shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging
from $2.00 to $4.00 per share. These warrants expire at various dates through December 2017. As of December 31, 2015, all
of these warrants were outstanding. 

During the second quarter of 2012, the Company issued warrants to
purchase 335,000 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share in association
with stock subscription agreements. These warrants expire on various dates through 2015. As of December 31, 2015, all of these
warrants were expired. 

During the third quarter of 2012, the Company issued warrants to
purchase 71,000 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share in association
with stock subscription agreements. These warrants expire July 30, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, all of these warrants were expired. 

During the fourth quarter of 2012, the Company issued warrants to
purchase 225,000 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share in association
with stock subscription agreements. These warrants expire October 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, all of these warrants were
expired. 

In December 2012, the Company issued three-year warrants to purchase
325,000 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $.41 per share in association with the
Secured Promissory Note (See Note 8). In December 2014, the expiration date of these warrants was extended to December 31, 2017. 

During January 2013, the Company issued
three-year warrants to purchase 75,000 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.41 per
share in association with the Secured Promissory Note (See  Note 8). In December 2014, the expiration date of these warrants
was extended to December 31, 2017. 

During March 2013, the Company issued
its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer five  year warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price
of $0.30 per share (market price on date of grant) in the amounts of 1,000,000 and 500,000 shares, respectively. The Company recognized
$210,000 in compensation expense. As of December 31, 2015, all of these warrants were outstanding. In October 2015,  these
warrants were repriced and extended with an exercise price of $.15 and a new expiration date of October 26, 2022 in connection
with a general repricing and extension of the Company options and warrants as set forth below in this Note 6. 

On December 1, 2013, the Company issued
additional three-year warrants to purchase 400,000 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price
equal to $0.21 per share (the average closing price of the common stock during the 10 trading days prior to December 1, 2013).
This was in association with the Secured Promissory Note (See  Note 8 ). In December
2015, the expiration date of these warrants was extended to December 31, 2018. As of December 31, 2015, all of these warrants
were outstanding.  

During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company revised the terms
of the 400,000 original warrants issued December 2012 and January 2013, extending the maturity dates to December
31, 2017 and the exercise price was reduced from $0.41 per share to $0.39 per share. The Company also revised the terms of the
additional 400,000 warrants issued December 1, 2013, to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2018 and the exercise
price was reduced from $.21 per share to $0.17 per share. 

A summary of warrants issued, exercised and expired during the
year ending December 31, 2015 is as follows: 

The warrant for the purchase of 25,000 shares of common stock has
a five-year term and was issued to a stockholder in September 2015 as additional consideration for a $25,000 loan.
See note 8. The fair market value of the warrant was determined to be $0.08 per share, or $2,000. 

The weighted average grant date fair value of warrants issued during
the year ended December 31, 2015 amounted to $0.08 per warrant. The fair value of each warrant granted for equity and debt raises
was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: 

The expected term of warrants granted is based on historical experience
with past warrant holders, and represents the period of time that warrants granted are expected to be outstanding. 

The warrant shares referred to above are unregistered shares of
the Company s stock and are restricted from trading as defined under Rule 144 of the United States Securities Act of 1933. 

On October 1, 2015, the Board of Directors agreed to extend all
outstanding management stock options and warrants (covering 3,500,000 shares) to a common expiration date of October 26, 2022,
and adjust the exercise prices to $0.15. The net effect of the change in the value of the repriced options and warrants was an
increase in stock based compensation expense of $208,000. 

The Company also issued new, immediately vesting, stock options
with an exercise price of $0.15 and an expiration date of October 26, 2022, to Richard Davis for 800,000; Hank Leibowitz for 500,000;
John Hofmann for 500,000; and Mark Prinz for 200,000. The fair market value of these options was determined to be $0.09 per option,
or $180,000, which reflects an increase in stock based compensation expense of $180,000. 

Note 7   Stock Options  

Stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2015, is
summarized as follows: 

Total stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31,
2015 and 2014 was $390,000 and $0 respectively. 

 There is no unrecognized stock compensation expense at December
31, 2015. 

Note 8 - Notes Payable to Related Parties  

Notes payable to related parties at December 31, 2015 consist
of notes payable to stockholders of $400,000 (issued in 2012), less unamortized discount of $12,885 related to common stock
warrants that had been issued to the stockholders with the notes. The discount is being amortized over the extended term of
the notes, which are due in one principal payment on December 31, 2016. Interest is payable semiannually at 10%. The notes
are collaterized by all receivables now or hereafter existing pursuant to the license agreement with VDF FutureCeuticals,
Inc. discussed in Notes 3 and 9. 

The notes payable to related parties at December
31, 2015 also includes a promissory note to a stockholder for $25,000. The principal balance and interest at 10% was due
March 30, 2016. This note was paid in full, with accrued interest, in February 2016. 

Payable to related party at December 31, 2015 consists primarily
of a $20,000 unsecured note payable to Company shareholder Edward Gomez bearing interest at 10%. On June 11, 2015, the lender extended
the maturity date on the balance of the note to July 31, 2016. 

Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies  

On June 25, 2015, Company consultant Hank Leibowitz assigned to
the Company a patent he obtained for a system and method for using high temperature sources in Rankine cycle power systems. The
Company has agreed to pay Mr. Leibowitz a 2% royalty for any and all revenues of products and/or project sales by the Company based
on the subject patent. 

The Company s license agreement with VDF FutureCeuticals,
Inc., which has generated all of the Company s revenues since 2012, will terminate in March 2018, when the underlying patents
expire. 

Note 10   Income Taxes  

Deferred income taxes are provided based on the provisions of ASC
Topic 740,  Accounting for Income Taxes , to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the
tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable
to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

Significant components of the Company s net deferred income
taxes are as follows: 

A reconciliation of the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to
the effective income tax rate (benefit) follows: 

In assessing the ability to realize a portion of the deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more than likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities and projected future taxable income in making the assessment. After consideration of the
evidence, both positive and negative, management has determined that a $4,144,741 valuation allowance at December 31, 2015 is
necessary. The change in the valuation allowance for the current year is $66,271, which represents the changes in the
deferred items. At December 31, 2015, the Company has available net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax
purposes of $6,115,670 expiring at various times from 2027 through 2032. 

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

Note 11- Related Party Transactions  

Since July 2010, the accounting firm J.L. Hofmann   Associates,
P.A. ( JLHPA ), whose principal is our CFO John L. Hofmann, has provided financial consulting and accounting services
to the Company. The Company paid $39,150 and $42,625 to JLHPA for its services in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Note 12   Subsequent Events   

See Note 8 regarding prepayment of a $25,000 note in February 2016. 

13 

<EX-10.24>
 2
 ex10_24.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.24

EXHIBIT 10.24  

ASSIGNMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT  

THIS
ASSIGNMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT is made as of the 30th day of June, 2015.  

BY: 
  VYREXIP HOLDINGS, INC.    a Wyoming corporation     (the  Assignor )   

IN FAVOR OF: 
  POWERVERDE INC. ,  a Delaware corporation.     (the  Assignee )   

WHEREAS , Assignor
is the owner of the inventions disclosed in the patents listed in Exhibit A attached hereto, any patent(s) issuing from such patents
and any patent(s) claiming priority thereto (the  Licensed Technology ); 

WHEREAS , pursuant
to a Patent License Agreement between Assignor as Licensor and Epalex Corporation ( Epalex ) as Licensee dated as of
July 11, 2011, as amended as of November 24, 2013 (the  License Agreement ), Assignor has granted to Epalex an exclusive
license to commercialize certain products using the Licensed Technology (the  Licensed Products ) in exchange for certain
consideration payable to or on behalf of Assignor; and 

WHEREAS , Assignor
wishes to sell, assign, convey and transfer to Assignee all of its right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Technology
and the License Agreement on the terms and conditions hereof, and Assignee is agreeable to same. 

NOW THEREFORE  in
consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree that the foregoing recitals are true and correct and further agree as follows: 

1.            
DEFINITIONS. 

(a)      Agreement    
means this Assignment of Intellectual Property Agreement and any schedules or appendices attached hereto and any amendments incorporated
by reference herein and signed by both parties;   

(b)      Person    
includes any individual, corporation, general or limited partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company,
trust, trustee, joint venture, association, government tribunal, government agency or organization or entity of any kind;   

(c)      Assigned Intellectual Property    
means all copyrights, copyright registrations, proprietary processes, trade secrets, license rights, specifications, technical
manuals and data, drawings, inventions, improvements, designs, patents, patent applications, mask works, tradenames, trademarks,
service marks, product information and data, know-how and development work-in-progress, customer lists, software, and other intellectual
or intangible property that comprise or are necessary to use, develop, perfect or practice the Licensed Technology including, but
not limited to, those set forth in the License Agreement, whether or not pending, applied for or issued, and whether or not filed
in the United States or in other countries, including all associated goodwill;    

2.             ASSIGNMENT 

2.1           Assignment.    
  The Assignor hereby transfers and assigns to the Assignee, all right,
title and interest that Assignor has or may have in or to the License Agreement and the   Assigned Intellectual Property,
now or in the future.   The foregoing assignment includes without
limitation any and all (i) licenses and sublicenses (implied and otherwise) granted and obtained with respect thereto, (ii) rights
thereunder, (iii) rights to protection of interests therein under the laws of all jurisdictions, (iv) associated rights for past,
present and future income, royalties or other payment with respect thereto, (v) associated rights to sue for any past, present
or future damages in relation to any infringement or misappropriation thereof, (vi) rights to receive assignments or transfers
thereof or licenses thereto, and (vii) associated goodwill.   To
the extent the foregoing assignment is ineffective for any reason in connection with any item or items of Intellectual Property
purported to be assigned hereby, it shall remain effective as to all other items of Intellectual Property and the Assignor hereby
grants to the Assignee the exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, worldwide right and license
(including the right to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to make, reproduce, perform, display, modify, create
derivative works of, use, sell, transfer and otherwise exploit, protect and enforce all rights in and to such item or items of
Assigned Intellectual Property for which the foregoing assignment is ineffective.  

2.2           Assumption.   
 Assignee herby assumes all obligations of Assignor as Licensor under the
License Agreement and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Assignor and its officers, directors, shareholders and affiliates from
and against all liabilities, claims, demands, losses and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney   s
fees and expenses) arising under the License Agreement.  

2.3          Waiver.    
  To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Assignor hereby
waives any moral rights or similar rights that Assignor has or may have in connection with the Assigned Intellectual Property.  

2.4          Further
Assurances.         The Assignor will promptly upon
the request of the Assignee assist the Assignee, at the Assignee   s
expense, in taking or causing to be taken all reasonable actions, steps and proceedings, and executing all applications, assignments,
documents or other instruments, as the Assignee may reasonably require in order   to vest absolute legal and beneficial ownership
of the rights referred to in section 2.1 above in the Assignee or to perfect the Assignee   s
title thereto anywhere in the world and (to the extent permissible under the applicable law) to procure for the Assignee (or its
nominees, assignees and successors) the exclusive, unfettered, right to use and exploit the Assigned Intellectual Property, subject
to the License Agreement.   The Assignor agrees to assist the Assignee
or its successor in interest, upon reasonable request and at Assignee   s
or Assignee   s successor in interest   s
expense in any pending or threatened suits or actions by third parties challenging the validity or enforceability of any rights
in or to any Assigned Intellectual Property to the extent such assistance is reasonably required to effectively defend such suits
or actions.  

2.5          Related
Assignments   .      The Assignor shall promptly
execute and deliver separate assignments in favor of the Assignee for the purposes of recording with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office, and such separate assignments and this Agreement will be construed together to effect the intent of the transfer
of the Assigned Intellectual Property set forth in Section 2.1 above.  

3.             PAYMENTS  

3.1          Reimbursement.   
 Immediately upon the execution of this Agreement, Assignee shall pay to
Assignor   s principal Edward C. Gomez $16,116 in reimbursement
of expenses paid by him on behalf of Assignor relating to the Licensed Technology.  

3.2          Expanded
Note.     Assignor hereby assigns to Assignee all of its right,
title and interest in and to the promissory note in the principal amount of $38,000 issued by Epalex to Assignor dated as of November
14, 2013 (the    Epalex Note   ). 
 Immediately upon the execution of this Agreement, Assignor shall deliver
to Assignee the original Epalex Note, duly endorsed to Assignee.  

3.3          Purchase
Note.     Immediately upon the execution of this Agreement,
Assignor shall execute and deliver to Assignee a promissory note in the principal amount of $58,435.80 in the form attached as
Exhibit B (the    Purchase Note   ).  

4.           REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES 

4.1          Representations
and Warranties of the Assignor.         The Assignor
hereby represents and warrants to the Assignee that:  

(a)  it is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Intellectual Property and related rights
assigned pursuant to this Agreement and has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement;  

(b)  as of the date hereof, Assignor and Assignee are in compliance in all material respects with their
respective obligations under the License Agreement;  

(c)  the Assignor has not previously assigned or otherwise encumbered any rights in or to the Assigned
Intellectual Property rights so as to derogate from this Assignment.   

5.            GENERAL
PROVISIONS  

5.1           Headings
and Subheadings  .   The inclusion in this Agreement of headings
and subheadings is for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.  

5.2          Gender
and Number  .   In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise
requires, words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa and words importing one gender include all genders.  

5.3          Invalidity
of Provisions  .   Each of the provisions contained in this
Agreement is distinct and severable and a declaration of invalidity or unenforceability of any such provision by a court of competent
jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.  

5.4          Entire
Agreement  .   This Agreement, together with any schedules
or appendices attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement
and there are no warranties, representations or agreements between the parties in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement
except as specifically set forth or referred to in this Agreement.  

5.5          Modification
and Waiver  .   This Agreement may not be modified unless agreed
to in writing by all of the parties hereto.   No extension of any
time limit granted by a party shall constitute an extension of any other time limit or any subsequent instance involving the same
time limit.   No consent by a party to, nor waiver of, a breach by
the other party, whether express or implied, shall constitute a consent to or waiver of or excuse for any other different or subsequent
breach, unless such waiver or consent is in writing and signed by the party claimed to have waived or consented.   Except
as otherwise provided herein, no term or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed waived and no breach excused.  

5.6          Counterparts  . 
 This Agreement may be signed in counterparts and each of such counterparts
shall constitute an original document and such counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.  

5.7          Facsimile
or Electronic Transmission  .   Each of the Assignor and Assignee
shall be entitled to rely upon delivery by facsimile, pdf or other means of electronic transmission of an executed copy of this
Agreement.  

5.8          Survival.     
   The parties agree that the provisions of this Agreement which
are intended to survive the termination of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall continue in
full force and effect and be binding upon the parties.  

5.9          Enurement.   
 This Agreement shall enure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the
Assignor and the Assignee and their respective successors, affiliates and permitted assigns.  

5.10        Governing
Law.     This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might govern under applicable principles of
conflicts of law. Venue for any dispute arising out of this Agreement shall be exclusively in the state and federal courts located
in Miami-Dade County, Florida, and each party hereby expressly submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and irrevocably
waives any objection to the laying of venue in such courts based on forum non conveniens.  

5.11        Recordings  . 
 Assignor hereby acknowledges that an executed copy of this Agreement and
executed copies of any subsequent or related assignments or documents provided pursuant to section 2.5 above, may be filed with
the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office or with the intellectual property authority of
any other country or region, as applicable, by Assignee or its successor in interest at any time.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF 
the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the date above first written. 

Assignor (VYREXIP HOLDINGS, INC.):  
       
      Assignee (POWERVERDE INC.):   

By: 
     /s/ Edward C. Gomez 
       
     By: 
     /s/ Richard Davis  
 
     Name: 
     Edward C. Gomez 
       
     Name: 
     Richard Davis  
 
     Title: 
     CEO 
       
     Title: 
     CEO  
 
     Date: 
     6/23/2015 
       
     Date: 
     6/22/2015  

EXHIBIT A   

U.S. Patent number: 6,254,853 

 Filing date: May 8, 1998 

 Issue date: Jul 3, 2001 

 Title: Water Soluble Pro-Drugs of Propofol 

 Inventors: Sheldon S. Hendler, Robert A. Sanchez, Jan Zielinski 

U.S. Patent number: 6,362,234 

 Filing date: August 15, 2000 

 Issue date: March 26, 2002 

 Title: Water-Soluble Prodrugs of Propofol
for Treatment of Migrane 

 Inventor: Sheldon S. Hendler 

and  all priority applications, divisionals, continuations,
continuations-in-part, substitutions, reissues, re-examinations, extensions thereof, and all corresponding United States and foreign
filings including all filings claiming priority to any of the foregoing, and including the right, but not the obligation, to sue
for past infringement. 

EXHIBIT B   

PROMISSORY
NOTE   

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, PowerVerde
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ) promises to pay to the order of VyrexIP Holdings, Inc. a Wyoming corporation
(the  Holder ), at such address as the Holder may designate from time to time, the principal sum of $58,435.80, together
with accrued interest at the rate of 6% per annum based on a 365-day year and actual days elapsed in the period for which such
interest is payable. The Company shall pay principal plus accrued interest pursuant to 10 monthly payments of $6084.84 each due
on the 15th day of each month beginning on October 15, 2015. The remaining principal balance of this Note, together with all unpaid
interest accrued, shall be due and payable on July 15, 2016 (the  Maturity Date ). Upon payment in full of all principal
and interest payable hereunder, this Note shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation. 

The Company may prepay
all or any part of the amounts outstanding under this Note without premium or penalty. 

The Company waives presentment,
demand, notice, protest, and all other demands or notices in connection with the delivery, performance, default or enforcement
of this Note. In the event of default hereunder, the Company shall, in addition to other sums due hereunder, pay all costs and
reasonable attorneys  fees incurred in connection with any action to collect this Note at the prelitigation, pretrial, trial
and appellate levels. 

The principal and any interest
shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the address of the Holder or at such other place as the legal
holder may designate from time to time in writing to the Company. 

The Company shall be in
default and the Holder may, by notice to the Company, declare the entire unpaid principal amount of the Note and all interest accrued
and unpaid thereon due and payable, and the same shall be forthwith due and payable, if the Company fails to make any payment due
hereunder within 10 days of the due date thereof, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or admits in writing its
inability to pay its debts as such debts become due, or applies for or consents to the appointment of or taking possession by a
trustee, receiver or liquidator (or other similar official) of any substantial part of its property, or commences a case or has
an order for relief or liquidation entered against it or has a custodian appointed under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or
hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, and such case or order
is not dismissed or stayed within 60 days. 

The Holder may waive any
past default hereunder and its consequences. In the case of any such waiver, the Company and the Holder shall be restored to their
former positions and rights hereunder, respectively; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair
any right consequent thereon. 

Upon any such waiver, such
default shall cease to exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, and any default arising therefrom shall
be deemed to have been cured, and not to have occurred for every purpose of this Note, and the interest rate hereon shall not be
deemed to have increased; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default impair any right consequent thereon. 

All references to the  Holder 
or the  Company  shall apply to their respective heirs, successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, this Note may not be assigned or transferred by the Company without the prior written consent of the Holder. 

This Note shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the undersigned has caused this Note to be signed by its duly authorized officer on the day and year first above written. 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  18 USC, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO   

  SECTIONS 302 AND 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I, Richard H. Davis, certify that: 

1.   
  I have reviewed this Form 10-K of PowerVerde, Inc.;    

2.   
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: October 20, 2016  

/s/ Richard H. Davis   

Richard H. Davis, Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  18 USC, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO   

  SECTIONS 302 AND 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I, John Hofmann, certify that: 

1.   
      I have reviewed this Form 10-K of PowerVerde, Inc.;    

2.   
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: October 20, 2016  

/s/ John L. Hofmann   

John L. Hofmann, Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002   

In connection with the Annual Report of PowerVerde,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard H. Davis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Richard H. Davis  

Richard H. Davis  

Chief Executive Officer   

Dated: October 20, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002   

In connection with the Annual Report of PowerVerde,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John L. Hoffman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ John L. Hofmann  

John L. Hofmann  

Chief Financial Officer   

Dated: October 20, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pwvi-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pwvi-20151231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pwvi-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pwvi-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pwvi-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pwvi-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

