<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161024_10-K_edgar_data_1091596_0001144204-16-129029_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10201526</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>898453</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>544748</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2661045</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4118028</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1717041</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>181</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-129029.hdr.sgml : 20161024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161021190118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-129029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001091596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				232958959
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32518
		FILM NUMBER:		161947080

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207A PERRY PARKWAY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG,
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20877
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-499-2680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207A PERRY PARKWAY,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG,
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20877

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nuo Therapeutics, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CYTOMEDIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTOLOGOUS WOUND THERAPY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000407

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-129029.txt : 20161024

10-K
 1
 v446039_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K  

(Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015  

 or 

For the transition period from _______________ to
_______________ 

Commission file number 001-32518  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       23-3011702    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      Identification No.)   

207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1  

  Gaithersburg, MD 20877  

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

(240) 499-2680  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act:  None  

 Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: 

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value  

 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   Yes         No    x  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes         No    x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes         No    x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes         No    x  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
 accelerated filer, large accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company  x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes         No    x  

The aggregate market value of voting common
stock, $0.0001 par value (the  New Common Stock ) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2016, the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $3.6 million based
on the $1.00 per share sales price of the shares of New Common Stock in a private placement of such stock completed in connection
with the registrant s emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016. The registrant does not have any non-voting common stock
outstanding. The New Common Stock is not currently trading on the OTC market. 

As of May 4, 2016, the day prior to the
registrant s emergence from bankruptcy, the number of shares outstanding of its common stock, $0.0001 par value (the  Old
Common Stock ) was 125,680,100. As of October 14, 2016, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s New Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value, was 9,927,112. 

APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS 

Indicate by check make whether the registrant has filed all
documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the
distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes         No    x  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   
      3   
 
       ITEM 1. Business   
      3   
 
       ITEM 1A. Risk Factors   
      16   
 
       ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments   
      29   
 
       ITEM 2. Properties   
      29   
 
       ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings   
      29   
 
       ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      29   
 
       PART II   
      30   
 
       ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      30   
 
       ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data   
      31   
 
       ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      32   
 
       ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      41   
 
       ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      41   
 
       ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      41   
 
       ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures   
      42   
 
       ITEM 9B. Other Information   
      43   
 
       PART III   
      43   
 
       ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      43   
 
       ITEM 11. Executive Compensation   
     49  
 
       ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      54   
 
       ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
      58   
 
       ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
      61   
 
       PART IV   
      62   
 
       ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   
      62   

Explanatory Note  

As described
in the section titled   Item 1. Business   Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy ,  the Company emerged
from bankruptcy protection effective May 5, 2016 in accordance with the  Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization of
the Debtor under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as confirmed by the April 25, 2016 Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure
Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization (as so confirmed, the  Plan of Reorganization ). 

During the pendency of its Chapter 11 case
and following the date of the Company s emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016, in addition to their regular financial
reporting duties, the Company s management team and finance and accounting personnel were required to devote significant
time and attention to matters relating to and on the preparation of materials required in connection with the Chapter 11 case and
the Plan of Reorganization, including monthly and quarterly reports which the Company filed under cover of Current Reports on Form
8-K.  

As a result, the Company was unable to
file this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (this  Annual Report ), Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2016 (the  First Quarter 10-Q ) and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended June 30, 2016 (the  Second Quarter 10-Q ) within the prescribed time periods because of the limitations
on staffing, the Company s limited financial resources and the significant additional burdens that the Chapter 11 case imposed
on the Company s available human and financial resources. Such inability could not have been eliminated by the Company without
unreasonable effort or expense. 

Following its emergence from bankruptcy
on May 5, 2016, the Company commenced the process of preparing the Annual Report, First Quarter 10-Q and Second Quarter 10-Q. 

This document represents the Annual Report.
It contains the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 and
the accompanying footnotes (the  2015 Financial Statements ), as well as a discussion comparing the Company s
results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 in the section titled   Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   (the  Period-to-Period Comparison ).
Unless otherwise specified therein, the historical financial and share-based information contained in the 2015 Financial Statements
and the Period-to-Period Comparison reflects the Company s status as of and for time periods that ended prior to the Company s
reorganization, and therefore is not indicative of the Company s current financial condition or results of operations from
and after May 5, 2016. 

More specifically, following the consummation
of the Plan of Reorganization, the Company s financial condition and results of operations from and after May 5, 2016 will
not be comparable to the financial condition or results of operations reflected in the Company s prior financial statements
(including those contained in this Annual Report) due to the Company s application of fresh-start accounting to time periods
beginning on and after May 5, 2016. Fresh-start accounting requires the Company to adjust its assets and liabilities contained
in its financial statements immediately before its emergence from bankruptcy protection to their estimated fair values using the
acquisition method of accounting. Those adjustments are material and affect the Company s financial condition and results
of operations from and after May 5, 2016. For that reason, it is difficult to assess our performance in periods beginning on or
after May 5, 2016 in relation to prior periods. 

The Company is contemporaneously herewith
filing its First Quarter 10-Q and Second Quarter 10-Q. Investors should note that the Company filed for bankruptcy protection during
the first quarter 2016 and emerged from bankruptcy protection during the second quarter 2016. The financial and share-based information
contained in the unaudited financial statements and period-to-period comparisons included in the Second Quarter 10-Q that relates
to dates and time periods from and after May 5, 2016 will therefore differ significantly from the corresponding information presented
in this Annual Report. 

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements  

Some of the information in this Annual
Report (including the section titled   Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  ) contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed
in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that
may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or achievements, and may contain the words  anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   the facts suggest,   will, 
 will be,   will continue,   will likely result,   could,   may  and
words of similar import. These statements reflect the Company s current view of future events and are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties as noted in this Annual Report and in other reports filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the following: 

our limited sources of working capital;   

our need for substantial additional financing and our ability to obtain that financing, whether
equity or debt, in the post-restructuring environment;   

our history of losses and future expectations;   

1   

our short history and limited operating experience;   

our and Restorix Health, Inc. s successful implementation of our Collaboration Agreement;   

whether the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ) will continue to consider
their treatment of the geometric mean cost of the services underlying the Aurix System, or Aurix, to be comparable to the geometric
mean cost of APC 5054 in the future;   

our ability to maintain classification of Aurix as Ambulatory Payment Classification ( APC )
5054;   

whether CMS will continue to maintain a national average reimbursement rate of $1,411 per Aurix
treatment, and, more generally, our ability to continue to be reimbursed at a profitable national average rate per application
in the future;   

uncertainties surrounding the timing of our ability to commence trading of our common stock on
an OTC market, the price at which our common stock will commence and continue trading, and the trading volume or liquidity of our
common stock;   

our ability to apply fresh start accounting as of and for periods beginning on or after the Effective
Date;   

our ability to meet our obligations under the Transition Services Agreement with the Deerfield
Lenders (defined below), as supplemented by the Three Party Letter Agreement (as defined below);   

our reliance on several single source suppliers and our ability to source raw materials at affordable
costs;   

our ability to protect our intellectual property;   

our compliance with governmental regulations;   

the success of our clinical study protocols under our Coverage with Evidence Development program;   

our ability to contract with healthcare providers;   

our ability to successfully sell and market the Aurix System;   

the acceptance of our products by the medical community;   

our ability to attract and retain key personnel; and   

our ability to successfully pursue strategic collaborations to help develop, support or commercialize
our products.   

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
these forward-looking statements. 

In addition to the risks identified under
the heading   Item 1.A. Risk Factors   in this Annual Report and the other filings referenced above, other sections
of this report may include additional factors which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we
operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible
for management to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business, or the
extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements
as a prediction of actual results. 

Finally, we can offer no assurances that
we have correctly estimated the resources necessary to execute under our existing customer agreements and seek partners, co-developers
or acquirers for our regenerative therapies post-reorganization. If a larger workforce or one with a different skillset is ultimately
required to implement our post-reorganization strategy successfully, or if we inaccurately estimated the cash and cash equivalents
necessary to finance our operations, or if we are unable to identify additional sources of capital if necessary to continue our
operations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected.   

The Company undertakes no obligation and
does not intend to update, revise or otherwise publicly release any revisions to its forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of any unanticipated events. 

Trademark Notice  

The Company owns or has rights to various
copyrights, trademarks and trade names used in its business, including, but not limited to, Aurix  and AutoloGel .
This Annual Report also includes discussions of or references to other trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies.
Other trademarks and trade names appearing in this Annual Report are the property of the holder of such trademarks and trade names. 

2   

PART I  

ITEM 1. Business  

Corporate Overview  

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. is a Delaware corporation
organized in 1998 under the name Informatix Holdings, Inc. As used in this report, the terms  we,   us, 
 Nuo Therapeutics,   Nuo  and the  Company  refer to Nuo Therapeutics, Inc., and its predecessors,
subsidiaries and affiliates, unless the context indicates otherwise. In 1999, Autologous Wound Therapy, Inc., or AWT, an Arkansas
Corporation, merged with and into Informatix Holdings, Inc. and the name of the surviving corporation was changed to Autologous
Wound Therapy, Inc. In 2000, AWT changed its name to Cytomedix, Inc., or Cytomedix. In 2001, Cytomedix, filed for bankruptcy under
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, after which Cytomedix was authorized to continue to conduct its business as a debtor and
debtor-in-possession. Cytomedix emerged from bankruptcy in 2002 under a Plan of Reorganization. At that time, all of Cytomedix s
securities or other claims against or equity interest in Cytomedix, were canceled and of no further force or effect. Holders of
certain securities, other claims or equity interests were entitled to receive new securities from Cytomedix in exchange for their
securities, other claims or equity interests prior to the bankruptcy. In September 2007, Cytomedix received 510(k) clearance for
the Aurix System, or Aurix (formerly known as the AutoloGel TM  System), from the U. S. Food and Drug Administration,
or FDA. In April 2010, Cytomedix acquired the Angel  Whole Blood Separation System, referred to as Angel or the Angel 
Business, from Sorin Group USA, Inc., or Sorin. In February 2012, Cytomedix, acquired Aldagen, Inc., or Aldagen, a privately held
developmental cell-therapy company located in Durham, NC. In 2014, Cytomedix changed its name to Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. In 2016,
Nuo Therapeutics filed for and emerged from bankruptcy under Chapter 11 as described below under  -  Bankruptcy and Emergence
from Bankruptcy .  Aldagen is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nuo Therapeutics. Our principal offices are located at 207A
Perry Parkway, Suite 1, Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877; and our telephone number is (240) 499-2680. 

Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Regions  

Through December 31, 2015, Nuo Therapeutics
had only one operating segment. Nuo Therapeutics primarily operates in the United States ( U.S. ). Revenues from sales
generated outside the U.S. are separately presented in this report under   Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data .  

Bankruptcy and Emergence
from Bankruptcy   

Realignment Plan 

On August 11, 2015, our Board of Directors
approved a realignment plan with the goal of preserving and maximizing, for the benefit of our stockholders, the value of our existing
assets. The plan eliminated approximately 30% of our workforce and was aimed at the preservation of cash and cash equivalents to
finance our future operations and support our revised business objectives. In addition, on December 4, 2015, the Company eliminated
an additional 22% of its workforce, or seven employees, and in January 2016, the Company eliminated four additional employees. 

Filing of Petition  

On January 26, 2016, the Company filed
a voluntary petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking
relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is administered under
the caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW) (the  Chapter 11 Case ). During the
pendency of the Chapter 11 Case, the Company continued to operate its business as a  debtor-in-possession  under the
jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the
Bankruptcy Court. 

In conjunction with the Company s
filing of the Chapter 11 Case, on January 29, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court granted the Company's motion and entered an interim order
which required certain notices and restricted proposed transfers of the Company's equity securities by any person or entity that
beneficially owned, or would have owned following a proposed transfer, at least 6,200,000 shares of the Company s common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the  Old Common Stock ), representing approximately 5.0% of the Company's issued
and outstanding shares at the time. 

DIP Financing 

In connection with the Chapter 11 Case,
on January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Company's interim debtor-in-possession financing ( DIP
Financing ) pursuant to terms set forth in a senior secured, superpriority debtor-in-possession credit agreement (the  DIP
Credit Agreement ), dated as of January 28, 2016, by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party
to the DIP Credit Agreement, including, but not limited to Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., Deerfield Private Design International
II, L.P., and Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P. (collectively, the  Deerfield Lenders  or  Deerfield )
and Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., as administrative agent (the  DIP Agent ) for the Deerfield Lenders. The Deerfield Lenders
comprised 100% of the lenders under the then-existing facility agreement by and among the Company and the Deerfield Lenders, entered
into as of March 31, 2014, as amended (the  Deerfield Facility Agreement ). 

3   

On March 9, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
approved on a final basis the Company's motion for approval of the DIP Credit Agreement and use of cash collateral, and approved
a Waiver and First Amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement (the  Waiver and First Amendment ) with the Deerfield Lenders
and DIP Agent, pursuant to which the DIP Credit Agreement was approved to include certain amendments, including the material terms
of the proposed restructuring of the prepetition and post-petition secured debt, unsecured debt and equity interests of the Company,
the terms of which were eventually effected pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (as defined below). The Waiver and First Amendment
provided for senior secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6,000,000 in post-petition financing (collectively,
the  DIP Loans ). In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective Date (as defined below), the DIP
Credit Agreement was terminated. 

Plan of Reorganization and Emergence from Bankruptcy  

On April 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
entered an Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization (the  Confirmation
Order ), which confirmed the Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization of the Debtor under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code (as confirmed, the  Plan of Reorganization ). 

The Plan of Reorganization contemplated
that, prior to the effective date of such plan (which would occur no later than May 5, 2016), the Company would seek to raise not
less than $10,500,000 in funding (of which $3,000,000 could be in the form of backstop irrevocable capital call commitments from
creditworthy obligors in the reasonable judgment of the Deerfield Lenders (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment ))
through a private placement of common stock of the reorganized Company (in such event, a  Successful Capital Raise ).
If the Company were unable to achieve a Successful Capital Raise, then the Plan of Reorganization contemplated alternative treatment
of certain claims and equity interests. The proposed treatment of claims and equity interests in the event of a Successful Capital
Raise was defined under the Plan of Reorganization as  Scenario A.  

The Company having met the conditions contemplated
for the Scenario A Successful Capital Raise, the Plan of Reorganization became effective on May 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ).
Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective Date (i) all equity interests of the Company, including but not
limited to all shares of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (including its redeemable common stock)(the
 Old Common Stock ), warrants and options, that were issuable or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Date, were cancelled, (ii) the Company s certificate of incorporation in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date was
amended and restated in its entirety, as described in the Company s Form 8-A filed on May 10, 2016 (such description is incorporated
herein by reference), (iii) the Company s by-laws in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date were amended and restated
in their entirety as described in the Company s Form 8-A filed on May 10, 2016 (such description is incorporated herein by
reference), and (iv) the Company issued New Common Stock, Warrants and Series A Preferred Stock (all as defined below). Under the
Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, it has the authority to issue a total of 32,500,000 shares
of capital stock, consisting of: (i) 31,500,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the  New Common Stock )
and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which will have such rights, powers and preferences as the
board of directors of the Company (the  Board of Directors ) shall determine. 

The Plan of Reorganization and the Confirmation
Order were filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 99.1, respectively, to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2016,
and are incorporated herein by reference. 

New Common Stock  

Recapitalization 

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares (the  Recapitalization Shares ) of New Common Stock to
certain accredited investors (the  Recapitalization Investors ) for gross cash proceeds of $7,300,000 and net cash
to the Company of $7,052,500 (the  Recapitalization Financing ).  200,000 of the 7,500,000 shares of New Common
Stock were issued in partial payment of an advisory fee.  The net cash amount excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering
expenses paid from the proceeds of the DIP Financing, which was converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date
as described below under  -  Series A Preferred Stock .  As part of the Recapitalization Financing, the Company
also issued warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Recapitalization Investors (the  Warrants ).
The Warrants terminate on May 5, 2021 and are exercisable at any time on or after November 5, 2016 at exercise prices ranging from
$0.50 per share to $1.00 per share. The number of shares of New Common Stock underlying a Warrant and its exercise price are subject
to customary adjustments upon subdivisions, combinations, payment of stock dividends, reclassifications, reorganizations and consolidations.
The form of Warrant was filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

The Recapitalization Shares and Warrants
were issued to the Recapitalization Investors pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated
thereunder. 

4   

A significant majority of the Recapitalization
Investors executed backstop commitments to purchase up to 12,800,000 additional shares of New Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of up to $3,000,000 (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment ). The Company cannot call the Backstop Commitment
prior to June 30, 2017. 

With respect to each Recapitalization Investor
who executed a Backstop Commitment, the commitment terminates on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company receives net
proceeds (after deducting all costs, expenses and commissions) from the sale of New Common Stock in the aggregate amount of the
Backstop Commitment, (ii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) have been redeemed by the Company
or (iii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are no longer owned by entities affiliated with Deerfield Mgmt, L.P.,
Deerfield Management Company, L.P., Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P., and Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P. (the  Termination
Date ). Under the terms of the Backstop Commitment, the Company is obligated to pay to the committed Recapitalization Investors
upon the Termination Date a commitment fee of $250,000 in the aggregate. 

As of the Effective Date, the Company entered
into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the Recapitalization Investors. The
Registration Rights Agreement provides certain resale registration rights to the investors with respect to securities obtained
in the Recapitalization Financing. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts
to prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a  shelf  registration statement covering the
resale of the shares of New Common Stock issued to the Recapitalization Investors on the Effective Date. The form of Registration
Rights Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Issuance of New Common Stock to Holders of Old Common
Stock 

As of the Effective Date, the Company issued
2,264,612 shares of New Common Stock (the  Exchange Shares ) to record holders of the Old Common Stock as of March
28, 2016 who executed and timely delivered the required release documents no later than July 5, 2016 in accordance with the Confirmation
Order and the Plan of Reorganization. The holders of Old Common Stock who executed and timely delivered the required release documents
are referred to as the  Releasing Holders.  

The 2,264,612 Exchange Shares were issued
as of the Effective Date to Releasing Holders who asserted ownership of a number of shares of Old Common Stock that matched the
Company s records or could otherwise be confirmed, at a rate of one share of New Common Stock for every 41.8934 shares of
Old Common Stock held by such holders as of March 28, 2016. In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, if the calculation would
otherwise have resulted in the issuance to any Releasing Holder of a number of shares of New Common Stock that is not a whole number,
then the number of shares actually issued to such Releasing Holder was determined by rounding down to the nearest number. 

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
the Exchange Shares were issued under the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section
1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. 

Issuance of New Common Stock in Exchange for Administrative
Claims 

As of June 20, 2016, the Company issued
162,500 shares of New Common Stock (the  Administrative Claim Shares ) pursuant to the Order Granting Application of
the Ad Hoc Equity Committee Pursuant to 11 U.S.C.    503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) for Allowance of Fees and Expenses Incurred
in Making a Substantial Contribution, entered by the Bankruptcy Court on June 20, 2016. The Administrative Claim Shares were issued
to holders of administrative claims under sections 503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code. Of the 162,500 shares, 100,000
shares were issued to outside counsel to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee of the Company s equity holders as payment of all remaining
allowed fees for legal services provided by such counsel, and 62,500 were issued to designees of the Ad Hoc Equity Committee who had granted
loans in an aggregate amount of $62,500 to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee in December 2015 as repayment of such loans. 

The Administrative Claim Shares were issued
under the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Rule 506 thereunder. 

Series A Preferred Stock  

On the Effective Date, the Company filed
a Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Certificate of Designations ) with the Delaware Secretary
of State, designating 29,038 shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as Series
A Preferred Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ). A copy of the Certificate of Designations is attached as Exhibit
3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2016, and is incorporated herein by reference. On the Effective
Date, the Company issued 29,038 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Deerfield Lenders in accordance with the Plan of Reorganization
pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code.
The Deerfield Lenders did not receive any shares of New Common Stock or other equity interests in the Company. 

5   

The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated
maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid
to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other
capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction.
For so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and
elect one member of the board of directors of the Company (the  Board of Directors ) and to have such director serve
on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of decisions
or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment. Lawrence Atinsky serves as the designee of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock,
which are all currently affiliates of Deerfield Management Company, L.P., of which Mr. Atinsky is a Partner. The Series A Preferred
Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a single class, representing approximately one percent (1%) of the
voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to approve certain
transactions. Under the Certificate of Designations, for so long as the Backstop Commitment remains in effect, a majority of the
members of the standing backstop committee of the Board of Directors may approve a drawdown under the Backstop Commitment. Among
other restrictions, the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock limits the Company s ability to (i)
issue securities that are senior or  pari passu  with the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) incur debt (other than for working
capital purposes not in excess of $3.0 million), (iii) issue securities that are junior to the Series A Preferred Stock and that
provide certain consent rights to the holders of such junior securities in connection with a liquidation or contain certain liquidation
preferences, (iv) pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock, and (v) change the authorized number of members of
its Board of Directors to a number other than five, in each case without the consent of holders representing at least two-thirds
of the outstanding shares Series A Preferred Stock. 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement; Transition
Services Agreement 

Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization,
on May 5, 2016, the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ),
the designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to its existing
license agreement with Arthrex, Inc. ( Arthrex ), and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual
property owned by the Company and licensed under such agreement, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. This
assignment and transfer was effected in exchange for a reduction of $15,000,000 in the amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield
Lenders pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. As a result of the assignment and transfer, the Aurix System currently represents
the Company s only commercial product offering. 

Pursuant to the Plan of
Reorganization, on May 5, 2016, the Company also entered into a Transition Services Agreement with the Assignee. The
Transition Services Agreement generally contemplates that, during a transition period, we will continue to provide for the
manufacture and supply to Arthrex of the Angel product line in accordance with the terms of the existing license agreement
with Arthrex, and to provide our full cooperation, as commercially reasonable, to assist Arthrex with the manufacture and
supply of the Angel product line. Initially, our obligation to provide such transition services was not to extend beyond
October 15, 2016 unless agreed between the Company and the Assignee. On October 20, 2016, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the  Three Party Letter Agreement )
with Arthrex and the Assignee, which extends the transition period under the Transition Services Agreement through January 15,
2017. The Assignment and Assumption Agreement and the Transition
Services Agreement were filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, to the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K dated May 5, 2016, and are incorporated herein by reference. The Three Party Letter Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.47 hereto, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Termination of Deerfield Facility Agreement and DIP
Credit Agreement  

On the Effective Date, the obligations
of the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and under the DIP Credit Agreement were cancelled in accordance with the
Plan of Reorganization and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. 

Board of Directors  

On the Effective Date, pursuant to the
Plan of Reorganization, the size of the Board of Directors was fixed at five members, Stephen N. Keith resigned from the Board
of Directors and Scott M. Pittman and Lawrence Atinsky were appointed to the Board of Directors. Joseph Del Guercio, David E. Jorden
and C. Eric Winzer remained on the Board of Directors. Mr. Atinsky was appointed to the Board of Directors by the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock. 

Trading in the New Common Stock   

The shares of New Common Stock are not
currently eligible for trading on an OTC market. The Company is working with its advisors to become current in its periodic reporting
obligations under the Exchange Act, to obtain FINRA approval for trading, and to obtain eligibility through the Depository Trust
Company for electronic distribution of shares to brokerage accounts. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful
in these endeavors. 

Our Business   

Nuo Therapeutics is a regenerative therapies
company developing and marketing products primarily within the U.S. We commercialize innovative cell-based technologies that harness
the regenerative capacity of the human body to trigger natural healing. The use of autologous (from self) biological therapies
for tissue repair and regeneration is part of a transformative clinical strategy designed to improve long term recovery in complex
chronic conditions with significant unmet medical needs. 

Our current commercial offering consists
of point of care technology for the safe and efficient separation of autologous blood to produce a platelet based therapy for the
chronic wound care market. During the year ended December 31, 2015, we had two distinct Platelet Rich Plasma ( PRP )
devices, the Aurix System for chronic wound care, and the Angel concentrated PRP ( cPRP ) system for usage generally
within the orthopedics market. Approximately 85% of our product sales during the year ended December 31, 2015 were in the United
States, where we sold Aurix through direct sales representatives and Angel via our distribution agreements with Arthrex. 

6   

As described above under   Bankruptcy
and Emergence from Bankruptcy ,  on May 5, 2016 the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield
SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), the designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights,
title and interest in and to its existing license agreement with Arthrex, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated
intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed under such agreement, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder.
On May 5, 2016, the Company and the Assignee also entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to continue
to service its existing license agreement with Arthrex for a transition period. As a result, the Aurix System currently represents
our only commercial product offering. 

Growth drivers in the United States include
the treatment of chronic wounds with Aurix in (i) the Veterans Affairs ( VA ) healthcare system and other federal accounts
settings and (ii) the Medicare population under a National Coverage Determination ( NCD ) when registry data is collected
under the Coverage with Evidence Development ( CED ) program of the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ). 

Aurix System    

In October 2014, we relaunched our AutoloGel
chronic wound care system under the Aurix brand, as a part of our strategic plan for the commercialization of Aurix in the U.S.
chronic wound care market. 

The Aurix   System is a point
of care device for the rapid production of a platelet based bioactive wound treatment derived from a small sample of the patient s
own blood. Aurix is cleared by the FDA for use on exuding wounds and is currently marketed in the chronic wound market. The advanced
wound care market, within which Aurix competes, is composed of advanced wound care dressings, wound care devices, and wound care
biologics, and is estimated to be an approximate $12.5 billion global market according to the visiongain Advanced Wound Care Market
Forecast 2015-2025, published in 2015. The most significant growth driver for Aurix is the 2012 NCD from CMS, which reversed a
twenty year old non-coverage decision for autologous blood derived products used in wound care. The Company s recent collaboration
with Restorix Health, Inc. ( Restorix ) (as described below) is strategically intended to drive patient enrollment
in the data registry protocols being conducted under the CED program. 

Using the patient s own platelets
as a therapeutic agent, Aurix harnesses the body s natural healing processes to deliver growth factors, chemokines and cytokines
known to promote angiogenesis and to regulate cell growth and the formation of new tissue. Once applied to the prepared wound bed,
the biologically active platelet gel can restore the balance in the wound environment to transform a non-healing wound to a wound
that heals naturally. There have been nine peer-reviewed scientific and clinical publications demonstrating the effectiveness of
Aurix in the management of chronic wounds since the device and gel was cleared by the FDA in 2007. 

CMS previously advised us that payment
levels for reimbursement claims with respect to Aurix would be reviewed annually and subject to change. Any decision by CMS to
decrease payment rates for reimbursement claims will negatively impact the Company's economic value proposition for Aurix in the
market for advanced wound care therapies, and could have material adverse effects on the Company s financial position and
results of operations. 

In July 2015, CMS released the proposed
Hospital Outpatient Prospective Payment System (HOPPS) rule for calendar year 2016. In it, CMS proposed a national average reimbursement
rate for calendar year 2016 of $305 per Aurix treatment. The Company worked with CMS to establish a higher rate in the CMS 
final rule for calendar year 2016 issued on October 30, 2015. The final national average reimbursement rate under HOPPS for calendar
year 2016 was established at $1,411 per treatment effective January 1, 2016, with Aurix placed in Ambulatory Payment Classification
( APC ) 5054 (Level 4 Skin Procedures). In the text of the ruling, CMS commented they believed the geometric mean cost
of the services underlying Aurix is comparable to the geometric mean cost of APC 5054. In July 2016, CMS released the proposed
HOPPS rule for calendar year 2017. In it, CMS proposed the continuation of a national average payment of $1,411 per treatment.
The final national reimbursement rate for 2017 has not yet been established and could be above or below the proposed rate. 

The Company s Aurix revenues in VA
facilities are unaffected by CMS determined reimbursement rates, as the Company establishes an agreed price on the Federal Supply
Schedule for use of Aurix   in federal healthcare facilities. 

In September 2009, we entered into an original
license and distribution agreement with Millennia Holdings, Inc. ( Millennia ) for the Company s Aurix System
in Japan. Subsequently, Millennia collected and published clinical data for regulatory purposes and expanded the utilization of
Aurix throughout their network.  

In January 2015, we granted to Rohto Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. ( Rohto ) a royalty bearing, nontransferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use
certain of the Company s intellectual property for the development, import, use, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution
for all wound care and topical dermatology applications of the Aurix System and related intellectual property and know-how in human
and veterinary medicine in Japan in exchange for an upfront payment from Rohto of $3.0 million. The agreement also contemplates
additional royalty payments based on the net sales of Aurix in Japan and an additional cash payment of $1.0 million if and when
the reimbursement price for the national health insurance system in Japan has been achieved after marketing authorization as described
below. 

7   

In conjunction with the Rohto license,
we amended our licensing and distribution agreement with Millennia to terminate the agreement and to allow us to transfer the Japanese
exclusivity rights from Millennia to Rohto. In connection with this amendment, we paid a one-time, non-refundable fee of $1.5 million
to Millennia upon our receipt of the $3.0 million upfront payment from Rohto, are required to make a one-time, non-refundable payment
of $0.5 million upon our receipt of the $1.0 million milestone payment from Rohto, and may be required to make future royalty payments
to Millennia based upon net sales in Japan. Millennia has been instrumental in establishing the advanced wound care market in Japan,
and will continue to work with Rohto to develop the market for Aurix in that market. Further, Rohto has assumed responsibility
for securing the Marketing Authorization ( MA ) from Japan s Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare ( MHLW ),
while we will provide relevant product information, as well as clinical and other data to support Rohto s regulatory initiatives. 

The license agreement with Rohto and the
amendment to our licensing and distribution agreement with Millennia are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.32 and 10.33, respectively,
and are incorporated herein by reference. 

On March 22, 2016, we entered into a Collaboration
Agreement (the  Collaboration Agreement ) with Restorix, pursuant to which we agreed to provide Restorix with certain
limited geographic exclusivity benefits over a defined period of time for the usage of the Aurix System in up to 30 of the approximately
125 hospital outpatient wound care clinics with which Restorix has a management contract (the  RXH Partner Hospitals ),
in exchange for Restorix making minimum commitments of patients enrolled in three prospective clinical research studies primarily
consisting of patient data collection (the  Protocols ) necessary to maintain exclusivity under the Collaboration Agreement.
The Collaboration Agreement will initially continue for a two-year period, subject to one or more extensions with the mutual consent
of the parties. 

Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement,
the Company agreed to provide: (i) clinical support services by its clinical staff as reasonably agreed between the Company and
Restorix as necessary and appropriate, (ii) reasonable and necessary support regarding certain reimbursement activities, (iii)
coverage of Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) fees and payment to Restorix for certain training costs subject to certain
limitations and (iv) community-focused public relations materials for participating RXH Partner Hospitals to promote the use of
Aurix and participation in the Protocols. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, Restorix agreed to: (i) provide access and support
as reasonably necessary and appropriate at up to 30 RXH Partner Hospitals to identify and enroll patients into the Protocols, including
senior executive level support and leadership to the collaboration and its enrollment goals and (ii) reasonably assist the Company
to correct through a query process, any patient data submitted having incomplete or inaccurate data fields. 

Subject to the satisfaction of certain
conditions, during the term of the Collaboration Agreement: (i) Restorix will have site specific geographic exclusivity for usage
of Aurix in connection with treatment of patients in the Protocols within a 30 mile radius of each RXH Partner Hospital, and (ii)
other than with respect to existing CED sites, the Company will not provide corporate exclusivity with any other wound management
company operating in excess of 19 wound care facilities for any similar arrangement. 

Under the Collaboration Agreement, the
Company will pay Restorix or the RXH Partner Hospital, as the case may be, a per patient data collection (administrative) fee upon
full completion and delivery of a patient data set. In addition, the Company is responsible to pay for any IRB fees necessary to
conduct the Protocols and enroll patients, and to pay Restorix a training cost stipend per site. Each RXH Partner Hospital will
pay the Company the then current product price ($700 in 2016, and no greater than $750 in the remainder of the initial term) as
set forth in the Collaboration Agreement. 

The Collaboration Agreement may be terminated
by either party for a material breach, subject to a 60 day cure period. The Agreement is further subject to certain covenants regarding
confidentiality, assignment, indemnification and limitations on liability, as well as certain representations and warranties of
the parties. 

The Collaboration Agreement is attached
hereto as Exhibit 10.39 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Effective as of May 5, 2016, the Company
and Boyalife Hong Kong Ltd. ( Boyalife ), an entity affiliated with the Company s significant shareholder, Boyalife
Investment Fund I, Inc., entered into an Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement (the  Boyalife Distribution Agreement )
with an initial term of five years, unless the agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. Under this agreement,
Boyalife received a non-transferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use certain of the Company s
intellectual property relating to its Aurix System for the purposes and in the territory specified below. Under the agreement,
Boyalife is entitled to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute the Aurix Products in greater China
(China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau) for all regenerative medicine applications, including but not limited to wound care and topical
dermatology applications in human and veterinary medicine.  Aurix Products  are defined as the combination of devices
to produce a wound dressing from the patient s blood - as of May 5, 2016 consisting of centrifuge, wound dressing kit and
reagent kit. Under the Boyalife Distribution Agreement, Boyalife is obligated to pay the Company (a) $500,000 within 90 days of
approval of the Aurix Products by the China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ), but no earlier than December 31,
2018, and (b) a distribution fee per wound dressing kit and reagent kit of $40, payable quarterly, subject to an agreement by
the parties to discuss in good faith the appropriate distribution fee if the pricing of such kits exceeds the current general
pricing in greater China. Under the agreement, Boyalife is entitled, with the Company s approval (not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) to procure devices from a third party in order to assemble them with devices supplied by the Company to make
the Aurix Products. Boyalife also has a right of first refusal with respect to the Aurix Products in specified countries in the
Asia Pacific region excluding Japan and India, exercisable in exchange for a payment of no greater than $250,000 in the aggregate.
If Boyalife files a new patent application for a new invention relating to wound dressings, the Aurix Products or the Company s
technology, Boyalife will grant the Company a free, non-exclusive license to use such patent application outside greater China
during the term of the Boyalife Distribution Agreement. 

The Boyalife Distribution Agreement is
attached hereto as Exhibit 10.41 and incorporated herein by reference. 

8   

Angel Product Line   

The Angel cPRP System, acquired from Sorin
Group USA, Inc. in April 2010, is designed for single-patient use at the point of care, and provides a simple and flexible means
for producing quality concentrated PRP and platelet poor plasma ( PPP ) from a small sample of whole blood or bone
marrow. The Angel cPRP System is a multi-functional cell separation device which produces cPRP for use in the operating room and
clinic and is generally used in a range of orthopedic indications. 

In August 2013, we entered into a Distributor
and License Agreement with Arthrex, Inc. ( Arthrex ). Under the terms of this agreement, Arthrex obtained the exclusive
rights to sell, distribute, and service the Angel cPRP System and activAT throughout the world for all uses other than chronic
wound care. We granted Arthrex a limited license to use our intellectual property as part of enabling Arthrex to sell these products.
Pursuant to this license, Arthrex purchased these products from us at cost to distribute and service in exchange for payments based
on a certain royalty rate depending on volume of the products sold. As described below, we have assigned the right to this royalty
stream to Deerfield SS, LLC pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. 

On October 16, 2015, the Company entered
into an Amended and Restated License Agreement (the  Amended Arthrex Agreement ) with Arthrex, which amended and restated
the original agreement. Under the terms of the Amended Arthrex Agreement, the Company granted Arthrex an exclusive, irrevocable,
worldwide, sub-licensable, transferable license to the Angel Patents (as defined in the following sentence) to research, develop,
make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, have sold, distribute and have distributed, import and have imported, the Angel 
Concentrated Platelet System ( Angel ) product line (including, without limitation, the activeAT disposables and associated
components) and certain new enhanced products within the Exclusive Field of Use (as defined in the following sentence) and (B)
a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable, transferable license to the Angel Patents to research, develop, make,
have made, use, sell, offer for sale, have sold, distribute and have distributed, import and have imported, Angel and certain new
enhanced products within (a) nonsurgical aesthetics markets in the United Kingdom and Ireland subject to certain license rights
granted to Biotherapy Services Ltd. and (b) any wound care applications (i) worldwide, outside the United States, its territories
and possessions and (ii) in the United Kingdom and Ireland subject to certain license rights granted to Biotherapy Services Ltd.
(the  Non-Exclusive Field of Use ). For purposes of the Amended Arthrex Agreement, the  Exclusive Field of Use 
consists of uses in human and veterinary applications except those described in the Non-Exclusive Field of Use, and  Angel
Patents  are those patents used in the technology required, or previously used by the Company, to make, use and sell the
Angel product line. The Company also transferred to Arthrex all of its rights and title to product registration and intellectual
property (other than patents) related to Angel. In connection with the Amended Arthrex Agreement, the Deerfield Lenders irrevocably
released their liens on the product registration rights and intellectual property assets (other than patents) transferred by the
Company to Arthrex. The Amended Arthrex Agreement provided that, on a date to be determined by Arthrex, but not later than March
31, 2016, Arthrex would assume all rights related to the manufacture and supply of the Angel product line. The Amended Arthrex
Agreement, as supplemented in April 2016, is referred to collectively as the  Arthrex Agreement.  

Under the Arthrex Agreement,
the Company has the right to receive certain royalties through 2024. However, pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, on May
5, 2016, the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC ( Assignee ),
the designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to
the Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property and royalty and payment
rights owned by the Company and licensed thereunder. Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, on May 5, 2016, the Company and
the Assignee also entered into a Transition Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to continue to service
the Arthrex Agreement for a transition period. The Transition Services Agreement generally contemplates that, during
this transition period, we will continue to provide for the manufacture and supply to Arthrex of the Angel product line
in accordance with the terms of the Arthrex Agreement, and to provide our full cooperation, as commercially reasonable, to
assist Arthrex with the manufacture and supply of the Angel product line, notwithstanding the original March 31, 2016
assumption deadline for Arthrex described above. Initially, our obligation to provide such transition services was not to
extend beyond October 15, 2016 unless agreed between the Company and the Assignee. 

On October 20, 2016, the Company entered into the Three Party Letter Agreement with Arthrex and the Assignee,
which extends the transition period under the Transition Services Agreement through January 15, 2017. Under the terms of the Three
Party Letter Agreement, subject to Arthrex making a payment of $201,200 to the Company on October 28, 2016, (a) the Company has
sold, conveyed, transferred and assigned to Arthrex its title and interest in the Company s inventory of Angel products (including
spare parts therefor) and production equipment, and (b) the Assignee is obligated to make three equal payments of $33,333.33 each
to the Company as consideration for the extension of the transition period. Under the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement,
the Company will have no further obligations under the Transition Services Agreement or the Amended Arthrex Agreement after January
15, 2017. The agreement contains a full and irrevocable release of Arthrex by the Company with respect to any actions, claims or
other liabilities for payments of Royalty (as defined in the Amended Arthrex Agreement) owed to the Company based on sales of Angel
products occurring on or before June 30, 2016, and a full and irrevocable release of the Company and the Assignee by Arthrex with
respect to any actions, claims or other liabilities arising under the Amended Arthrex Agreement as of the date of the Three Party
Letter Agreement. Neither Arthrex nor the Assignee assumed any liabilities or obligations of the Company in connection with the
Three Party Letter Agreement. 

ALDHbr, or Bright Cell, Technology and
Clinical Development Pipeline  

The Company acquired the ALDHbr  Bright
Cell  technology as part of our acquisition of Aldagen in February 2012. The Bright Cell technology is a novel approach to
cell-based regenerative medicine with potential clinical indications in large markets with significant unmet medical needs, such
as peripheral arterial disease and ischemic stroke. The Bright Cell technology is unique in that it utilizes an intracellular enzyme
marker to facilitate fractionation of essential regenerative cells from a patient s bone marrow. This core technology was
originally licensed by Aldagen from Duke University and Johns Hopkins University (JHU). The proprietary bone-marrow fractionation
process identifies and isolates active stem and progenitor cells expressing high levels of the enzyme aldehyde dehydrogenase, or
ALDH, which is a key enzyme involved in the regulation of gene activities associated with cell proliferation and differentiation.
These select, autologous biologically instructive cells have the potential to promote the repair and regeneration of multiple types
of cells and tissues, including the growth of new blood vessels, or angiogenesis, which is critical to the generation of healthy
tissue. 

9   

Reorganization of Research and Development
Operations related to the Bright Cell Technology   

Following the January 2014 completion of
the trial enrollment in the RECOVER-Stroke trial, in May 2014 we announced preliminary efficacy and safety results of this Phase
2 clinical trial in patients with neurological damage arising from ischemic stroke and treated with ALD-401. Observed improvements
in the primary endpoint (mean modified Rankin Score) of the trial were not clinically or statistically significant. In light of
this outcome, we discontinued further direct funding of the clinical development program, and in connection therewith, closed the
Aldagen research and development facility in Durham, NC.    

Continued Clinical Investigation
and Development of Bright Cell Technology   

Notwithstanding the discontinuation of
further direct funding of clinical development, an ongoing Phase 2 clinical study (PACE) in intermittent claudication (a condition
associated with peripheral arterial disease) has continued under the sole funding of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute
( NHLBI ), a division of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) and in collaboration with the Cardiovascular
Cell Therapy Research Network. This study enrolled 82 patients and trial enrollment concluded in January 2016. Clinical study results
are expected to be publicly available in the fourth quarter of 2016 with presentation at a major medical meeting. The Bright Cell
technology is also being investigated in a Phase 1 clinical trial in grade IV malignant glioma following surgery being conducted
by Duke University and funded externally. 

Customer Concentration  

In 2015, our revenues consisted of product
sales of approximately $6.4 million, license fee revenue of approximately $3.4 million (related primarily to a one-time license
fee paid under the Rohto agreement) and royalties of approximately $1.7 million. In 2015, we recorded product sales to approximately
54 customers. Sales to Arthrex at cost accounted for approximately 90% of our total product sales. No other single customer accounted
for more than 5% of our total product sales. 

Patents, Licenses, and Property Rights

Nuo Therapeutics relies on a combination
of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and copyright laws, as well as confidentiality agreements, contractual provisions, and other
similar measures, to establish and protect its intellectual property. 

Historically, the Company has been party
to certain royalty agreements relating to its intellectual property under which it pays certain fees, and has acquired additional
royalty agreements as part of the acquisition of Aldagen. Currently, the Company is paying royalties under the following agreements: 

The inventor is entitled
to receive a royalty equal to 5% of gross profits on revenues generated from reliance on the Worden Patents (U.S. patents 6,303,112
and 6,524,568), covering the formulation of Aurix. In conjunction with the release of a security interest in the applicable patents
securing our payment obligations under a royalty agreement, we paid the inventor a lump sum $500,000 payment in February 2013
in satisfaction of all remaining minimum monthly royalty payments. In addition, the annual maximum royalty payment was raised
to $625,000 from $600,000 in conjunction with the amendment. Finally, the Company has no annual royalty obligation unless and
until the calculated annual royalty obligation exceeds $100,000 in a given year. This agreement terminates with the expiration
of the patents in 2019.  

Under our license agreement,
as amended, with JHU, JHU has granted us an exclusive, worldwide license, under its patents relating to flow sorting of stem cell
populations based on a fluorescent ALDH substrate (the  JHU Patents ). Under the terms of the JHU license agreement,
as amended, we are obligated to pay a 3% royalty on revenues relating to therapeutic products based on the JHU Patents, and up
to 7% on revenues relating to other products based on the JHU patents, subject to an annual minimum of $10,000. We must also pay
up to $222,500 in the aggregate upon the satisfaction of specified development milestones. The Company bears all costs to maintain
the patents. This agreement terminates with the expiration of the patents in 2016.  

Under our license agreement
with Duke, Duke has granted us an exclusive, worldwide license under its patents and applications that relate to methods for isolating
and manufacturing ALDH Bright Cell populations (the  Duke Patents ). Under the terms of the Duke license agreement,
we are obligated to pay up to a 1% royalty to Duke on all revenues relating to the Duke Patents, subject to an annual minimum
or $5,000 (which will increase to $25,000 upon the achievement of specified development and commercialization milestones). The
Company bears all costs to maintain the patents. This agreement terminates with the expiration of the patents in 2018.  

Nuo Therapeutics  patent strategy,
designed to maximize value, seeks to: (i) assist the Company in establishing significant market positions for its products, (ii)
attract strategic partners for collaborative research, development, marketing, distribution, or other agreements, which could include
milestone payments to the Company, and (iii) generate revenue streams via out-licensing agreements. 

Nuo Therapeutics  current patent
portfolio consists of domestic and international patents that generally fall into the following families: 

10   

The above patent families encompass the
Company s Aurix product, homologous growth factors, wound-healing biomarkers, ALDH Bright Cell populations, and several other
potential therapies. Nuo Therapeutics is continually assessing new opportunities to create or in-license other intellectual property
assets. These patents have expiration dates ranging from 2018 to 2027.As described in   Angel Product Line   above,
the Company has assigned to Deerfield SS, LLC the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement, and
transferred and assigned to Deerfield SS, LLC associated intellectual property and royalty and payment rights owned by the Company
and licensed thereunder. Patents so transferred and assigned do not appear in the list of patent families above. 

Business Strategy  

Our corporate and strategic focus is on
the successful execution and completion of the clinical data registry protocols of Aurix under the CMS CED program. Only upon the
successful conclusion of those data collection efforts and the submission of the resulting data to CMS can broad access and unhindered
commercial reimbursement of Aurix be achieved (although there are no assurances that broad access and unhindered commercial reimbursement
will in fact be achieved). Such an occurrence would substantially broaden the access to a novel therapeutic such as Aurix among
Medicare beneficiaries which represent the majority of chronic wound patients in the United States. We believe that the market
for innovative cell-based technologies that harness the regenerative capacity of the human body to trigger natural healing represents
a significant opportunity from both a medical and a business perspective. Our immediate goal remains to successfully commercialize
our Aurix System while remaining opportunistic to capitalize on any value creating clinical results that become available with
respect to the Bright Cell technology platform. Key elements of our strategy to achieve these goals include: 

To advance the commercialization of Aurix for the treatment of chronic wound care in the U.S.,
we have initiated a collaboration with Restorix, a leading wound care management company operating approximately 125 outpatient
wound care facilities generally as a part of a broader hospital facility. The CED data registry protocols require the collection
of wound healing data including Quality of Life metrics for a study population of approximately 2,200 total patients across three
separate wound etiology protocols. The Restorix collaboration is intended to efficiently and effectively enroll these patients
in a coordinated manner via a collaborative approach of the two companies. We have also deployed a modest direct sales force focused
on clinical and commercial adoption within the Veterans Affairs medical system as well as other federal healthcare facilities.
To support our CED efforts, we have also hired and deployed a small team of clinical affairs professionals. The clinical affairs
group is focused on both support of health care providers and facilities in their use of Aurix as well as facilitating the collection
of the clinical data required to fulfill the Aurix Medicare CED requirements.   

While we are currently focused
on the commercialization of our FDA cleared Aurix System in the U.S., a secondary priority for us is to locate strategic resources
to support the continued development and commercial introduction of our products in markets outside the U.S. In furtherance thereof,
in January 2015 we signed an exclusive licensing and distribution agreement for the Aurix System with Rohto providing them with
an exclusive license and the right to develop and commercialize Aurix in the Japanese market. The agreement also contemplates additional
royalty payments based on the net sales of Aurix in Japan and an additional future cash payment in the event a specific milestone
is met. Rohto has assumed all responsibility for securing the MA from Japan s MHLW, while we will provide relevant product
information, as well as clinical and other data to support Rohto s regulatory activities. Effective as of May 5, 2016, we
entered into an exclusive licensing and distribution agreement for the Aurix System with Boyalife. Under this agreement, Boyalife
received a non-transferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use certain of the intellectual property relating
to our Aurix System. Under the agreement, Boyalife is entitled to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute
Aurix in greater China (China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau) for all regenerative medicine applications, including but not limited
to wound care and topical dermatology applications in human and veterinary medicine. For additional detail on the Rohto and Boyalife
agreements, please refer to   - The Aurix System   above. 

Depending on the clinical study data expected to be reported in the fourth quarter 2016 in the
PACE study in intermittent claudication, we intend to remain opportunistic to value creating possibilities with regards to the
Bright Cell technology.   

An important priority for us is to manage our overall costs and expenditures while focusing on
the completion of the CED protocols. We will require significant additional capital over time to fully support an expanded commercialization
initiative designed to increase market adoption and penetration of Aurix after completion of the CED protocols. See,  Item
7   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Capital
Resources.    

11   

Government Regulation  

Government authorities in the U.S., Canada,
the European Union, and other countries extensively regulate pharmaceutical products, biologics, and medical devices. The Company s
products and product candidates are subject to approval or clearance by the governing bodies prior to and during the marketing
and distribution of a product. Regulatory requirements apply to, but are not limited to, research and development, safety and efficacy,
clinical studies, manufacturing, labeling, distribution, advertising and marketing, and the import and export of products. Before
a product candidate is approved by the governing bodies for commercial marketing, rigorous preclinical and human clinical testing
may be necessary to conduct to determine the safety and efficacy or effectiveness of the product. If the Company fails to comply
with the applicable laws and regulations at any time during the product development process, approval or clearance process, or
during commercialization, it may become subject to administrative and/or judicial sanctions. These sanctions may include, but are
not limited to, refusal to approve or clear pending applications, withdrawals of approvals, clinical holds, warning letters, product
recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of the Company s operations, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and/or
criminal prosecution. Any enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Medical Device Regulation   

The Company currently manufactures and
distributes the Aurix System. As such, this and future products manufactured and/or distributed by the Company may be subject to
regulations by the applicable governing bodies, including but not limited to, the FDA, Health Canada, the European Medicines Agency,
the Japanese Ministry of Health   Welfare, and other regulatory agencies. The Company currently has limited business development
initiatives outside of the U.S. Each of the governing bodies, noted above, serve a similar function as the FDA. As such, the Company
and its products and product candidates are subject to the regulations enforced by the outside governing bodies. These regulations
include, but are not limited to, product clearance, documentation requirements, good manufacturing practices and medical device
reporting. Labeling and promotional activities are also subject to regulation by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, in certain
circumstances. Current enforcement policies prohibit the marketing of approved medical devices for unapproved uses. Each governing
body reviews the labeling and advertising of medical devices to ensure that unapproved uses are not promoted. Before a new medical
device can be introduced to the market, the manufacturer must obtain clearance or approval from the applicable regulatory agency,
depending upon the device classification. In the U.S., medical devices are classified into one of three classes   Class
I, II, or III. The regulations enforced by the FDA and/or the appropriate governing bodies to the medical device(s) provide reasonable
assurance that the device is safe and effective. In the U.S., Class I devices are non-critical products that the FDA believes can
be adequately regulated by  general controls  which include provisions relating to labeling, manufacturer registration,
defect notification, records and reports, and current good manufacturing practices ( cGMP ) based on the FDA s
Quality Systems Regulations. Most Class I devices are exempt from pre-market notification and some are also exempt from cGMP requirements.
Class II devices are products for which the general controls of Class I devices, by themselves, are not sufficient to assure safety
and effectiveness and, therefore, require additional controls. Additional controls for Class II devices may include performance
standards, post-market surveillance patient registries, and the use of FDA guidelines. Standards may include both design and performance
requirements. Class III devices have the most restrictive controls and require pre-market approval by the FDA. Generally, Class
III devices are limited to life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices. All of the governing bodies with responsibility
over the Company s products have the ability to inspect medical device manufacturers, order recalls of medical devices in
some circumstances, seize non-complying medical devices, and to pursue prosecution of either civil or criminal violations. 

Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act ( FDCA ) requires individuals or companies manufacturing medical devices intended for human use to
file a notice with the FDA at least ninety days before intending to introduce the device into the market. This notice, commonly
referred to as a 510(k) premarket notification, must identify the type of classified device into which the product falls, the class
of that type, and a specific product already being marketed or cleared by the FDA and to which the product is  substantially
equivalent . In some instances, the 510(k) must include data from human clinical studies to establish  substantial
equivalence . The FDA must agree with the claim of  substantial equivalence  before the device can be marketed.
The statutory time frame for clearance of a 510(k) is ninety days, though it often takes longer. Nuo Therapeutics currently markets
only products that are subject to 510(k) clearance. 

The Company currently markets the Aurix
System, consisting of the Aurix Wound Dressing Kit, Aurix Reagent Kit, and Aurix System Centrifuge II. Each System s component
is a legally-marketed product that has been cleared by FDA and/or the appropriate governing body. The Aurix System Centrifuge II,
when used with the Aurix Wound Dressing Kit and Aurix Reagent Kit, are suitable for use on exuding wounds such as leg ulcers, pressure
ulcers and diabetic ulcers, and for the management of mechanically or surgically-debrided wounds. 

As a specification developer, manufacturer
and distributor of medical devices, Nuo Therapeutics is subject to and complies with, among other standards and regulations, e.g.,
the FDCA and implementing regulations at 21 CFR et seq., ISO 13485, and the Medical Device Directive. As a manufacturer and distributor
of medical devices, the Company, and in some instances its subcontractors, is required to register its facilities and products
manufactured annually with the appropriate governing bodies and certain state agencies. We are also subject to restrictions on
the use of lead and other substances that apply to specified electronic products put on the market in the European Union as of
July 1, 2006 (Restriction of Hazardous Substance Directive, or RoHS). Additionally, the Company is subject to periodic inspections
by the governing bodies to assess compliance with cGMP regulations. Facilities may also be subject to inspections by other federal,
foreign, state or local agencies. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production
and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 

Bio-pharmaceutical Product Regulation   

The Company s ALDH Bright Cells product
candidates, acquired from Aldagen in 2012, and other bio-pharmaceuticals it may develop, are also regulated by the FDA. Under the
U.S. regulatory scheme, the development process for new such products can be divided into two distinct phases: 

12   

Preclinical Phase. The preclinical
phase involves the discovery, characterization, product formulation and animal testing necessary to prepare an Investigational
New Drug application, or IND, for submission to the FDA. The IND must be accepted by the FDA before the product candidate can
be tested in humans. The review period for an IND submission is thirty days, after which, if no comments are made by the FDA,
the product candidate can be studied in Phase I clinical trials. Certain preclinical tests must be conducted in compliance with
the FDA s good laboratory practice regulations and the U.S. Department of Agriculture s Animal Welfare Act.  

Clinical Phase. The clinical
phase of development follows a successful IND submission and involves the activities necessary to demonstrate the safety, tolerability,
efficacy, and dosage of the product candidate in humans, as well as, the ability to manufacture the drug in accordance with cGMP
requirements. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study and the
parameters to be used in assessing the safety and the efficacy of the product candidate. Each clinical protocol is submitted to
the FDA as part of the IND prior to beginning the trial. Each trial is reviewed, approved, and conducted under the auspices of
an investigational review board, or IRB, and each trial, with limited exceptions, must include the patient s informed consent.
Typically, clinical evaluation involves the following time-consuming and costly three-phase sequential process:  

Phase 1 . In Phase 1 clinical
trials, typically a small number of healthy individuals (although in some instances individuals with the disease or condition for
which an indication is being sought for the product candidate are enrolled) are tested with the product candidate to determine
safety and tolerability, and includes biological analyses to determine the availability and metabolism of the active ingredient
following administration. 

Phase 2 . Phase 2 clinical
trials involve administering the product candidate to individuals who suffer from the target disease or condition to determine
the optimal dose and potential efficacy. These clinical trials are well controlled, closely monitored, and conducted in a relatively
small number of patients, usually involving no more than several hundred subjects. 

Phase 3 . Phase 3 clinical
trials are performed after preliminary evidence suggesting efficacy of a product candidate has been obtained and safety, tolerability,
and an optimal dosing regimen have been established. Phase 3 clinical trials are intended to gather additional information about
efficacy and safety that is needed to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship and to complete the information needed to
provide adequate instructions for the use of the product candidate. Phase 3 trials usually include from several hundred to a few
thousand subjects. 

Throughout the clinical phase, samples
of the product made in different batches are tested for stability to establish shelf-life constraints. In addition, large-scale
production protocols and written standard operating procedures for each aspect of commercial manufacture and testing must be developed.
These trials require scale up for manufacture of increasingly larger batches of bulk chemical. These batches require validation
analyses to confirm the consistent composition of the product. 

Phase 1, 2, and 3 testing may not be completed
successfully within any specified time period, if at all. The FDA closely monitors the progress of each of the three phases of
clinical trials that are conducted under an IND and may, at its discretion, reevaluate, alter, suspend (place on  clinical
hold ), or terminate the trials based upon the data accumulated to that point and the agency s assessment of the risk/benefit
ratio to the patient. The FDA may suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time for various reasons, including a finding that
the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. The FDA can also request that additional clinical trials
be conducted as a condition to product approval. Additionally, new government requirements may be established that could delay
or prevent regulatory approval of products under development. Furthermore, IRBs, which are independent entities constituted to
protect human subjects at the institutions in which clinical trials are being conducted, have the authority to suspend clinical
trials at their respective institutions at any time for a variety of reasons, including safety issues. 

After the successful completion of Phase
3 clinical trials, the sponsor of the new bio-pharmaceutical submits a Biologics License Application, or BLA, to the FDA requesting
approval to market the product for one or more indications. A BLA is a comprehensive, multi-volume application that includes, among
other things, the results of all preclinical studies and clinical trials, information about the product candidate s composition
and manufacturing, and the sponsor s plans for manufacturing, packaging, and labeling the drug. Under the Pediatric Research
Equity Act of 2003, an application also is required to include an assessment, generally based on clinical study data, of the safety
and efficacy of product candidates for all relevant pediatric populations before the BLA is submitted. The statute provides for
waivers or deferrals in certain situations. In most cases, the BLA must be accompanied by a substantial user fee. In return, the
FDA assigns a goal of 10 months from acceptance of the application to return of a first  complete response,  in which
the FDA may approve the product or request additional information. 

The submission of the application is no
guarantee that the FDA will find it complete and accept it for filing. The FDA reviews all BLA s submitted before it accepts
them for filing. It may refuse to accept the application and request additional information rather than accept the application
for filing, in which case, the application must be resubmitted with the supplemental information. After the application is deemed
filed and accepted by the FDA, agency staff reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and efficacious
for its intended use. The FDA has substantial discretion in the approval process and may disagree with an applicant s interpretation
of the data submitted in its BLA. As part of this review, the FDA may refer the application to an appropriate advisory committee,
typically a panel of physicians, for review, evaluation, and an approval recommendation. The FDA is not bound by the opinion of
the advisory committee. Products that successfully complete BLA review and receive clearance (i.e., approval) may be marketed in
the U.S., subject to all conditions imposed by the FDA. 

13   

Prior to granting approval, the FDA conducts
an inspection of the facilities, including outsourced facilities, that will be involved in the manufacture, production, packaging,
testing, and control of the product candidate for cGMP compliance. The FDA will not approve the application unless cGMP compliance
is satisfactory. If FDA determines that the marketing application, manufacturing process, or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable,
it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and will often request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the
submission of any requested additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the marketing application does not satisfy
the regulatory criteria for approval and refuse to approve the application by issuing a  complete response  letter
communicating it cannot approve the application in its current form. The length of the FDA s review may range from a few
months to several years. 

If the FDA approves the BLA, the product
becomes available for physicians to prescribe in the U.S. After approval, the BLA holder is still subject to continuing regulation
by the FDA, including record keeping requirements, submitting periodic reports to the FDA, reporting of any adverse experiences
with the product, and complying with drug sampling and distribution requirements. In addition, the BLA holder is required to maintain
and provide updated safety and efficacy information to the FDA. The BLA holder is also required to comply with requirements concerning
advertising and promotional labeling, including prohibitions against promoting any non-FDA approved or  off-label 
indications of products. Failure to comply with those requirements could result in significant enforcement action by the FDA, including
warning letters, orders to pull the promotional materials, and substantial fines. Also, quality control and manufacturing procedures
must continue to conform to cGMP after approval. 

Biologics manufacturers and their subcontractors
are required to register their facilities and products manufactured annually with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject
to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA to assess compliance with cGMP regulations. Facilities may also be subject to inspections
by other federal, foreign, state or local agencies. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort
in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 

In addition, following the FDA approval
of a product, discovery of problems with a product or the failure to comply with requirements may result in restrictions on a product,
manufacturer, or holder of an approved marketing application, including withdrawal or recall of the product from the market or
other voluntary or the FDA-initiated action that could delay further marketing. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness
data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contra-indications.
Also, the FDA may require post-market testing and surveillance to monitor the product s safety or effectiveness, including
additional clinical studies, known as Phase 4 trials, to evaluate long-term effects. 

Other regulatory agencies, including Health
Canada and the European Medicines Agency, require preclinical and clinical studies, manufacturing validation, facilities inspection,
and post-approval record keeping and reporting similar to FDA requirements. In some instances, data generated for consideration
by the FDA may be submitted to these agencies for their consideration for approvals in other countries. 

Fraud and Abuse Laws   

The Company may also be indirectly subject
to federal and state anti-kickback and physician self-referral laws. Federal physician self-referral legislation (commonly known
as the Stark Law) prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, physician referrals of Medicare and Medicaid patients to an entity
providing certain  designated health services  if the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship
with the entity. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity receiving the referral from billing any good or service furnished pursuant
to an unlawful referral, and any person collecting any amounts in connection with an unlawful referral is obligated to refund such
amounts. The Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ) has issued numerous regulations containing exceptions
to the prohibitions of the Stark Law. If a physician and a DHS entity have financial relationship subject to the Stark Law, then
an exception must be met or else the DHS entity cannot bill for the service. A person who engages in a scheme to circumvent the
Stark Law s referral prohibition may be fined up to $100,000 for each such arrangement or scheme. The penalties for violating
the Stark Law also include civil monetary penalties of up to $15,000 per referral and possible exclusion from federal health care
programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Violations of the Stark Law have also been the basis for False Claims Act actions, discussed
below. Various states have corollary laws to the Stark Law (so-called  baby Stark  laws), including laws that require
physicians to disclose any financial interest they may have with a health care provider to their patients when referring patients
to that provider. Both the scope and exception for such laws vary from state to state. 

The Company may also be subject to federal
and state anti-kickback laws. Section 1128B (b) of the Social Security Act, commonly referred to as the Anti-Kickback Law, prohibits
persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash
or in kind, to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging for a good or service,
for which payment may be made under a federal health care program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. The Anti-Kickback Law is broad,
and it prohibits many arrangements and practices that are otherwise lawful in businesses outside of the health care industry. The
Office of the Inspector General ( OIG ) of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or DHHS, has issued regulations,
commonly known as  safe harbors  that set forth certain provisions which, if fully met, will assure health care providers
and other parties that they will not be prosecuted under the federal Anti-Kickback Law. Although full compliance with these provisions
ensures against prosecution under the Anti-Kickback Law, the failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit within a specific safe
harbor does not necessarily mean that the transaction or arrangement is illegal or that prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback
Law will be pursued. The penalties for violating the Anti-Kickback Law include imprisonment for up to five years, fines of up to
$250,000 per violation for individuals and up to $500,000 per violation for companies and possible exclusion from federal health
care programs. As with the Stark Law, violations of the Anti-Kickback Law can result in a False Claims Act action. Many states
have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Law, and some of these state prohibitions apply to patients for health care
services reimbursed by any source, not only federal health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. 

14   

In addition, there are other U.S. health
care fraud laws to which the Company may be subject, one which prohibits knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute
a scheme or artifice to defraud any health care benefit program, including private payers ( fraud on a health benefit plan )
and one which prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially
false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits,
items or services. These laws apply to any health benefit plan, not just Medicare and Medicaid. 

The Company may also be subject to other
U.S. laws which prohibit submitting, or causing to be submitted, claims for payment or causing such claims to be submitted that
are false. Violation of these false claims statutes may lead to civil money penalties, criminal fines and imprisonment, and/or
exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federally funded state health programs. These statutes include the
federal False Claims Act, which prohibits the knowing filing of a false claim (or causing the submission of a false claim) or the
knowing use of false statements to obtain payment from the U.S. federal government. Under provisions of the Affordable Care Act,
the failure to report and refund an overpayment to the Medicare or Medicaid programs within 60 days of the identification of the
overpayment may also be an obligation subjecting the defendant to a False Claims Act action. Finally, a recent U.S. Supreme Court
case,   Universal Health Services v. United States ex
rel. Escobar,   approved the  implied false certification  theory under which a defendant submits a claim
for payment that makes a specific representation about the goods or services provider, but fails to disclose the defendant s
noncompliance with a statutory, regulatory or contractual requirement that would be material to the Government s payment
decision. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, it must pay three times the actual damages sustained
by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties of between $5,500 and $11,000 for each separate false claim. These amounts are
likely to increase dramatically in accordance with the provisions of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, under which the U.S. Department
of Justice adjusted for inflation civil monetary penalties assessed or enforced by components of the Department. This change will
increase the per claim penalty range to $10,781-$21,563.   Suits filed under the False Claims
Act can be brought by an individual on behalf of the government (a  qui tam action ).Such individuals (known as  qui
tam relators ) may share in the amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. In addition certain
states have enacted laws modeled after the False Claims Act.  Qui tam  actions have increased significantly in recent
years causing greater numbers of health care companies to have to defend false claim actions, pay fines or be excluded from the
Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state health care programs as a result of an investigation arising out of such action. 

Several states also have referral, fee
splitting and other similar laws that may restrict the payment or receipt of remuneration in connection with the purchase or rental
of medical equipment and supplies. State laws vary in scope and have been infrequently interpreted by courts and regulatory agencies,
but may apply to all health care products and services, regardless of whether Medicaid or Medicare funds are involved. 

Employees  

The Company had 20 employees,
all of which were full time employees, including the Company s management, as of September 30, 2016. The remaining personnel
primarily consist of sales and marketing, accounting, clinical affairs, operational, and administrative professionals. None of
the Company s employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor union. The Company considers
its employee relations to be good. 

Research and Development 

During the fiscal years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014, we spent approximately $2.5 million and $4.0 million on research and development activities, respectively. 

Competition  

While Aurix has no direct competition
in the chronic wound care market from any other FDA cleared platelet derived products, we face competition from pharmaceutical
companies, biopharmaceutical companies, medical device companies, and other competitors in the areas of advanced wound care dressings,
wound care devices, and wound care biologics. Leading companies in the advanced wound care market include Smith and Nephew, Acelity
(KCI, Systegenix, and LifeCell), MoInlycke, and ConvaTec.  Leading competitors in the wound care market that offer other
biologic products such as tissue based products include companies such MiMedx, Osiris, Organogenesis, Aliqua, Derma Sciences,
as well as a significant number of smaller companies.  While we believe that Aurix can compete favorably on the basis of
broad application across multiple wound etiologies, we expect that many physicians and allied professionals will continue to employ
other treatment approaches and technologies, separately and in combination, in an attempt to treat chronic and hard-to heal wounds. 
The chronic wound market has many therapies that compete with Aurix that have established habitual use patterns and provider contracts
to encourage standardized use.  Furthermore, other companies have developed or are developing products that could be in direct
future competition with our current product line.   We may not be able to compete effectively against such companies
in the future. Many of these companies have substantially greater capital resources, larger marketing staffs and more experience
in commercializing products than we do. See   Item 1.A. Risk Factors   Risks Relating to the Company s Financial
Position, Business and Industry - Our Products Have Existing Competition in the Marketplace .    

15   

Raw Materials  

A reagent used for our Aurix product, bovine
thrombin (Thrombin JMI), is available exclusively through Pfizer. Pfizer may unilaterally raise the price for the reagent. If a
temporary or permanent interruption in the supply of the reagent were to occur, or the manufacturing costs charged by Pfizer exceed
what we can reasonably afford, it would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Available Information  

We file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public
Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Many of our SEC filings are also available to the public from the SEC s
website at  http://www.sec.gov.  We make available for download free of charge through our website ( http://nuot.com )
our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed
it electronically with, or furnished it to, the SEC. Information appearing on our website is not part of this Annual Report. 

As explained under   Explanatory
Note   at the beginning of this Annual Report, the Company was unable to file this Annual Report, its First Quarter 10-Q
and its Second Quarter 10-Q within the prescribed time periods because of the limitations on staffing, the Company s limited
financial resources and the significant additional burdens that the Chapter 11 case imposed on the Company s available human
and financial resources. Such inability could not have been eliminated by the Company without unreasonable effort or expense. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors  

The Company faces many risks. The risks
described below may not be the only risks the Company faces. Additional risks not yet known or currently believed to be immaterial
may also impair our business. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occurs, our business,
financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our New Common Stock, if and when it resumes
trading, could decline. You should consider the following risks, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities.  

Risks Related to the Company s
Financial Position, Business and Industry  

We Have Limited Sources of Working Capital and Our Revenue
Base Is Currently Limited to a Single Product Seeking Market Adoption   

Working capital required to implement our
business plan will most likely continue to be provided by funds obtained through offerings of our equity, debt, debt-linked securities,
and/or equity-linked securities, and revenues generated by us. As a result of the assignment of our rights, title and interest
in and to the Arthrex Agreement pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the related transfer and assignment of associated intellectual
property previously owned by us and licensed under the Arthrex Agreement, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder,
we will no longer have any rights to the Angel product line. Our revenue base is therefore currently limited to our Aurix product. 

If we do not have sufficient working capital
and are unable to generate sufficient revenues or raise additional funds, we may delay the completion of, or significantly reduce
the scope of, our current business plan; delay some of our development and clinical or marketing efforts; delay our plans to penetrate
the market serving Medicare beneficiaries and fulfill the related data gathering requirement as stipulated by the Medicare CED
coverage determination; delay the pursuit of commercial insurance reimbursement for our wound treatment technologies; delay any
of our other strategic plans; or postpone the hiring of new personnel; or, under certain dire financial circumstances, cease our
operations. 

We May Need Substantial Additional Financing and Our Ability
to Effect Such Financing Successfully Is Subject to Limitations   

At December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash
equivalents of approximately $0.9 million, total current assets of approximately $3.0 million and total current liabilities
of approximately $42.2 million. At June 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $6.1 million, total current
assets of approximately $8.1 million and total current liabilities of approximately $2.6 million. 

We may need substantial additional capital
to fund our operations. To date, we have relied almost exclusively on financing transactions to fund losses from our operations.
If we are unable to increase our revenues significantly or if the Backstop Commitment and other financing sources are unavailable
to us, then we may be required to curtail portions of our strategic plan or to cease operations. The Backstop Commitment is, by
its terms, only available to us on or after June 30, 2017, and terminates upon the occurrence of certain events. 

The Certificate of Designations for our
Series A Preferred Stock limits the Company s ability to (i) issue securities that are senior or  pari passu  with the
Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) incur debt (other than for working capital purposes not in excess of $3.0 million) and (iii) issue
securities that are junior to the Series A Preferred Stock and that provide certain consent rights to the holders of such junior
securities in connection with a liquidation or contain certain liquidation preferences, in each case without the consent of holders
representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares Series A Preferred Stock. 

16   

Any equity financings may cause substantial
dilution to our shareholders and could involve the issuance of securities with rights senior to the New Common Stock. Any debt
financings we undertake may require us to comply with onerous financial covenants and restrict our business operations. Our ability
to complete additional financings is dependent on, among other things, the state of the capital markets at the time of any proposed
offering, market reception of the Company and the likelihood of the success of its business model, of the offering terms, etc.
We may not be able to obtain any such additional capital as we need to finance our efforts, through asset sales, equity or debt
financing, or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, any such financing, if at all obtained, may
not be adequate to meet our capital needs and to support our operations. 

If adequate capital cannot be obtained
on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, it would have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan,
and our revenues and operations and the value of our New Common Stock and common stock equivalents would be materially negatively
impacted and we may be forced to curtail or cease our operations. 

We Have a History of Losses and Expect
to Incur Losses for the Foreseeable Future and it is Uncertain Whether Past Losses Will Yield Any Tax Benefits to Us   

We have a history of losses, are not currently
profitable, and expect to incur losses and negative operating cash flows in the future. We may never generate sufficient revenues
to achieve and maintain profitability. We will continue to incur expenses at current or increased levels as we seek to expand our
operations, pursue development of our technologies, work to increase our sales, implement internal systems and infrastructure,
and hire additional personnel. These ongoing financial losses may adversely affect our stock price. 

In addition, it is uncertain whether we
will be able to use any of our pre-bankruptcy net operating losses as an income tax benefit for periods after the Effective Date
(we may not be able to use them, for example, if our reorganization and corresponding issuance of New Common Stock is deemed to
be an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code), nor can we provide assurances that such net operating
losses will not result in income tax penalties. 

We Have a Short Operating History and Limited Operating
Experience   

We have only in the past few years been
implementing our commercialization strategy for Aurix. Thus, we have a very limited operating history. Continued operating losses,
together with the risks associated with our ability to gain new customers for Aurix, may have a material adverse effect on our
liquidity. We may also be forced to respond to unforeseen difficulties, such as decreased demand for our products and services,
downward pricing trends, regulatory requirements and unanticipated market pressures. Since emerging from bankruptcy and continuing
through today, we are developing a business model that includes either maintaining or addressing third-party reimbursement rates,
executing on the elements of the Restorix collaboration, developing and executing a long term sales and marketing program, acquiring
synergistic technologies and/or product lines, developing other technologies covered by, or derived from, our intellectual property,
and seeking strategic partnerships. Our current business model may not be able to accomplish our stated goals. 

As a Result of Our Emergence from Bankruptcy and the Application
of Fresh-Start Accounting, Our Financial Statements Subsequent to May 5, 2016 Will Not Be Comparable in Many Respects to Our Financial
Statements Prior to May 5, 2016   

Following the consummation of the Plan
of Reorganization, our financial condition and results of operations from and after the Effective Date will not be comparable to
the financial condition or results of operations reflected in our historical financial statements due to the Company s application
of fresh-start accounting to time periods beginning on or after May 5, 2016. Fresh-start accounting requires us to adjust the assets
and liabilities contained in our financial statements immediately prior to our emergence from bankruptcy protection to their estimated
fair values using the acquisition method of accounting. These adjustments are material and will affect our prospective results
of operations. As a result, this will make it difficult to assess our performance in relation to prior periods. 

As a Result of the Transfer of Our Intellectual Property
Rights in the Angel Product Line Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, Our Focus Post-Reorganization is on the Successful Execution
and Completion of the Clinical Data Registry Protocols of Aurix Under the CMS CED Program and We May Not be Successful with Such
Execution and Completion, or With Our Overall Sales and Marketing Strategy for Aurix   

As a result of the assignment of our rights,
title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the related transfer and assignment
of associated intellectual property previously owned by us and licensed under the Arthrex Agreement, as well as rights to collect
royalty payments thereunder, we no longer hold any rights with respect to the Angel product line. Our corporate and strategic focus
is now on the successful execution and completion of the clinical data registry protocols of Aurix under the CMS CED program. Only
upon the successful conclusion of those data collection efforts and the submission of the resulting data to CMS can broad access
and unhindered commercial reimbursement of Aurix be achieved. And even if we are successful with these data collection efforts
and submitting the resulting data to CMS, we can provide no assurances that broad access and commercial reimbursement of Aurix
will in fact be achieved. 

Following the 2012 determination by the
CMS which, in essence, permitted coverage of Aurix under its CED program, we have been expanding efforts to address the Medicare
beneficiary population through sales channels that have traditionally not been available to us due to the previously standing non-coverage
determination by CMS. The Company s efforts in these new sales channels may not be successful, and even if successful, they
may not yield sufficient sales and profits to realize the Company s goals and conform to its plans. If and to the extent
CMS makes significant changes to its previously issued approval determinations or the currently approved protocols are not enrolled
in a timely manner, our sales and marketing strategy may be adversely affected. 

17   

The Successful Continued Commercialization
of Our Aurix System and of Any Future Product Candidates Will Depend on Obtaining Reimbursement from Third-Party Payors   

In the U.S., the market for any pharmaceutical
or biologic product is affected by the availability of reimbursement from third party payors, such as government health administration
authorities, private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and pharmacy benefit management companies. If we cannot
demonstrate a favorable cost-benefit relationship, we may have difficulty obtaining adequate reimbursement for our products from
these payors. Third-party payors may also deny coverage or offer inadequate levels of reimbursement for any of our products if
they determine that the product is experimental, unnecessary or inappropriate. Under such healthcare systems, reimbursement is
often a determining factor in predicting a product s success, with some physicians and patients strongly favoring only those
products for which they will be reimbursed. 

The Aurix System is marketed to healthcare
providers. Some of these providers, in turn, seek reimbursement from third-party payers such as Medicare, Medicaid, and other private
insurers. We may not be successful with our reimbursement strategy, including, without limitation, obtaining additional necessary
CMS or other regulatory approvals. For example, CMS may not determine that the evidence collected under CED is sufficient to provide
unrestricted Medicare coverage for the Aurix System and autologous PRP, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations. If it is later determined that a new randomized, controlled trial is necessary,
it could cause us to incur significant incremental costs and take multiple years to complete. We would almost certainly need to
obtain additional, outside financing to fund such a trial. In any case, we may never be successful in securing unrestricted Medicare
coverage for our products. 

The most significant growth driver
for Aurix is the 2012 NCD from CMS, which reversed an existing twenty year non-coverage decision for autologous blood
derived products used in wound care. CMS previously advised us that payment levels for reimbursement claims with respect to
Aurix would be reviewed annually and subject to change. Any decision by CMS to decrease payment rates for reimbursement
claims will negatively impact the Company's economic value proposition for Aurix in the market for advanced wound care
therapies, and could have material adverse effects on the Company s financial position and results of operations. For
example, CMS could decide to place Aurix at a different payment classification level (it is currently placed at APC 5054
(Level 4 Skin Procedures)), could decide that the geometric mean cost of the services underlying Aurix is no longer
comparable to the geometric mean cost of APC 5054, or could otherwise determine that the national average reimbursement rate
for Aurix treatments should be lower than the current $1,411 per treatment. The national average reimbursement rate for
calendar year 2016 is significantly higher than it was in calendar years 2015 or 2014 ($430 and $411, respectively). 

Should we seek to expand our commercialization
internationally, we would be subject to the international regulations, where the pricing of prescription pharmaceutical products
and services and the level of government reimbursement may be subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations
with governmental authorities can take six to twelve months or longer after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To
obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct one or more clinical trials that compare
the cost effectiveness of our product candidates or products to other available therapies. Conducting one or more of these clinical
trials would be expensive and result in delays in commercialization of our products. 

Managing and reducing healthcare costs
has become a major priority of federal and state governments in the U.S. As a result of healthcare reform efforts, we might become
subject to future regulations or other cost-control initiatives that materially restrict the price we can receive for our products.
Third-party payors may also limit access and reimbursement for newly approved healthcare products generally or limit the indications
for which they will reimburse patients who use any products that we may develop. Cost control initiatives could decrease the price
for products that we may develop, which would result in lower product revenues to us. 

Our Collaboration with Restorix,
Which Imposes Certain Limitations on Us, May Not Be Successful   

To advance the commercialization of Aurix
for the treatment of chronic wound care in the U.S., we have initiated a collaboration with Restorix, a leading wound care management
company operating approximately 125 outpatient wound care facilities generally as a part of a broader hospital facility. The CED
data registry protocols require the collection of wound healing data including Quality of Life metrics for a study population of
approximately 2,200 total patients across three prospective clinical research studies. The Restorix collaboration is intended to
efficiently and effectively enroll these wound care patients in a coordinated manner via a collaborative approach of the two companies.
Under the corresponding Collaboration Agreement, we agreed to provide Restorix with certain limited geographic exclusivity benefits
over a defined period of time for the usage of the Aurix System in up to 30 of the wound care clinics with which Restorix has a
management contract, in exchange for Restorix making minimum commitments of patients enrolled in the three clinical research studies
primarily consisting of patient data collection necessary to maintain exclusivity under the Collaboration Agreement. See   Item
1. Business   Our Business   The Aurix System   for additional detail on the terms of the Collaboration Agreement
with Restorix. 

We may be unsuccessful in implementing
the Collaboration Agreement. For example, as with all collaborations, we are dependent upon the success of the collaborator in
performing its responsibilities and its continued cooperation and engagement. We cannot control the amount and timing of the resources
that Restorix will devote to performing its obligations under the Collaboration Agreement. As a result, the enrollment of wound
care patients in the clinical research studies may be delayed, which would negatively affect our revenues and cash flows. 

18   

In addition, the Collaboration Agreement
with Restorix places limitations on our ability to partner with other companies. Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,
during the initial two year term of the Collaboration Agreement: (i) Restorix will have site specific geographic exclusivity for
usage of Aurix in connection with treatment of patients in the three protocols within a 30 mile radius of each Restorix partner
hospital, and (ii) other than with respect to existing CED sites, the Company will not provide corporate exclusivity with any other
wound management company operating in excess of 19 wound care facilities for any similar arrangement. 

We May Not Be Able to Realize Any Remaining Potential
Benefits of the Aldagen Acquisition   

The acquisition of Aldagen, pursuant to
which we acquired the then ongoing ALD-401 RECOVER-Stroke trial and ALDH  Bright Cell  platform, represented a significant
investment by the Company. In June 2014 we discontinued any further direct funding of the clinical development of the Bright Cell
technology. However, the ongoing PACE clinical study in intermittent claudication continued via the direct study funding by NHLBI,
while the cell processing and manufacturing of the product candidate was transferred to a third party cell processing lab. The
outcome of the PACE study is uncertain. In the absence of positive data from the PACE study in the fourth quarter of 2016, it is
unlikely that we will be able to derive significant value from the Bright Cell technology, and even if data are positive, any value
we may derive from the Bright Cell technology may not be significant. 

We Rely on a Single Supplier for
the Reagent Used for Aurix and an Interruption in Our Supply Chain Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business   

A reagent used for our Aurix product, bovine
thrombin (Thrombin JMI), is available exclusively through Pfizer. Pfizer may unilaterally raise the prices for the reagent. If
a temporary or permanent interruption in the supply of the reagent were to occur, or the manufacturing costs charged by Pfizer
exceed what we can reasonably afford, it would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Adverse Conditions in the Global
Economy and Disruption of Financial Markets May Significantly Restrict Our Ability to Generate Revenues or Obtain Debt or Equity
Financing   

The global economy continues to experience
volatility and uncertainty. Such conditions could reduce demand for our products which would significantly jeopardize our ability
to achieve meaningful market penetration for Aurix. These conditions could also affect our current and potential strategic partners,
which, in turn, could make it much more difficult to execute a strategic collaboration, and therefore significantly jeopardize
our ability to fully develop and commercialize our products and product candidates. Global credit and capital markets continue
to be relatively challenging. We may be unable to obtain capital through issuance of our equity and/or equity-linked securities,
which have been a significant source of funding for us throughout our history. If we are unable to secure funding through strategic
collaborations, equity investments, or debt financing, we may not be able to achieve profitability, or fund our research and development,
which may result in a cessation of our operations. 

Business credit and liquidity have tightened
in much of the world. Continuing geopolitical instability and volatility and disruption of financial markets could limit our customers 
ability to obtain adequate financing or credit to purchase and pay for our products in a timely manner, or to maintain operations,
and result in a decrease in sales volume. General concerns about the fundamental soundness of domestic and international economies
may also cause customers to reduce purchases. Changes in governmental banking, monetary and fiscal policies to restore liquidity
and increase credit availability may not be effective. Economic conditions and market turbulence may also impact our suppliers 
ability to supply sufficient quantities of product components in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to fulfill sales
orders. It is difficult to determine the extent of the economic and financial market problems and the many ways in which they may
affect our suppliers, customers, investors, and business in general. Continuation or further deterioration of these financial and
macroeconomic conditions could significantly harm sales, profitability and results of operations. 

Our Intellectual Property Assets Are Critical to Our Success   

We regard our patents, trademarks, trade
secrets and other intellectual property assets as critical to our success. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, and
trade secret and copyright laws, as well as confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions, and other similar measures, to
establish and protect our intellectual property. We attempt to prevent disclosure of our trade secrets by restricting access to
sensitive information and requiring employees, consultants, and other persons with access to our sensitive information to sign
confidentiality agreements. Despite these efforts, we may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our technology or deter others
from developing similar technology in the future. Furthermore, policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property assets
is difficult and expensive. Litigation has been necessary in the past and may be necessary in the future in order to protect our
intellectual property assets. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. We can provide no assurance
that we will be successful in any litigation matter relating to our intellectual property assets. Continuing litigation or other
challenges could result in one or more of our patents being declared invalid. In such a case, any royalty revenues from the affected
patents would be adversely affected although we may still be able to continue to develop and market our products. Furthermore,
the unauthorized use of our patented technology by otherwise potential customers in our target markets may significantly undermine
our ability to generate sales. Any infringement or challenge to our patents or other misappropriation of our intellectual property
assets could have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase sales of our commercial products and/or continue the development
of our pipeline candidates. 

19   

Our Products Are Subject to Governmental Regulation   

Our success is also impacted by factors
outside of our control. Our current technology and products are subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities
in the U.S., both federal and state, and in foreign countries by various regulatory agencies. Specifically, our devices and bio-pharmaceutical
products are subject to regulation by the FDA and state regulatory agencies. The FDA regulates drugs, medical devices and biologics
that move in interstate commerce and requires that such products receive clearance or pre-marketing approval based on evidence
of safety and efficacy. The regulations of government health ministries in foreign countries are analogous to those of the FDA
in both application and scope. In addition, any change in current regulatory interpretations by, or positions of, state regulatory
officials where our products are used could materially and adversely affect our ability to sell products in those states. The FDA
will require us to obtain clearance or approval of new devices when used for treating specific wounds or marketed with specific
wound-healing claims, or for other products under development. 

We believe all our products for sale are
legally marketed. As we expand and offer and/or develop additional products in the U.S. and in foreign countries, clearance or
approval from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities prior to introduction of any such products into the market
may be required. We provide no assurance that we will be able to obtain all necessary approvals from the FDA or comparable regulatory
authorities in foreign countries for these products. Failure to obtain the required approvals would have a material adverse impact
on our business and financial condition. 

Compliance with FDA and other governmental
requirements imposes significant costs and expenses. Further, our failure to comply with these requirements could result in sanctions,
limitations on promotional or other business activities, or other adverse effects on our business. Further, recent efforts to control
healthcare costs could negatively affect demand for our products and services. 

We Must Comply With the Physician Payment Sunshine Act   

We are required to comply with the United
States Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, medical devices, biologicals and medical
supplies that participate in U.S. federal healthcare programs to report certain payments and items of value given to physicians
and teaching hospitals. Manufacturers are required to report this information annually to CMS. The period between August 1, 2013
and December 31, 2013 was the first reporting period for which manufacturers were required to report aggregate payment data to
CMS by March 31, 2014. While we timely filed our required report under the Sunshine Act for 2014 and 2015, we did not timely file
our required report for the initial period, and our failure to do so could subject us to certain fines and penalties as set forth
below. Manufacturers are required to report aggregate payment data to CMS by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year. If
we fail to accurately and timely report this information in the future, we could suffer severe penalties. We cannot assure you
that we will collect and report all data timely and accurately. If we fail to accurately report this information, we could suffer
severe penalties. Any applicable manufacturer that fails to timely, accurately, or completely report the information required in
accordance with the rules of the Sunshine Act is subject to a civil monetary penalty of not less than $1,000, but not more than
$10,000, for each payment or other transfer of value or ownership or investment interest not reported timely, accurately or completely
(up to $150,000). For  knowing  failures to report, the penalties increase to not less than $10,000, but not more than
$100,000, for each such failure (up to $1,000,000). The amount of civil monetary penalties imposed on each applicable manufacturer
or applicable group purchasing organization is aggregated separately. Subject to separate aggregate totals, the maximum combined
annual total is $1,150,000. 

Several of the U.S. states have parallel
reporting laws, sometimes accompanied with  gift bans  prohibiting manufacturers from making gifts or other remunerations
to prescribers. Massachusetts and Vermont are two such states. There are various penalties associated with noncompliance with the
state laws, as well. 

Clinical Trials May Fail to Demonstrate the Safety or
Efficacy of Our Product Candidates   

Our product candidates are subject to the
risks of failure inherent in the development of biotherapeutic products. The results of early-stage clinical trials do not necessarily
predict the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later-stage clinical trials may fail to demonstrate desired
safety and efficacy traits despite having successfully progressed through initial clinical testing. For example, we discontinued
further funding of the ALD-401 development program following results which demonstrated that observed improvements in the primary
endpoint of the trial were not clinically or statistically significant. Even if we believe the data collected from clinical trials
of our product candidates is promising, this data may not be sufficient to support approval by the U.S. or foreign regulatory agencies.
Pre-clinical and clinical data can be interpreted in different ways. Accordingly, the regulatory officials could reach different
conclusions in assessing such data, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, the U.S. regulatory authorities,
or we, may suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time. Any failure or delay in completing clinical trials for product candidates,
or in receiving regulatory approval for the sale of any product candidates, has the potential to materially harm our business,
and may prevent it from raising necessary, additional financing that may be needed in the future. 

If clinical trials of our product candidates
fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA, or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur
additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization
of our product candidates. 

20   

Before obtaining regulatory approval for
the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct, at our own expense, extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and
efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years
to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing.
We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability
to receive regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates, including the following: 

regulators or institutional
review boards may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective
trial site;  

clinical trials of our product
candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional
clinical trials or abandon product development programs that we expect to be promising;  

the number of patients required
for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower
than we anticipate, or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate;  

our third party contractors
may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner or at all;  

we might have to suspend
or terminate clinical trials of our product candidates for various reasons, including a finding that the participants are being
exposed to unacceptable health risks;  

regulators or institutional
review boards may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance
with regulatory requirements;  

the cost of clinical trials
of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate;  

we may be subject to a more
complex regulatory process, since stem cell-based therapies are relatively new and regulatory agencies have less experience with
them than with traditional pharmaceutical products;  

the supply or quality of
our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or
inadequate; and  

our product candidates may
have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators to halt or terminate the trials.  

A Disruption in Healthcare Provider
Networks Could Have an Adverse Effect on Operations and Profitability   

Our operations and future profitability
are dependent, in large part, upon the ability to contract with healthcare providers on favorable terms. In any particular service
area, healthcare providers could refuse to contract with us or take other actions that could result in higher healthcare costs,
or create difficulties in meeting our regulatory requirements. In some service areas, certain healthcare providers may have a significant
market presence. If healthcare providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate unfavorable contracts
or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market services or to be profitable in those service areas could be adversely
affected. Provider networks could also be disrupted by the financial insolvency of a large healthcare provider group. Any disruption
in provider networks could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Liquidity Problems or Bankruptcy of our Key Customers
or Collaborators Could Have a Significant Adverse Effect on our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Our sales to customers are typically made
on credit without collateral. There is a risk that key customers will not pay, or that payment may be delayed, because of bankruptcy,
contraction of credit availability to such customers, weak sales or other factors beyond our control, which could increase our
exposure to losses from bad debts. In addition, if our key customers were to cease doing business as a result of bankruptcy or
significantly reduce their orders from us, it could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. In addition, if our collaborators face liquidity problems or file for bankruptcy, they may choose to divert
resources away from their continued cooperation and engagement with us or otherwise choose or be forced to reduce operations, which
could also have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 

21   

We May Be Unable to Attract a Strategic
Partner for the Further Development of Certain of Our Product Candidates   

Due to our limited resources, we have determined
that the best vehicle to ultimately commercialize the various potential indications for the ALDH Bright Cell technology, is likely
through strategic partnerships, out-licensing, or other similar arrangements. Even if positive clinical data is eventually achieved
in future clinical trials, we may not be able to come to any such agreements, or even have the resources necessary to seek such
arrangements. Furthermore, even if such a strategic relationship regarding any of our products or product candidates is reached,
development milestones, clinical data, or other such benchmarks may not be achieved. Therefore, our products and product candidates
may never proceed toward commercialization or drive cash infusions for us, and we may ultimately not be able to monetize the patents,
existing clinical data, and other intellectual property. 

Our Efforts to Secure Commercial
Partners May Not Be Successful   

From time to time, we engage in discussions
with larger companies regarding potential strategic partnerships involving the broad commercialization of Aurix. The resources
and expertise of such a partner would greatly facilitate the capture of market share within the wound care market, but would require
that the economic benefits of such a broad penetration would be shared with said partner. We may not be successful in securing
such a partner. Furthermore, even if a partner is secured, the partnership may not attain the market penetration contemplated,
and the profits ultimately realized by us, if any, may not be sufficient to allow us to execute our business strategy. 

We May Use Third-Party Collaborators
and Service Providers to Help Us Support, Develop or Commercialize Our Product Candidates, and Our Ability to Commercialize Such
Candidates May Be Impaired or Delayed if such Collaborations or Engagements Are Unsuccessful   

We do presently and may in the
future selectively pursue strategic collaborations or engagements for, among other purposes, development, data collection,
analysis, and/or commercialization of our product candidates, domestically or otherwise, such as our arrangements with
Restorix, Rohto and Boyalife. For example, we may not be able to commercialize the ALDH technology successfully without
entering into an arrangement with a third party to provide an approved method of administration. There can be no assurance as
to our ability to utilize the data from such engagements to their potential. Nor can there be any assurance, in general, that
we will be able to identify future suitable collaborators or negotiate collaboration agreements on terms that are acceptable
to us or at all. In any current or future third-party collaborations, we are and would be dependent upon the success of the
collaborators in performing their responsibilities and their continued cooperation and engagement. For a variety of reasons
outside of our control, our collaborators or third-party providers may not cooperate with us or perform their obligations
under our agreements with them. We cannot control the amount and timing of our collaborators  resources that will be
devoted to performing their responsibilities under our agreements with them. Our collaborators may choose to pursue
alternative technologies in preference to those being developed in collaboration with us. The development and
commercialization of our product candidates will be delayed if collaborators fail to conduct their responsibilities in a
timely manner or in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or if they breach or terminate their collaboration
agreements with us. Disputes with our collaborators could also result in product development delays, decreased revenues and
litigation expenses. 

The Success of Our Current and Future Products Is Dependent
on Acceptance by the Medical Community   

The commercial success of our products
and processes will depend upon the medical community and patients accepting the therapies as safe and effective. The willingness
of the medical community to accept or evaluate our products and processes may be impacted by our ability to cause such information
to be included in peer-reviewed literature. We may not have the resources necessary to cause such information to be included in
peer-reviewed literature. If the medical community and patients do not ultimately accept the therapies as safe and effective, or
we are unable to raise awareness of our products and processes, our ability to sell the products may be materially and adversely
affected, and the results of our operations may be adversely effected. 

We May Be Unable to Attract and Retain Key Personnel   

Our future success depends on the ability
to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled management, including sales representatives. We have retained a team of highly qualified
officers and consultants, but may not be able to successfully retain all of them, or be successful in recruiting additional personnel
as needed, particularly in light of the fact that we have had several reductions in force over the past years. Our inability to
do retain existing or add new personnel will materially and adversely affect the business prospects, operating results and financial
condition of the Company. Our ability to maintain and provide additional services to our customers depends upon our ability to
hire and retain business development and scientific and technical personnel with the skills necessary to keep pace with continuing
changes in regenerative biological therapy technologies. Competition for such personnel is intense; we compete with pharmaceutical,
biotechnology and healthcare companies with greater access to resources. Our inability to hire additional qualified personnel may
lead to higher recruiting, relocation and compensation costs for such personnel. These increased costs may reduce our profit margins
or make hiring new key personnel impractical. 

22   

Legislative and Administrative Action May Have an Adverse
Effect on Our Company   

Political, economic and regulatory influences
are subjecting the health care industry in the U.S. to fundamental change. We cannot predict what other legislation relating to
our business or to the health care industry may be enacted, including legislation relating to third-party reimbursement, or what
effect such legislation may have on our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. We expect federal and state
legislators to continue to review and assess alternative health care delivery and payment systems, and possibly adopt legislation
affecting further changes in the health care delivery system. Such laws may contain provisions that may change the operating environment
for hospitals and managed care organizations. Health care industry participants may react to such legislation by curtailing or
deferring expenditures and initiatives, including those relating to our products. Future legislation could result in modifications
to the existing public and private health care insurance systems that would have a material adverse effect on the reimbursement
policies discussed above. With growing pressures on government budgets due to the current economic downturn, government efforts
to contain or reduce health care spending are likely to gain increasing emphasis. Several members of the current presidential administration
and Congress are espousing support for cost-containment measures that could have significant implications for healthcare therapies,
including our current and future products. If enacted and implemented, such measures could result in decreased revenue from our
products and decrease potential returns from our research and development initiatives. Furthermore, we may not be able to successfully
neutralize any lobbying efforts against any initiatives we may have with governmental agencies. 

We Could Be Affected by Malpractice or Product Liability
Claims   

Providing medical care entails an inherent
risk of professional malpractice and other claims. We do not control or direct the practice of medicine by physicians or health
care providers who use our products and do not assume responsibility for compliance with regulatory and other requirements directly
applicable to physicians. There is no assurance that claims, suits or complaints relating to the use of our products, and treatment
administered by physicians, will not be asserted against us in the future. The production, marketing and sale, and use of our products
entails risks that product liability claims will be asserted against us. These risks cannot be eliminated, and we could be held
liable for any damages that result from adverse reactions or infectious disease transmission. Such liability could materially and
adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. We currently maintain professional and product
liability insurance coverage, but the coverage limits of this insurance may not be adequate to protect against all potential claims.
We may not be able to obtain or maintain professional and product liability insurance in the future on acceptable terms or with
adequate coverage against potential liabilities. 

Our Products Have Existing Competition in the Marketplace   

In the market for biotechnology products,
we face competition from pharmaceutical companies, biopharmaceutical companies, medical device companies, and other competitors.
The chronic wound market has many therapies that compete with Aurix that have established habitual use patterns and provider contracts
to encourage standardized use.  Furthermore, other companies have developed or are developing products that could be in direct
future competition with our current product line. Biotechnology development projects are characterized by intense competition.
Thus, we may not be the first to the market with any newly developed products and we may not successfully be able to market these
products. If we are not able to participate and compete in the regenerative biological therapy market, our financial condition
will be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to compete effectively against such companies in the future. Many
of these companies have substantially greater capital resources, larger marketing staffs and more experience in commercializing
products than we do. Recently developed technologies, or technologies that may be developed in the future, may be the basis for
developments that will compete with our products. 

If We Determine That Our Intangible
Assets Have Become Impaired in the Future, Our Total Assets and Earnings Could Be Adversely Affected.   

Goodwill represents the purchase price
of acquisitions in excess of the amounts assigned to acquired tangible or intangible assets and assumed liabilities. Goodwill and
indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized but rather are evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently, if indicators
of impairment exist. Finite lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If the impairment evaluations for goodwill and intangible assets indicate the carrying
amount exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 

As of December 31, 2015, we had recorded
intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, of approximately $2.5 million, primarily as a result of the 2010 acquisition
of the Angel product line from Sorin USA. We incurred impairment charges in 2015 and 2014 totaling $30.6 million for IPR D
and trademarks which originally resulted from the February 2012 acquisition of Aldagen. The estimated fair value of our IPR D
was  de minimis  as of December 31, 2015. The impairment charges resulted from the discontinuation of directly funded clinical
development activities at Aldagen and our continuing deteriorating financial condition throughout the second half of 2015 and,
as a result, the lack of available independent funding to continue clinical development related to our ALDH Bright Cell technology
and a decreasing probability of receiving final product approval within the foreseeable future, if at all. 

In conjunction with the assignment of the
Angel asset to the Deerfield Lenders, our emergence from bankruptcy and the intended application of fresh start accounting as of
the Effective Date, the remaining Angel-related intangible assets were written off in the second quarter of 2016. Upon application
of fresh start accounting, intangible assets will be fair valued and recognized as of the Effective Date, and may include intangible
assets such as trademarks, technology, clinician relationships, and goodwill. 

23   

We Have Only Limited Experience Manufacturing
Our Aldagen Product Candidates. We May Not Be Able to Manufacture Our Aldagen Product Candidates in Compliance With Evolving Regulatory
Standards or in Quantities Sufficient for Commercial Sale   

Components of therapeutic products approved
for commercial sale or used in late-stage clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with cGMP as required by the FDA.
Manufacturers of cell-based product candidates, such as our Aldagen product candidates, also must comply with the FDA s current
good tissue practices, or cGTP. In addition, we may be required to modify our manufacturing process from time-to-time for our product
candidates in response to FDA requests if we, in fact, reinitiate cell processing and manufacturing activities in the future. Manufacture
of live cellular-based products is complex and subjects us to significant regulatory burdens that may change over time. We may
encounter difficulties in the production of our Aldagen product candidates due to our limited manufacturing capabilities. We have
only limited manufacturing experience with our Aldagen product candidates, and we currently do not have sufficient manufacturing
capacity to support commercialization of any of our Aldagen product candidates. These difficulties could reduce sales of our Aldagen
products, if they are approved for marketing, increase our costs or cause production delays, any of which could damage our reputation
and hurt our profitability. 

If we successfully obtain marketing approval
for any Aldagen product candidates, we may not be able to efficiently produce sufficient quantities of these products to meet potential
commercial demand. We expect that we would need to significantly expand our manufacturing capabilities to meet potential demand
for these products. Such expansion would require additional regulatory approvals. We may also encounter difficulties in the commercial-scale
manufacture of all of our product candidates. We are currently developing new processes and are in discussions with other companies
to develop new instruments to improve our manufacturing efficiency. Improving the speed and efficiency of our manufacturing process
and the cell sorters and other instruments we use is a key element of our business plan. However, we may not be able to develop
process enhancements on a timely basis, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we fail to develop these improvements,
we could face significantly higher capital expenditures than we anticipate, increased facility and personnel costs and other increased
operating expenses. We may need to demonstrate that our product candidates manufactured using any new processes or instruments
are comparable to our product candidates used in clinical trials. Depending on the type and degree of differences, we may be required
to conduct additional studies or clinical trials to demonstrate comparability. 

In addition, some changes in our manufacturing
processes or procedures, including a change in the location where a product candidate is manufactured, generally require prior
FDA or foreign regulatory authority review and approval for determining our compliance with cGMP and cGTP. We may need to conduct
additional preclinical studies and clinical trials to support approval of any such changes. Furthermore, this review process could
be costly and time-consuming and could delay or prevent the commercialization of Aldagen our product candidates. 

If Our Patent Position Does Not Adequately
Protect Our Product Candidates or Any Future Products, Others Could Compete Against Us More Directly, Which Would Harm Our Business   

Our success depends, in large part, on
our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for our product candidates. Issued patents may be challenged by third parties,
resulting in patents being deemed invalid, unenforceable or narrowed in scope, or a third party may circumvent any such issued
patents. The patent position of biotechnology companies is generally highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions
and has been the subject of much litigation and recent court decisions introducing uncertainty in the strength of patents owned
by biotechnology companies. The legal systems of some foreign countries do not favor the aggressive enforcement of patents, and
the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Therefore, any patents that
we own or license may not provide sufficient protection against competitors. 

The claims of the issued patents that are
licensed to us, and the claims of any patents which may issue in the future and be owned by or licensed to us, may not confer on
us significant commercial protection against competing products. Also, our pending patent applications may not issue, and we may
not receive any additional patents. Our patents might not contain claims that are sufficiently broad to prevent others from utilizing
our technologies. Consequently, our competitors may independently develop competing products that do not infringe our patents or
other intellectual property. To the extent a competitor can develop similar products using a different chemistry, our patents may
not prevent others from directly competing with us. Because of the extensive time required for development, testing and regulatory
review of a potential product, it is possible that, before any of our product candidates can be commercialized, any related patent
may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization of our product candidates, thereby reducing any
advantages of the patent. For instance, one of our patents relating to our technology will expire in 2019. To the extent our product
candidates based on that technology are not commercialized significantly ahead of this date, or to the extent we have no other
patent protection on such product candidates, those product candidates would not be protected by patents beyond 2019 and we would
then rely solely on other forms of exclusivity, such as regulatory exclusivity provided by the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act, which may provide less protection of our competitive position. Similar considerations apply in any other country where we
are prosecuting patents, have been issued patents, or have licensed patents or patent applications relating to our technology.
The laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do laws of the U.S. 

24   

If We Are Unable to Protect the Confidentiality
of Our Proprietary Information and Know-how, Our Competitive Position Would be Impaired   

A significant amount of our technology,
especially regarding manufacturing processes, is unpatented and is maintained by us as trade secrets. The background technologies
used in the development of our product candidates are known in the scientific community, and it is possible to duplicate the methods
we use to create our product candidates. In an effort to protect these trade secrets, we require our employees, consultants and
contractors to execute confidentiality agreements with us. These agreements require that all confidential information developed
by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual s relationship with us be kept
confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements, however, may not provide us with adequate protection against
improper use or disclosure of confidential information, and these agreements may be breached. Adequate remedies may not exist in
the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information. A breach of confidentiality could affect our competitive
position. In addition, in some situations, these agreements may conflict with, or be subject to, the rights of third parties with
whom our employees, consultants, collaborators or advisors have previous employment or consulting relationships. Also, others may
independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets.
The disclosure of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position. 

If We Infringe, or Are Alleged to
Infringe, Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties, Our Business Could be Harmed   

Our research, development and commercialization
activities, including any product candidates resulting from these activities, may infringe, or be claimed to infringe, patents
or other proprietary rights owned by third parties, and to which we do not hold licenses or other rights. There may be patent applications
that have been filed but not published that, when issued, could be asserted against us. These third parties could bring claims
against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. 

Further, if a patent infringement suit
were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of the product or product
candidate that is the subject of the suit. We have not conducted an exhaustive search or analysis of third-party patent rights
to determine whether our research, development or commercialization activities, including any product candidates resulting from
these activities, may infringe or be alleged to infringe any third-party patent rights. As a result of intellectual property infringement
claims, or in order to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek a license from the third party. These licenses
may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the licensee would likely obligate
us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors
gaining access to the same intellectual property. 

Ultimately, we could be prevented from
commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened
patent infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. All of the issues described above could also
affect our potential collaborators to the extent we have any collaborations then in place, which would also affect the success
of the collaboration and therefore us. There has been substantial litigation and other proceedings regarding patent and other intellectual
property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. In addition to infringement claims against us, we may become
a party to other patent litigation and other proceedings, including  inter partes  review and/or interference proceedings
declared by the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office, regarding intellectual
property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology. 

Any Product for Which We Obtain Marketing
Approval Will Be Subject to Extensive Ongoing Regulatory Requirements, and We May Be Subject to Penalties if We Fail to Comply
with Regulatory Requirements or if We Experience Unanticipated Problems with Our Products, When and if Any of Them Are Approved   

Any product for which we obtain marketing
approval, along with the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data, labeling, advertising and promotional activities
for such product, will be subject to continual requirements of and review by the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities. These
requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration requirements, cGMP and
cGTP requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, requirements
relating to product labeling, advertising and promotion, and recordkeeping. Even if regulatory approval of a product is granted,
the approval may be subject to additional limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to other conditions
of approval. In addition, approval may contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety
or efficacy of the product. Discovery after approval of previously unknown problems with our products, manufacturers or manufacturing
processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in actions such as: 

restrictions on such products 
manufacturing processes;  

restrictions on the marketing
of a product;  

restrictions on product distribution;  

requirements to conduct post-marketing
clinical trials;  

warning letters;  

withdrawal of the products
from the market;  

refusal to approve pending
applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit;  

recall of products;  

25   

fines, restitution or disgorgement
of profits or revenue;  

suspension or withdrawal
of regulatory approvals;  

refusal to permit the import
or export of our products;  

product seizure;  

injunctions; or  

imposition of civil or criminal
penalties.  

Failure to Obtain Regulatory Approval
in International Jurisdictions Would Prevent Us from Marketing Products Abroad   

We may in the future seek to market some
of our product candidates outside the U.S. In order to market our product candidates in the European Union and many other jurisdictions,
we must submit clinical data concerning our product candidates and obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous
and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time
required to obtain approval from foreign regulators may be longer than the time required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory
approval process outside the U.S. may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries
outside the U.S., it is required that the product candidate be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in
that country. In some cases this may include approval of the price we intend to charge for our product, if approved. We may not
obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the U.S. on a timely basis, or at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure
approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the U.S.
does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA, but a failure or delay in
obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively affect the regulatory process in other countries. We may not be able
to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize any products in any market and therefore
may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to support our business. 

Risks Related to the New Common Stock
and Warrants  

There is Currently No Market for
Our New Common Stock   

There is currently no market for our New
Common Stock. While we intend to apply to have the shares of New Common Stock approved for trading on OTC Markets Group s
OTCQX or OTCQB marketplace once we have satisfied the necessary conditions for such application, we cannot assure you that our
application will be approved. If our application is not approved, we may be forced to have our New Common Stock trade on the  pink
sheets,  and the market for resale of our New Common Stock would be extremely limited. In that case, holders of our New Common
Stock may find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of, our New Common Stock,
and the market value of our New Common Stock may decline as a result. 

Even if Approved for Trading on OTCQX or OTCQB, We Would
Trade on an Over-the-Counter Market, Which May Affect the Liquidity of Our New Common Stock   

Over-the-counter markets are generally
considered to be less efficient than, and not as broad as, a stock exchange. Even if approved for trading on OTC Markets, there
would be a limited market for our New Common Stock, and trading in our stock may become difficult and our share price could decrease
as a result of this limited liquidity or otherwise. Specifically, stockholders may not be able to resell their shares of New Common
Stock at or above the price paid for such shares, or at or above the price implied by the ratio at which Old Common Stock were
exchanged for New Common Stock under the Plan of Reorganization. In addition, our ability to raise additional capital may be impaired
because of the less liquid nature of the over-the-counter markets. We may not be able to complete an equity financing on acceptable
terms, or at all. In that context, investors should consider that the New Common Stock will not be listed on a national securities
exchange, which makes us ineligible to use shorter and less costly filings, such as Form S-3, to register our securities for sale.
While we may use Form S-1 to register a sale of our stock to raise capital or complete acquisitions, doing so would likely increase
transaction costs and adversely impact our ability to raise capital or complete acquisitions of other companies in a timely manner. 

If we are able to complete equity financings,
the dilution from any equity financing while our shares are quoted on an over-the-counter market could be greater than if we were
to complete a financing while our New Common Stock were listed on a national securities exchange. 

The average daily trading volume in our
Old Common Stock was relatively low. If low trading volume also persists with respect to our New Common Stock (if and when it commences
trading), it could be difficult to sell a significant number of shares of New Common Stock at any particular time at the market
prices prevailing immediately before such shares are offered. Stockholders may be required to hold shares of New Common Stock for
an indefinite period of time. In addition, sales of substantial amounts of New Common Stock could lower the prevailing market price
of our New Common Stock. Finally, in recent years the stock market in general, and the market for life sciences companies in particular,
have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has affected the market prices of securities issued
by many companies, often for reasons unrelated to their operating performance, and it may adversely affect the price of our New
Common Stock. These broad market fluctuations may reduce the demand for our stock and therefore adversely affect the price of our
securities, regardless of operating performance. See also  -  U.S. Broker-Dealers May Be Discouraged from Effecting Transactions
in Shares of our New Common Stock .  

26   

The Value of our New Common Stock Is Affected by the Liquidation
Preference and Other Terms of our Series A Preferred Stock   

On the Effective Date, the Company filed
a Certificate of Designations with the Delaware Secretary of State, designating 29,038 shares of the Company s undesignated
preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as Series A Preferred Stock. On the Effective Date, the Company issued 29,038 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock to the Deerfield Lenders in accordance with the Plan of Reorganization. The Series A Preferred Stock
has no stated maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required
to be paid to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock
(and other capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in
control transaction. 

U.S. Broker-Dealers May Be Discouraged
from Effecting Transactions in Shares of our New Common Stock   

The SEC has adopted a number of
rules to regulate  penny stock  that restricts transactions involving our shares of New Common Stock. Such rules include
Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
These rules may have the effect of reducing the liquidity of penny stocks.  Penny stocks  generally are equity securities
with a price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exclusions. Our shares of New Common Stock constitute  penny
stock  within the meaning of the rules. The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers
in connection with effecting transactions in  penny stocks  may discourage such broker-dealers from effecting transactions
in shares of our New Common Stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of such shares and impede their sale in the
secondary market. 

A U.S. broker-dealer selling penny
stock to anyone other than an established customer or  accredited investor  (generally, an individual with net worth,
excluding the value of the primary residence, in excess of $1,000,000 or an annual income exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together
with his or her spouse) must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s
written consent to the transaction prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. In addition,
the penny stock regulations require the U.S. broker-dealer to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure
schedule prepared in accordance with SEC standards relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction
is otherwise exempt. A U.S. broker-dealer is also required to disclose commissions payable to the U.S. broker-dealer and the registered
representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, a U.S. broker-dealer is required to submit monthly statements
disclosing recent price information with respect to the penny stock held in a customer s account and information with respect
to the limited market in penny stocks. 

In addition to
the  penny stock  rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to
a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior
to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under
interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not
be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their
customers buy our New Common Stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market
for our shares. 

Furthermore, transfers
of our New Common Stock may require broker-dealers to submit notice filings and pay fees in certain states, which may discourage
broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our New Common Stock. 

You should also be aware that,
according to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns
include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer;
(ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii)
 boiler room  practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales
persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping
of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, resulting in investor
losses. 

Our Officers, Directors and
Principal Stockholders Can Exert Significant Influence Over Us and May Make Decisions That Are Not in the Best Interests of All
Stockholders   

As of September 30, 2016, our officers
and directors beneficially owned approximately 25.2% of our shares of New Common Stock, while principal stockholders Charles E.
Sheedy and Boyalife Investment Fund I, Inc. together beneficially owned an additional approximately 76.5% of our shares of New
Common Stock. For these purposes, beneficial ownership was calculated to include all shares of New Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of options or warrants exercisable as of the date above, or exercisable within 60 days after such date. In addition, for
so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and elect
one member of our Board of Directors and to have such director serve on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established
to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of decisions or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment. The Series
A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a single class, representing approximately one percent
(1%) of the voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to approve
certain transactions and incurrences of debt. 

27   

As a result, our officers, directors,
principal holders of New Common Stock and holders of Series A Preferred Stock are able to affect the outcome of, or exert significant
influence over, all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and any change in control.
This concentration of ownership of our New Common Stock and our Series A Preferred Stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change of control of us or otherwise discouraging or preventing a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us.
This, in turn, could have a negative effect on the market price of our New Common Stock, if and when it commences trading. It could
also prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over the market prices for their shares of New Common Stock. Moreover, the
interests of this concentration of ownership may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders,
and accordingly, they could cause us to enter into transactions or agreements that we would not otherwise consider. 

Transactions Engaged in by Our Largest Stockholders, Our
Directors or Officers Involving Our New Common Stock May Have an Adverse Effect on the Price of Our Stock   

The risks described in this Risk Factor
assume that our New Common Stock commences trading. Sales of our New Common Stock by our officers, directors and principal stockholders
could have the effect of lowering our stock price. In connection with the Recapitalization Transaction, we agreed to file a registration
statement covering the resale of securities issued in that transaction. The perceived risk associated with the possible sale of
a large number of shares of New Common Stock by those stockholders could cause some of our stockholders to sell their stock, thus
causing the price of our New Common Stock to decline. In addition, actual or anticipated downward pressure on our stock price due
to actual or anticipated sales of New Common Stock by our directors or officers could cause other institutions or individuals to
engage in short sales of our New Common Stock, which may further cause the price of our stock to decline. 

From time to time our directors
and executive officers may sell shares of our New Common Stock on the open market. These sales will be publicly disclosed in filings
made with the SEC. In the future, our directors and executive officers may sell a significant number of shares for a variety of
reasons unrelated to the performance of our business. Our stockholders may perceive these sales as a reflection on management s
view of the business, which may result in some stockholders selling their shares of our New Common Stock. These sales could cause
the price of our stock to drop. 

Volatility of Our Stock Price Could Adversely Affect Current
and Future Stockholders   

If and when shares of our New Common Stock
commence trading, the market price of our New Common Stock is likely to fluctuate widely in response to various factors which are
beyond our control. The price of our New Common Stock is not necessarily indicative of our operating performance or long-term business
prospects. In addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that
are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely
affect the market price of our New Common Stock. Factors that could cause the market price to fluctuate substantially include,
among others: 

our ability or inability
to execute our business plan;  

the dilutive effect or perceived
dilutive effect of additional equity financings;  

investor perception of our
company and of the industry;  

the success of competitive
products or technologies;  

regulatory developments in
the U.S. or overseas;  

developments or disputes
concerning patents or other proprietary rights;  

the recruitment or departure
of key personnel; or  

general economic, political
and market conditions.  

The stock market in general has recently
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Continued market fluctuations could result in extreme volatility in the price
of our New Common Stock, which could cause a decline in the value of our New Common Stock. Price volatility could be worse if the
trading volume of our New Common Stock is low (assuming that our New Common Stock in fact begins trading). 

28   

Drawdowns Under the Backstop Commitment,
or the Exercise of the Warrants or Options, May Cause Substantial Dilution to Our Existing Stockholders   

In connection with the Recapitalization
Transaction, a significant majority of the Recapitalization Investors executed backstop commitments to purchase up to 12,800,000
additional shares of New Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of up to $3,000,000 (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment ).
For so long as the Backstop Commitment remains in effect, a majority of the members of the standing backstop committee of the Board
of Directors may approve a drawdown under the Backstop Commitment. Any such drawdown may cause substantial dilution to our existing
stockholders. 

In the Recapitalization Transaction, we
issued Warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Recapitalization Investors. The Warrants terminate
on May 5, 2021 and are exercisable at any time on or after November 5, 2016 at exercise prices ranging from $0.50 per share to
$1.00 per share. The exercise of these Warrants may cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. 

In addition, our Board of Directors has
granted options to purchase 1,362,500 shares of New Common Stock to certain of our employees and directors, subject to approval
of the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, by our stockholders, of which 105,000 options have been forfeited since their grant date. The exercise of these options may
also cause dilution to our existing stockholders and affect the market price of the New Common Stock. 

We May Likely Issue Additional Equity
or Debt Securities Which May Materially and Adversely Affect the Price of Our New Common Stock   

Sales of substantial amounts of shares
of our New Common Stock in the public market if and when trading commences, or the perception that those sales may occur, could
negatively affect the market price of our New Common Stock. We have used, and will likely continue to use, our common stock or
securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock to fund working capital needs or to acquire technology, product rights
or businesses, or for other purposes. If additional equity and/or equity-linked securities are issued, particularly during times
when our New Common Stock is trading at relatively low price levels, the price of our New Common Stock may be materially and adversely
affected. 

We are Subject to Anti-Takeover Provisions and Laws   

Provisions in our restated certificate
of incorporation and restated bylaws and applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may make it more difficult
for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval of our Board of Directors. These provisions may make it more difficult
or expensive for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting common stock or delay, prevent or deter a merger,
acquisition, tender offer or proxy contest, which may negatively affect the price of our New Common Stock. 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. Properties  

Our principal executive offices are located
at 207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1, Gaithersburg, MD 20877 and our warehouse facility is located at 209 Perry Parkway, Suite 7, Gaithersburg,
MD 20877. These facilities are comprised of approximately 12,000 square feet. These facilities fall under two leases with monthly
rent, including our share of certain annual operating costs and taxes, at approximately $13,000 and $4,000 per month with the leases
expiring September 2019. In addition, we also lease a 2,076 square foot facility in Nashville, Tennessee, which is being utilized
as a commercial operations office. The lease is approximately $4,000 per month excluding our shares of annual operating expenses
and expires April 30, 2018. We also lease a 16,300 square foot facility in Durham, North Carolina, which we initially used to conduct
research and development primarily focused on the Bright Cells technology. The lease is approximately $20,000 per month, including
our share of certain annual operating costs and taxes, and expires December 31, 2018. Following the discontinuation of direct funding
for our bright cells clinical development activities in May 2014, we have subleased the facility. The sublease rent is approximately
$13,000 per month and expires December 31, 2018. The Company does not own any real property and does not intend to invest in any
real property in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings  

The Company filed its Chapter 11 Case on
January 26, 2016 and emerged from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016. Please see the description of the Company s Chapter 11 Case
contained in   Item 1 Business   Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy  , which is incorporated herein
by reference. Other than the Chapter 11 Case, the Company has not been party to, and its property has not been the subject of,
any material legal proceedings required to be disclosed herein. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

29   

PART II  

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Market Information  

During the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015, shares of Old Common Stock were quoted for trading on the OTC Markets Group s OTCQX marketplace (the  OTCQX )
under the symbol  NUOT.  Between January 26, 2011 and November 13, 2014, the Old Common Stock was quoted under the
trading symbol  CMXI.  After we filed our petition for bankruptcy in January 2016, our Old Common Stock was traded
on OTC Pink under the symbol  NUOTQ.  Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, all outstanding shares of Old Common
Stock were cancelled as of May 5, 2016. Our shares of New Common Stock are not currently quoted for trading on any marketplace.
While we intend to apply to have the shares of New Common Stock approved for trading on OTCQX or OTCQB once we have satisfied the
necessary conditions for such application, we cannot assure you that our application will be approved. Assuming that our shares
of New Common Stock are approved for trading, they will be quoted under a new trading symbol, which has not yet been determined. 

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the high and low closing prices for our common stock as determined from quotations on the OTCQX. The quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, markdown, or commissions, and may not represent actual transactions. 

On March 28, 2016, the record date under
our Plan of Reorganization, the closing sales price of our Old Common Stock as reported on OTC Pink was $0.025. On May 4, 2016,
the day prior to the Effective Date under our Plan of Reorganization, the closing sales price of our Old Common Stock as reported
on OTC Pink was $0.015 per share. On May 5, 2016, the Company issued shares of New Common Stock to certain accredited investors
in the Recapitalization Financing for a purchase price of $1.00 per share. 

Holders  

There were approximately 828 holders of
record of our New Common Stock as of September 30, 2016. 

Dividends  

We have not paid or declared cash distributions
or dividends on our Old Common Stock in 2015 or 2014 and we do not intend to pay cash dividends on our New Common Stock in the
foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all earnings, if and when generated, for reinvestment in our business. 

The Certificate of Designations for our
Series A Preferred Stock limits the Company s ability to pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock without
the consent of holders representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares Series A Preferred Stock. 

Penny Stock  

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate
broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Our stock is currently a  penny stock.  Penny
stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those
rules, deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, which: (a) contains a description of the nature and
level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the
broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to
a violation to such duties or other requirements of securities  laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description
of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;
(d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure
document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form as the SEC shall
require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide to the customer, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny
stock, (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;
(c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity
of the market for such stock; and (d) monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those
rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser
and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to
transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock. 

30   

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

The Company did not make any stock repurchases
during the last quarter of 2015. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

Except as previously reported in the Company s
Current Reports on Form 8-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and elsewhere in this filing, there have been no unregistered
sales of securities in 2015. 

ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data  

Not Applicable. 

31   

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. The discussion in this section regarding the Company s business
and operations includes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. See  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  at the beginning of this Annual Report. The following
should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein. Certain numbers
in this section have been rounded for ease of analysis.  

Important Note About Our Bankruptcy,
Emergence from Bankruptcy and Fresh-Start Accounting 

Please refer to the disclosure in  Item
1. Business   Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy  for a description of our bankruptcy and material post-bankruptcy
events. Such disclosure is incorporated herein by reference.  

Following the consummation of the Plan
of Reorganization, the Company s financial condition and results of operations from and after May 5, 2016 will not be comparable
to the financial condition or results of operations reflected in the Company s prior financial statements (including those
contained in this Annual Report and described below) due to the Company s application of fresh-start accounting to its financial
statements from and after May 5. Fresh-start accounting requires the Company to adjust its assets and liabilities contained in
its financial statements immediately prior to its emergence from bankruptcy protection to their estimated fair values using the
acquisition method of accounting. Those adjustments will be material and will affect the Company s results of operations
from and after May 5, 2016. For further details, please refer to the  Explanatory Note  at the beginning of this Annual
Report.  

Overview  

Nuo Therapeutics is a regenerative therapies
company developing and marketing products primarily within the U.S. We commercialize innovative cell-based technologies that harness
the regenerative capacity of the human body to trigger natural healing. The use of autologous (from self) biological therapies
for tissue repair and regeneration is part of a transformative clinical strategy designed to improve long term recovery in complex
chronic conditions with significant unmet medical needs. 

Our current commercial offering consists
of point of care technology for the safe and efficient separation of autologous blood to produce a platelet based therapy for the
chronic wound care market. During the year ended December 31, 2015, we had two distinct Platelet Rich Plasma ( PRP )
devices, the Aurix System for chronic wound care, and the Angel concentrated PRP ( cPRP ) system for usage generally
within the orthopedics market. Approximately 85% of our product sales during the year ended December 31, 2015 were in the United
States, where we sold our products through direct sales representatives and our agreements with Arthrex. 

As described under   Item 1. Business
  Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy ,  on May 5, 2016 the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption
Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), the designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee
the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated
intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed under the Arthrex Agreement, as well as rights to collect royalty payments
thereunder. On May 5, 2016, the Company and the Assignee also entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company
agreed to continue to service the Arthrex Agreement for a transition period. As a result, the Aurix System currently represents
our only commercial product offering. 

Growth drivers in the United States include
the treatment of chronic wounds with Aurix in (i) the Veterans Affairs ( VA ) healthcare system and other Federal accounts
settings and (ii) the Medicare population under a National Coverage Determination ( NCD ) when registry data is collected
under the Coverage with Evidence Development ( CED ) program of the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services ( CMS ). 

32   

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014  

The amounts presented in this comparison section have been
rounded to the nearest thousand. 

Revenue and Gross Profit   

The following table presents revenues and
cost of revenues by product (rounded to nearest thousand): 

Total revenues increased by $3,749,000
(48%) to $11,511,000, comparing the year ended December 31, 2015 to the previous year. This was primarily due to a $3,000,000 one-time
license fee related to the Rohto agreement, increased product sales of $541,000 and increased royalties of $208,000. 

Overall gross profit increased by $2,553,000 (258%) to $3,544,000
while overall gross margin increased to 31% from 13%, comparing the year ended December 31, 2015 to the previous year. The increase
in gross margin resulted primarily from the $1,500,000 net effect of the Rohto license fee and related cost of license fees paid
to Millennia. In addition, we recognized decreased costs related to Angel centrifuge refurbishment. 

Aurix Revenue and Gross Profit   

Overall, Aurix revenue increased by $3,125,000,
while gross profit increased by $1,567,000 comparing the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 to the previous year. The increase
in both was primarily due to the one time $3,000,000 license fee related to the Rohto agreement and related costs of license
fees paid to Millennia of $1,500,000. The remaining portion of the increase was primarily due to increased volume of Aurix product
sales. 

Angel Revenue and Gross Profit   

Overall, Angel revenue increased by $665,000
while gross profit increased $1,023,000 comparing the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 to the previous year. Angel product
sales increased $416,000 while gross profit increased $774,000 for the same periods. Product sales were driven by increased quantity
of centrifuge sales partially offset by decrease in disposal sales volumes. The increase in gross profit and gross margin was primarily
due to the decrease in machine refurbishment cost. There was a $600,000 accrual recorded for the expected refurbishment and design
improvements of customer-placed machines at December 31, 2014. 

As described under   Item 1. Business
- Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy ,  on May 5, 2016 the Company assigned its rights, title and interest in and
to the Arthrex Agreement, and transferred and assigned associated intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed under
the Arthrex Agreement, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder, to Deerfield. On May 5, 2016, the Company and
the Assignee also entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to continue to service the Arthrex Agreement
for a transition period. As a result, the Company will not have any revenue from the Angel product line for periods
after May 5, 2016, but will continue to incur modest expenses in 2016. 

Bright Cell Revenue and Gross Profit   

Bright Cell revenue decreased by $42,000
while gross profit decreased by $38,000 comparing the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 to the previous year. The decreases
were due to lower royalties received under the license agreement with StemCell Technologies for the Aldeflour product. 

Operating Expenses   

Total operating expenses increased by $20,481,000
(84%) to $44,863,000 comparing the year ended December 31, 2015 to the previous year. A discussion of the various components of
operating expenses follows. 

Sales and Marketing  

Sales and marketing expenses increased
by $457,000 (8%) to $6,236,000 comparing the year ended December 31, 2015 to the previous year. The increase was primarily due
to the then-planned expansion of our commercial and marketing organization that began in the second quarter of 2014 and subsequent
costs associated with the realignment of the Company. The growth of the commercial organization led to increased employee compensation
and benefits which was partially offset by reduced placement fees, marketing costs and professional fees. 

33   

Research and Development  

Research and development expenses decreased
by $1,486,000 (37%) to $2,551,000 comparing the year ended December 31, 2015 to the previous year. The decrease was primarily due
to lower Aldagen clinical development costs as a result of the conclusion of the RECOVER-Stroke trial in 2014 and reduced external
CED costs related to the development of the approved Aurix CED protocols. 

General and Administrative  

General and administrative expenses decreased by $861,000 (9%)
to $9,022,000 comparing the year ended December 31, 2015 to the previous year. The decrease was primarily due to lower compensation
expense related to the realignment of the Company, and lower expenses resulting from the closure of our Durham, North Carolina
facility in 2014. This was partially offset by increased severance costs related to the recent realignment of the Company, professional
fees, and temporary services. 

Impairment of Intangible Assets 

Because of events and circumstances in
the year ended December 31, 2015, including a substantial reduction in our stock price, our status with respect to the Deerfield
Facility Agreement, and our liquidity, we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting
unit was reduced below the carrying value of its net equity, requiring an impairment test as of September 30, 2015. We compared
the carrying value of our single reporting unit to its fair value and concluded that the carrying value of the unit exceeded its
fair value. We then performed the second step of the goodwill impairment test and determined that our goodwill was fully impaired.
As a result, we recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of approximately $1.1 million to write-down goodwill to its estimated
fair value of zero as of September 30, 2015. 

Additionally, we identified triggering
events during 2015 indicating that our IPR D asset may be impaired and, as a result, we performed impairment tests as of September
30, 2015 and as of December 31, 2015. As a result of those impairment tests, we determined that our IPR D asset was fully impaired
as of December 31, 2015 and recognized a non-cash IPR D impairment charge of approximately $25.9 million in 2015. 

In connection with our Plan of Reorganization,
we are applying fresh-start accounting to our financial condition and results of operations from and after May 5, 2016. Fresh-start
accounting requires us to adjust our assets and liabilities contained in our financial statements immediately prior to our emergence
from bankruptcy protection to their estimated fair values using the acquisition method of accounting. Those adjustments will be
material and will affect results of operations on and after May 5, 2016. 

Other Income and Expense   

Other expense, net increased by a gross
$16,105,000 to other expense, net of $11,578,000 for the year ended December 31, 2015 in comparison to other income, net of $4,527,000
for the year ended December 31, 2014. The difference was primarily due to the complete amortization of the remaining debt discount
and associated issuance costs of the Deerfield credit facility as non-cash interest expense totaling $37,634,000 which was partially
offset by the favorable $21,746,000 change in the fair value of derivative liabilities from an unrealized gain of $8,101,000 to
an unrealized gain of $29,847,000 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively. 

As of May 5, 2016, the Effective Date,
the Company has no remaining interest-bearing debt or forward debt obligations. 

Other income and expense is expected to
be modest in 2016, because after emerging from bankruptcy, the Company does not currently have any debt obligations or derivative
liabilities that would require periodic fair market valuation. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have a history of losses, are not currently
profitable, and expect to incur losses and negative operating cash flows in the future. We may never generate sufficient revenues
to achieve and maintain profitability. For the year ended December 31, 2015, we incurred a net loss from operations of approximately
$41.2 million and had an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2015 of approximately $163 million. We had negative working capital
at December 31, 2015 of $38.8 million as compared to working capital of $13.4 million at December 31, 2014. As a result
of the application of fresh-start accounting as of May 5, 2016, or the Effective Date, our reorganization value determined as of
the Effective Date will be our initial stockholders  equity value. Our retained earnings balance will be zero as of the Effective
Date. 

At December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash
equivalents of approximately $0.9 million, total current assets of approximately $3.0 million and total current liabilities
of approximately $42.2 million. As of June 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $6.1 million, total current
assets of approximately $8.1 million and total current liabilities of approximately $2.6 million. Our operations are subject
to certain risks and uncertainties including those described in   Item 1.A Risk Factors .  

34   

We estimate that our current resources,
expected revenue from sales of Aurix, including additional revenue expected to be generated from our Restorix collaboration, limited
royalty and license fee revenue from our license of certain aspects of the ALDH technology to StemCell Technologies for the Aldeflour
product line, combined with the $3.0 million Backstop Commitment (which is not available to us until June 30, 2017), will be adequate
to maintain our operations through at least the end of 2017. However, if we are unable to increase our revenues as much as expected
or control our costs as effectively as expected, then we may be required to curtail portions of our strategic plan or to cease
operations. The Backstop Commitment is, by its terms, only available to us on or after June 30, 2017, and terminates upon the occurrence
of certain events. 

Historically, we have financed our operations
through a combination of the sale of debt, equity and equity-linked securities, licensing, royalty, and product revenues. For a
description of our equity and debt financing activities in 2014 and 2015, please refer to   - Cash Flows   Financing
Activities   Issuance of Old Common Stock,   and   - Issuance of Debt   below. 

In January 2015 we granted to Rohto a royalty
bearing, nontransferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use certain of our intellectual property for
the development, import, use, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution for all wound care and topical dermatology applications
of the Aurix System and related intellectual property and know-how in human and veterinary medicine in Japan in exchange for, among
other things, an upfront payment from Rohto of $3.0 million. In connection with and effective as of the entering into the Rohto
agreement, we executed Amendment No. 5 to the Licensing and Distribution Agreement with Millennia dated September 10, 2009, as
subsequently amended, to terminate such agreement with Millennia and to allow us to transfer the Japanese exclusivity rights from
Millennia to Rohto. In connection with this amendment we paid a one-time, non-refundable fee of $1.5 million to Millennia upon
our receipt of the $3.0 million upfront payment from Rohto. For additional information on the Rohto agreement and the amendment
to the Millennia agreement, please see   Item 1. Business   Our Business   The Aurix System .  

On August 11, 2015, our Board
of Directors approved a realignment plan with the goal of preserving and maximizing, for the benefit of our stockholders,
the value of our existing assets. The plan eliminated approximately 30% of our workforce and was aimed at the preservation
of cash and cash equivalents to finance our future operations and support our revised business objectives. In addition,
on December 4, 2015, the Company eliminated an additional 22% of its workforce, or seven employees, and in January 2016,
the Company eliminated four additional employees. We recognized and paid cumulative severance costs to executives and
non-executives in connection with the realignment plan of approximately $1.1 million through June 30, 2016. 

On January 26, 2016, we filed a voluntary
petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware seeking relief under Chapter 11 the Bankruptcy Code.
During the pendency of the Chapter 11 Case, we continued to operate our business with funding under the DIP Loans as a  debtor-in-possession 
under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders
of the Bankruptcy Court. On January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving our interim DIP Financing pursuant
to terms set forth in a senior secured, superpriority DIP Credit Agreement by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender from
time to time party to the DIP Credit Agreement, including, but not limited to the Deerfield Lenders and the DIP Agent. The Deerfield
Lenders comprised 100% of the lenders under the Deerfield Facility Agreement. The final DIP Credit Agreement provided for senior
secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6,000,000 in post-petition financing. 

On the Effective Date, the obligations
of the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and under the DIP Credit Agreement were cancelled in accordance with the
Plan of Reorganization and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. 

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain investors in the Recapitalization
Financing for net cash to the Company of $7,052,500. The net cash amount excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering expenses paid
from the proceeds of the DIP Financing, which was converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date. As part of
the Recapitalization Financing, the Company also issued Warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain of
the Recapitalization Investors. 

Under the Plan of Reorganization, the Company
issued 29,038 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Deerfield Lenders. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity
date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid to holders
of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other capital stock
that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction. For
so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and elect
one member of the Board of Directors and to have such director serve on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established
to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of decisions or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment. Lawrence Atinsky
serves as the designee of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, which are all currently affiliates of Deerfield Management Company,
L.P., of which Mr. Atinsky is a Partner. The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a
single class, representing approximately one percent (1%) of the voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to approve certain transactions. For so long as the Backstop Commitment remains in effect,
a majority of the members of the standing backstop committee of the Board of Directors may approve a drawdown under the Backstop
Commitment. Among other restrictions, the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock limits the Company s
ability to (i) issue securities that are senior or  pari passu  with the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) incur debt (other
than for working capital purposes not in excess of $3.0 million), (iii) issue securities that are junior to the Series A Preferred
Stock and that provide certain consent rights to the holders of such junior securities in connection with a liquidation or contain
certain liquidation preferences, (iv) pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock, and (v) change the authorized number
of members of its Board of Directors to a number other than five, in each case without the consent of holders representing at least
two-thirds of the outstanding shares Series A Preferred Stock. 

35   

As a result of the assignment to Deerfield
of our rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the related transfer
and assignment of associated intellectual property previously owned by us and licensed under the Arthrex Agreement, as well as
rights to collect royalty payments thereunder, we will no longer receive royalties from the Angel product line for periods after
May 5, 2016, but we will continue to incur modest net expenses under the Transition Services Agreement with Deerfield SS. 

If we are unable to generate sufficient
revenues or raise additional funds, we may be forced to delay the completion of, or significantly reduce the scope of, our current
business plan; delay some of our development and clinical or marketing efforts; delay our plans to penetrate the market serving
Medicare beneficiaries and fulfill the related data gathering requirements as stipulated by the Medicare CED coverage determination;
delay the pursuit of commercial insurance reimbursement for our wound treatment technologies; delay any other strategic plans or
postpone the hiring of new personnel; or, under certain dire financial circumstances, cease our operations. Specific programs that
may require additional funding include, without limitation, continued investment in the sales, marketing, distribution, and customer
service areas, expansion into the international markets, significant new product development or modifications, and pursuit of other
opportunities. 

Any equity financings may cause substantial
dilution to our shareholders and could involve the issuance of securities with rights senior to the New Common Stock. Any allowed
debt financings may require us to comply with onerous financial covenants and restrict our business operations. Our ability to
complete additional financings is dependent on, among other things, the state of the capital markets at the time of any proposed
offering, market reception of the Company and the likelihood of the success of our business model, of the offering terms, etc.
We may not be able to obtain any such additional capital as we need to finance our efforts, through asset sales, equity or debt
financing, or any combination thereof, on satisfactory terms or at all. Additionally, any such financing, if at all obtained, may
not be adequate to meet our capital needs and to support our operations. 

If adequate capital cannot be obtained
on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, our revenues and operations and the value of our New Common Stock and common stock
equivalents would be materially negatively impacted and we may be forced to curtail or cease our operations. 

The Company will continue to opportunistically
pursue exploratory conversations with companies regarding their interest in our products and technologies. We will seek to leverage
these relationships if and when they materialize to secure non-dilutive sources of funding. There is no assurance that we will
be able to secure such relationships or, even if we do, the terms will be favorable to us. 

We cannot assure you that we have accurately
estimated the cash and cash equivalents necessary to finance our operations. If revenues are less than we anticipate, if operating
expenses exceed our expectations or cannot be adjusted accordingly, and/or we cannot obtain financing on acceptable terms or at
all, then our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be materially and adversely affected. 

Cash Flows 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating,
investing, and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows: 

Operating Activities   

Cash used in operating activities in 2015
of $14.4 million primarily reflects our net loss of $52.8 million adjusted by a (i) $39.3 million increase for amortization
of deferred costs and debt discount relating to the Deerfield credit facility, (ii) $29.8 million decrease for changes in the fair
value of derivative liabilities, (iii) $27.1 million increase for the impairment of goodwill and IPR D, (iv) $0.8 million
increase for stock-based compensation, and (v) $0.7 million increase for depreciation and amortization. 

Cash used in operating activities in 2014
of $17.4 million primarily reflects our net loss of $18.9 million adjusted by a (i) $8.1 million decrease for changes
in the fair value of derivative liabilities, (ii) $4.7 million increase for the impairment of IPR D and trademarks due to the
discontinuance of direct funding of additional clinical development costs of the Bright Cell Technology, (iii) $1.7 million increase
for amortization of deferred costs and debt discount relating to the Deerfield credit facility, (iv) $1.3 million increase
for stock-based compensation, (v) $0.8 million increase for changes in assets and liabilities comprising working capital,
(vi) $0.6 million increase for depreciation and amortization, and (vii) $0.2 million increase for a loss on the abandonment
of the Aldagen North Carolina lease. 

36   

Investing Activities   

Cash used in investing activities in 2015
primarily reflects the capitalization of CED software configuration costs for data management, the purchases of Aurix centrifuges,
and the net activity of purchases of Angel centrifuge equipment for research and development purposes and their subsequent sale. 

Cash used in investing activities in 2014 primarily reflects
the capitalization of business software implementation costs, the purchase of Angel centrifuge devices for internal use, and the
sale of assets resulting from the closing of our research and development facility related to the ALD-401 clinical trial. 

Financing Activities   

There were no financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2015. Net cash provided by financing activities was $30.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2014,
consisting of $3.7 million in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock and $32.9 million from the net proceeds from the issuance
of debt, offset in part by $6.2 million of debt repayments. 

Issuance of Old Common Stock  

We raised $1.8 million in the year ended
December 31, 2014 from the sale of shares of Old Common Stock under the purchase agreements entered into with Lincoln Park on February
18, 2013 and October 6, 2010. 

On March 31, 2014 we raised $2.0 million,
before placement agent s fees and other offering expenses, from the private placement of 3,846,154 shares of Old Common Stock
(at a price of $0.52 per share) and five-year stock purchase warrants to purchase 2,884,615 shares of Old Common Stock at $0.52
per shares. We paid $0.1 million in placement agent fees and other offering expenses related to this raise. 

Issuance of Debt  

On February 19, 2013, we entered into a
Credit and Security Agreement with Mid-Cap Financial from which we received $4.5 million on February 27, 2013, before placement
agent fees and other offering expenses. On March 31, 2014, we repaid the remaining balance of the term loan of approximately $3.8
million in conjunction with the execution and funding of the Deerfield Facility Agreement. 

On November 21, 2013, we executed agreements
with certain investors for the subsequent issuance of 10% subordinated convertible notes and stock purchase warrants, for gross
proceeds of $3 million, before placement agent fees and other offering expenses. We received $2.25 million of the expected gross
proceeds on December 10, 2013. We received $0.75 million of the gross proceeds in February 2014. 

On March 31, 2014 the holders of the December
2013 convertible bridge notes (except for one holder), agreed to convert their outstanding notes pursuant to its terms, converting
into 5,981,859 shares of Old Common Stock. The Company repaid, in its entirety, the portion of the debt excluded from the conversion
(including interest and prepayment penalties) pursuant to its terms, for a total cash payment of approximately $339,000. 

On March 31, 2014, we executed agreements
with the Deerfield Lenders for the issuance of a five-year senior secured convertible credit facility. Under the terms of this
agreement, the Deerfield Lenders agreed to provide to us a convertible credit facility in an amount up to $35 million, before placement
agent fees and other offering expenses. We received $9 million in March 2014 and the remaining disbursement of $26 million was
received in June 2014. We paid approximately $2.7 million in placement agent fees and other offering expenses related to the Deerfield
credit facility in the six months ended June 30, 2014. 

The $2.1 million JP Nevada Trust 12% Note
entered into in April 2011 was repaid in full in June 2014 in conjunction with the second funding under the Deerfield credit facility. 

At December 31, 2015 we had total debt
outstanding under the Deerfield Facility Agreement of $38.1 million, including accrued interest. 

Capital Commitments  

As of December 31, 2015, the Company has no material outstanding
commitments for capital expenditures. 

Inflation  

The Company believes that the rates of
inflation in recent years have not had a significant impact on its operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

The Company does not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

37   

Critical Accounting Policies  

This Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In the accompanying
consolidated financial statements, estimates are used for, but not limited to, stock-based compensation, allowance for inventory
obsolescence, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of derivative liabilities and contingent consideration, contingent liabilities,
fair value and depreciable lives of long-lived assets (including property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill), deferred
taxes and associated valuation allowance and the classification of our long-term debt. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. A summary of our significant accounting policies is included in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

A  critical accounting policy 
is one that is both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that requires management s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. Such judgments are often the result of a need to make estimates about the effect
of matters that are inherently uncertain. We have identified the following accounting policies as critical: 

Intangible Assets and Goodwill   

Intangible assets were acquired as part
of our acquisition of the Angel business and Aldagen, and consist of definite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including
goodwill. We had significant impairment charges to our intangible assets and goodwill in 2015 and 2014. See Note 8 -  Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets  and Note 3 -  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  for additional details. 

Definite-lived intangible assets  

Our definite-lived intangible assets include
trademarks, technology (including patents) and customer relationships, and are amortized over their useful lives and reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If
any indicators were present, we test for recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the net undiscounted cash
flows expected to be generated from the asset. If those net undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount (i.e., the
asset is not recoverable), we would perform the next step, which is to determine the fair value of the asset and record an impairment
loss, if any. We periodically reevaluate the useful lives for these intangible assets to determine whether events and circumstances
warrant a revision in their remaining useful lives. During 2014, as a result of changes in circumstances, the Company performed
an assessment of our various definite-lived intangible assets and concluded that the carrying value of the definite-lived intangible
assets was impaired. 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets  

We evaluate our indefinite-lived intangible
asset, consisting solely of in-process research and development ( IPR D ) acquired in the Aldagen acquisition,
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable,
and at least on an annual basis, by comparing the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the
intangible asset exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment loss in the amount of that excess. During 2015 and 2014,
as a result of changes in circumstances, the Company performed an assessment of our IPR D intangible asset and concluded that
the carrying value of the IPR D intangible asset was impaired. 

Goodwill  

Goodwill represents the purchase price
of acquisitions in excess of the amounts assigned to acquired tangible or intangible assets and assumed liabilities. Goodwill is
tax deductible in all relevant jurisdictions. As a result of our acquisition of Aldagen in February 2012, we recorded goodwill
of approximately $0.4 million. Prior to the acquisition of Aldagen, we had goodwill of approximately $0.7 million as a result of
the acquisition of the Angel business in April 2010. Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to periodic review for impairment.
Goodwill is reviewed annually, as of October 1, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of the goodwill might not be recoverable. We perform our review of goodwill on our one reporting unit. 

Before employing detailed impairment testing
methodologies, we first evaluate the likelihood of impairment by considering qualitative factors relevant to our reporting unit.
When performing the qualitative assessment, we evaluate events and circumstances that would affect the significant inputs used
to determine the fair value of the goodwill. Events and circumstances evaluated include: macroeconomic conditions that could affect
us, industry and market considerations for the medical device industry that could affect us, cost factors that could affect our
performance, our financial performance (including share price), and consideration of any company-specific events that could negatively
affect us, our business, or the fair value of our business. If we determine that it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired,
we will then apply detailed testing methodologies. Otherwise, we will conclude that no impairment has occurred. 

Detailed impairment testing involves comparing
the fair value of our one reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value exceeds carrying value, then
it is concluded that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a
second step is required to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. The second step includes hypothetically valuing the tangible
and intangible assets and liabilities of our one reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a business combination. The implied
fair value of our one reporting unit's goodwill then is compared to the carrying value of that goodwill. If the carrying value
of our one reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount
equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value. We determined that goodwill was fully impaired as of September 30, 2015. 

38   

Revenue Recognition   

We recognize revenue when the four basic
criteria for recognition are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services rendered;
(3) consideration is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. 

Sales of products  

We provide for the sale of our products,
including disposable processing sets and supplies to customers and to Arthrex as distributor of the Angel product line. Revenue
from the sale of products is recognized upon shipment of products to the customers. We do not maintain a reserve for returned products
as in the past those returns have not been material and are not expected to be material in the future. 

Usage or leasing of blood separation
equipment  

As a result of the acquisition of the Angel
business, we acquired various multiple element revenue arrangements that combined the (i) usage or leasing of blood separation
processing equipment, (ii) maintenance of processing equipment, and (iii) purchase of disposable processing sets and supplies.
We assigned these multiple element revenue arrangements to Arthrex in 2013 and no longer recognize revenue under these arrangements. 

Percentage-based fees on licensee sales
of covered products, including those sold by Arthrex, are generally recorded as products are sold by licensees and are reflected
as royalties in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Direct costs associated with product sales and royalty revenues
are recorded at the time that revenue is recognized. 

Deferred revenue at December 31, 2015 and
2014 consisted of prepaid licensing revenue of approximately $1.0 million and $1.4 million, respectively, from the licensing arrangements
under the Arthrex Agreement. Prepaid licensing revenue is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the five-year term of
the agreement. Deferred revenue related to products billed and not yet shipped of approximately $0.1 million at December 31, 2015
(none at December 31, 2014) will be recognized when the product is shipped to the customer. Revenue of approximately $0.4 million
related to the prepaid license was recognized during both the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

Medical Device Tax  

On January 1, 2013 a medical device excise
tax came into effect that required manufacturers to pay tax of 2.3% on the sale of certain medical devices. We report the medical
device excise tax on a gross basis, recognizing the tax as both revenue and cost of sales. For the years 2016 and 2017, the medical
device tax has been suspended. 

License Fees  

The Company s license agreement with
Rohto (see Note 2    Distribution and License Arrangements  for additional details) contains multiple elements that
include the delivered license and other ancillary performance obligations, such as maintaining its intellectual property and providing
regulatory support and training to Rohto. The Company has determined that the ancillary performance obligations are perfunctory
and incidental and are expected to be minimal and infrequent. Accordingly, the Company has combined the ancillary performance obligations
with the delivered license and is recognizing revenue as a single unit of accounting following revenue recognition guidance applicable
to the license. Because the license is delivered, the Company recognized the entire $3.0 million license fee as revenue in the
three months ended March 31, 2015. Other elements contained in the license agreement, such as fees and royalties related to the
supply and future sale of the product, are contingent and will be recognized as revenue when earned. 

Fair Value Measurements   

The balance sheets include various financial
instruments that are carried at fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to
transfer a liability assuming an orderly transaction in the most advantageous market at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes
a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of observability of inputs used in measuring fair value.
These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable
inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets;  

Level 2, defined as observable
inputs other than Level I prices such as quoted prices for similar assets; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities;
and  

Level 3, defined as unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.  

39   

An asset s or liability s level
within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. At
each reporting period, we perform a detailed analysis of our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. All assets
and liabilities for which the fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs or instruments which trade infrequently
and therefore have little or no price transparency are classified as Level 3. 

Our derivative financial instruments, namely
stock purchase warrants and embedded conversion options classified as liabilities, are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
Our tangible and intangible assets, namely our property and equipment, definite lived and indefinite lived intangible assets and
goodwill, are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis (upon impairment). See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for a more detailed discussion of our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring
basis. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance for
revenue recognition for contracts, superseding the previous revenue recognition requirements, along with most existing industry-specific
guidance. The guidance requires an entity to review contracts in five steps: 1) identify the contract, 2) identify performance
obligations, 3) determine the transaction price, 4) allocate the transaction price, and 5) recognize revenue. The new standard
will result in enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with
customers. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance approving a one-year deferral, making the standard effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted only for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations for
reporting revenue gross rather than net, with the same deferred effective date. In April 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify
the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and the accounting for licenses of intellectual property, with
the same deferred effective date. In May 2016, the FASB issued guidance rescinding SEC paragraphs related to revenue recognition,
pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force meeting. In May 2016, the FASB also issued
guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on assessing collectability, presentation of sales tax, noncash consideration,
and contracts and contract modifications at transition, with the same effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact, if
any, that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance
for the disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Under U.S. GAAP, continuation
of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity s
liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern
basis of accounting. Previously, there was no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures.
This was issued to provide guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so,
the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in this update are effective
for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application
is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance
as to whether a cloud computing arrangement (e.g., software as a service, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and
other similar hosting arrangements) includes a software license and, based on that determination, how to account for such arrangements.
If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element
of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include
a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The amendment is effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and may be applied on either a prospective or retrospective basis. Early adoption
is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption therefore did not affect our consolidated financial
statements included in this Annual Report. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements
from and after January 1, 2016. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance
to simplify the balance sheet disclosure for debt issuance costs. Under the guidance, debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability will be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, in
the same manner as debt discounts, rather than as an asset. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption therefore did not
affect our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. The adoption did not have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements from and after January 1, 2016. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance
for the accounting for inventory. The main provisions are that an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this update
at the lower of cost and net realizable value, except when inventory is measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. In addition, the Board has amended some of the other guidance in Topic 330 to more clearly articulate
the requirements for the measurement and disclosure of inventory. The amendments in this update for public business entities are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments
in this update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

40   

In September 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the accounting for measurement period adjustments resulting from business combinations. Under the guidance,
an acquirer will be required to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period in the reporting
period in which the adjustments are determined. The guidance requires an entity to present separately on the face of the income
statement or disclose in the notes to the financial statements the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by
line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment had been recognized as of the acquisition
date. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The amendments in this pronouncement should
be applied prospectively, with earlier application permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption
therefore did not affect our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. The adoption did not have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements from and after January 1, 2016. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred taxes. Previously, U.S. GAAP required an entity to separate deferred income tax
liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts. Under this guidance, deferred tax liabilities and assets will be classified
as noncurrent amounts. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact, if any, that this new accounting pronouncement will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance
for accounting for leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to long-term leases on the
balance sheet and expands disclosure requirements regarding leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance must be adopted on a modified retrospective basis
and provides for certain practical expedients. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance
simplifying the accounting for and financial statement disclosure of stock-based compensation awards. Under the guidance, all excess
tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation awards are to be recognized as income tax expenses or benefits
in the income statement and excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows in the operating activities
section of the statement of cash flows. Under the guidance, companies can also elect to either estimate the number of awards that
are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur. In addition, the guidance amends some of the other stock-based compensation
awards guidance to more clearly articulate the requirements and cash flow presentation for withholding shares for tax-withholding
purposes. The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted, though
all amendments of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. The adoption of certain amendments of the guidance must
be applied prospectively, and adoption of the remaining amendments must be applied either on a modified retrospective basis or
retrospectively to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance
to clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call or put options that can accelerate the payment of principal on
debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The amendments of this guidance are effective for
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. Entities are required to apply the guidance
to existing debt instruments using a modified retrospective transition method as of beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. We
are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

We have evaluated all other issued and
unadopted Accounting Standards Updates and believe the adoption of these standards will not have a material impact on our results
of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

Our financial statements and supplementary data required to
be filed pursuant to this Item 8 appear in a separate section of this report beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

None. 

41   

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

During the pendency of its Chapter 11 Case
and following the date of the Company s emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2016, in addition to their regular financial
reporting duties, the Company s management team and finance and accounting personnel were required to devote significant
time and attention to matters relating to and on the preparation of materials required in connection with the Chapter 11 Case and
the Plan of Reorganization, including monthly reports which the Company filed under cover of Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
As a result, the Company was unable to file this Annual Report, its First Quarter 10-Q and its Second Quarter 10-Q within the prescribed
time periods because of the limitations on staffing, the Company s limited financial resources and the significant additional
burdens that the Chapter 11 Case imposed on the Company s available human and financial resources. Such inability could not
have been eliminated by the Company without unreasonable effort or expense.  Following its emergence from bankruptcy on May
5, 2016, the Company commenced the process of preparing this Annual Report, its First Quarter 10-Q and its Second Quarter 10-Q. 

As of the end of the period covered by
this Annual Report, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer who is
also our Chief Financial Officer (the  Certifying Officer ), the Company conducted an evaluation of its disclosure
controls and procedures. As defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, the term  disclosure controls
and procedures  means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the
Certifying Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  Based on this evaluation, and in light of the
fact that the Company was not able to file this Annual Report within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules
and forms, our Certifying Officer has concluded that, as of December 31, 2015, our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s
principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by a company s board of directors, management and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
transactions and dispositions of our assets;   

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors; and   

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.   

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Based on its evaluation of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013), our
management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2015, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based
on those criteria.  

This Annual Report does not include an
attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant
to Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K, management s report is not subject to attestation by our independent registered public
accounting firm because the Company is neither an  accelerated filer  nor a  large accelerated filer  as
those terms are defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have not been any changes in our
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2015 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

42   

ITEM 9B. Other Information  

None. 

PART III  

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

The following table sets forth the names and ages of all current
directors and executive officers of the Company. Officers are appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. 

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position    

Joseph Del Guercio  
       
      44  
       
       Chairman of the Board   

David E. Jorden  
       
      54  
       
      Chief Executive
    and Chief Financial Officer ; Director  

C. Eric Winzer  
       
      59  
       
      Independent Director   

Scott M. Pittman  
       
      58  
       
      Independent Director   

Lawrence S. Atinsky  
       
      47  
       
      Independent Director   

Peter A. Clausen  
       
      50  
       
      Chief Scientific Officer   

Biographical Information of Directors and Executive Officers  

Biographical information with respect to the Company s
current executive officers and directors is provided below. 

Joseph Del
Guercio   has served as Chairman since May 26, 2016, Acting Chairman between May 1, 2015 and May 25, 2016, and
director since February 8, 2012. He has been Managing Director at CNF Investments (CNF)/Clark Enterprises, an Aldagen
investor, since November 2004. Prior to joining CNF, he was a director with LPL Financial Services, a Boston and San Diego
based independent broker dealer, with responsibility for strategic planning, new product development, and acquisitions. Mr.
Del Guercio started his career as an investment banker with Goldman Sachs and Robertson Stephens, where he focused on mergers
and acquisitions, private and public equity financings, and restructurings. Mr. Del Guercio serves on the boards of directors
of privately held companies Terrago Technologies Inc., an Atlanta-based technology company, American Honors College, a
Washington, D.C. based education business, AnyPresence Inc., a Virginia based technology company, PlaceCast Inc., a
California based technology company, Verax Biomedical, Inc., a company based in Worcester, Massachusetts, and Overture
Technologies, Inc., a Bethesda, MD-based software company. Mr. Del Guercio is also an advisory board member on a number of
CNF s fund investments. Mr. Del Guercio has an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School and a B.S. degree from Boston
College. Mr. Del Guercio was chosen to serve as a director of the Company in part because of his extensive experience in the
financial industry. 

David E. Jorden   has been
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective July 1, 2016 after serving as Acting CEO since January
8, 2016 and Acting CFO since May 2015. Mr. Jorden also serves as Acting Secretary of the Company. He served as our Acting CEO and
Acting CFO during the Company s bankruptcy proceedings, as disclosed under   Item 1. Business   Bankruptcy
and Emergence from Bankruptcy,   has served on the Board of Directors since October 2008 and was Executive Chairman from
February 2012 to May 2015.  Mr. Jorden is also presently serving since June 2013 as CEO in a part time capacity for Nanospectra
Biosciences, Inc., a private company developing nanoparticle directed focal thermal ablation technology of solid tumors. 
From 2003 to 2008, he was with Morgan Stanley s Private Wealth Management group where he was responsible for equity portfolio
management for high net worth individuals.  Prior to Morgan Stanley, Mr. Jorden served as CFO for Genometrix, Inc., a private
genomics/life sciences company focused on high-throughput microarray applications.  Mr. Jorden was previously a principal
with Fayez Sarofim   Co.  Mr. Jorden has a MBA from Northwestern University s Kellogg School and a B.B.A. from University
of Texas at Austin.  He is Chartered Financial Analyst and previously held a Certified Public Accountant designation. 
Mr. Jorden previously served on the board of Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: OPXA) from August 2008 through November 2013. 
He is also on the board of a private company, PLx Pharma Inc., a late stage specialty pharmaceutical company focusing initially
on commercializing a patent-protected aspirin product for over-the-counter distribution which is FDA approved and is the first
ever liquid fill aspirin product. He is presently serving as Acting CFO for PLx since June 2015. Mr. Jorden was chosen to serve
on the Board in part because of his extensive financial experience, particularly in the life sciences industry. As our current
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, he provides the Board with critical insight into the day-to-day operations
of the Company. 

43   

C. Eric Winzer   has served
as Director since January 30, 2009. Mr. Winzer has over 30 years of experience in addressing diverse financial issues including
raising capital, financial reporting, investor relations, banking, taxation, mergers and acquisitions, financial planning and analysis,
and accounting operations. Mr. Winzer has been the Chief Financial Officer at Immunomic Therapeutics, Inc., a privately-held clinical
stage biotechnology company, since May 2015. From June 2009 to April 2015 Mr. Winzer served as the Principal Accounting Officer,
Senior Vice President of Finance, and Chief Financial Officer for OpGen Inc. (OPGN), a precision medicine company that went public
in May 2015. Before his tenure with OpGen Inc., Mr. Winzer held multiple executive positions at Avalon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AVRX),
a NASDAQ listed biotechnology company, including serving as its Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Principal
Accounting Officer, and Secretary. Before joining Avalon Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Winzer held numerous senior financial positions over
twenty years at Life Technologies Corporation (LIFE) (now part of Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO)) and its predecessor companies,
Invitrogen (IVGN) and Life Technologies, Inc. (LTEK). From 1980 to 1986, Mr. Winzer held various financial positions at Genex Corporation.
Mr. Winzer has been an Independent Director at Nuo Therapeutics (f/k/a Cytomedix, Inc.) since January 30, 2009. Mr. Winzer holds
a B.A. in Economics and Business Administration from Western Maryland College (now, McDaniel College) and an M.B.A. from Mount
Saint Mary's University. Mr. Winzer was chosen to serve as a director of the Company in part because of his executive experience
in the life sciences industry and his substantial financial knowledge and expertise. 

Scott M. Pittman   has served
as a director since May 5, 2016. Mr. Pittman has over 30 years in Hospital Executive management. He is a Chief Operating  
Business Development Officer for Buchanan General Hospital, a Registered Representative with Calton   Associates, and a Principal
of Hospital CEO Associates. He has served as CEO Florida Hospital Zephyrhills, FL, in senior executive positions with Adventist
Health Systems, and in various hospital executive positions in southern West Virginia. Mr. Pittman has developed several multimillion
dollar hospital and program service expansions, and healthcare entity acquisitions and mergers, and has served on numerous state
and regional health planning organizations. He is a Magna cum Laude graduate of Southwestern Adventist University with B.S.  
B.A. Degrees in Business and Religion, and a Masters of Hospital Administration from Medical College of Virginia. Mr. Pittman was
chosen to serve as a director of the Company in part because of his extensive experience as a hospital executive. 

Lawrence S. Atinsky   has served
as a director since May 5, 2016. Mr. Atinsky is a Partner at Deerfield Management Company, LP ( Deerfield Management ),
a healthcare investment firm focused on advancing healthcare through investment, information and philanthropy.  He primarily
focuses on the firm s structured transactions and private equity investments.  Prior to joining Deerfield Management,
Mr. Atinsky was a partner of Ascent Biomedical Ventures, a healthcare focused private equity firm investing in early-stage biomedical
and medical device companies. He has over 18 years of experience investing in healthcare companies and currently serves on the
Board of FluoroPharma Medical, Inc.  Mr. Atinsky earned a J.D. from New York University School of Law and B.A. degrees in
Political Science and Philosophy from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, cum laude. Deerfield Management s affiliates are
currently the sole holders of our Series A Preferred Stock and Mr. Atinsky serves as their designee to our Board of Directors under
the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock. 

Peter A. Clausen   was appointed
as the Chief Scientific Officer on March 30, 2014. He joined the Company in September 2008 and has more than 20 years of experience
in the biotechnology industry. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Clausen was a founding member and Vice President of Research and
Development at Marligen Bioscience, where he developed and commercialized innovative genomic and protein analysis products for
the life sciences market. Dr. Clausen was the Manager of New Purification Technologies at Life Technologies and the Invitrogen
Corporation. He also has significant experience within the commercial biotechnology industry developing peptide and small molecule
therapeutics for application in the areas of inflammatory mediated disease and stem cell transplantation. He completed his post-doctoral
training at the Laboratory of Molecular Oncology at the National Cancer Institute where his research efforts focused in the areas
of oncology, hematopoiesis, and gene therapy. Dr. Clausen earned Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Rush University in Chicago and a Bachelor
of Science degree in Biochemistry from Beloit College. 

There are no family
relationships between any of the Company s executive officers or directors and, other than as disclosed above, there are
no arrangements or understandings between a director and any other person pursuant to which such person was elected as
director. 

Board of Directors  

The Board oversees the business affairs
of the Company and monitors the performance of management. Presently, there are five Board members. On the Effective Date, pursuant
to the Plan of Reorganization, the size of the Board of Directors was fixed at five members, Stephen N. Keith resigned from the
Board and Scott M. Pittman and Lawrence Atinsky were appointed to the Board, the latter by the holders of the Series A Preferred
Stock. Joseph Del Guercio, David E. Jorden and C. Eric Winzer remained on the Board of Directors. 

The procedures by which shareholders may
recommend nominees is described in the section titled  -  Nominating and Governance Committee   below. These procedures
changed materially on May 5, 2016 as the Company adopted Amended and Restated Bylaws under the Plan of Reorganization. 

For so long as Series A Preferred Stock
is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and elect one member of the Board of Directors
and to have such director serve on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established to exercise powers of the Board of
Directors in respect of decisions or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment. The Certificate of Designations for our Series
A Preferred Stock also limits the Company s ability to change the authorized number of members of its Board of Directors
to a number other than five without the consent of holders representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares Series A
Preferred Stock. 

At each annual meeting, shareholders elect
directors for a full term or the remainder thereof, as the case may be, to succeed those whose terms have expired. Each director
holds office for the term for which he or she is elected or until his or her successor is duly elected. 

44   

Director and Board Nominee Independence  

The Company s
current directors include Joseph Del Guercio, David Jorden, Eric Winzer, Scott Pittman and Lawrence Atinsky. The Board elects
to apply the NASDAQ Stock Market corporate governance requirements and standards in its determination of the independence
status of each Board and Board committee member. All of the Company s current directors meet such independence
requirements with the exception of Mr. Jorden, who does not serve on the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or
Nominating and Governance Committee. The members of the Audit Committee are also  independent  for purposes
of Section 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and NASDAQ Stock Market rules and the members of the Compensation Committee are also
 independent  for purposes of Section 10C-1 of the Exchange Act and NASDAQ Stock Market rules. The Board based
its independence determinations primarily on a review of the responses of the directors and executive officers to
questions regarding employment and transaction history, affiliations and family and other relationships and on discussions
with the directors. Please see Item 13 below for a description of directors engaged in any transaction, relationship, or
arrangement contemplated under section 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Membership, Meetings and Attendance; Committee Charters  

Our Board has three standing committees:
Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Governance Committee. In 2015, each of our directors attended at least
75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board (held during the period for which he was a director) and the
total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which he served (during the periods that he served). The Board
discussed various business matters informally on numerous occasions throughout the year 2015. In addition, the Board met 23 times
in person or telephonically, the Audit Committee met four times, the Compensation Committee met twice and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee did not meet during 2015. 

The membership and responsibilities
of these committees are summarized below. Additional information regarding the responsibilities of each committee is found in
our Amended and Restated Bylaws, each committee s charter, specific directions of the Board, and certain mandated
regulatory requirements. The charters of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees are available at
the Company s website at   http://www.nuot.com   and at no charge by contacting the Company at its
headquarters as listed on the cover page of this report. Information appearing on the Company s website is not part
of this Annual Report. 

Director Attendance at Annual Meeting  

The Company has no specific policy requiring
directors  attendance at its Annual Meeting. Our last Annual Meeting held on November 12, 2014 was attended by three of our
directors, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at the time. 

Audit Committee  

The Board formed an Audit Committee in
December 2004. Mr. Winzer currently serves as chairman of the Audit Committee. The other members of the Audit Committee are
Scott M. Pittman and Lawrence Atinsky. The Board has determined that Mr. Winzer is an audit committee financial expert as
defined by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. The Company applies NASDAQ Stock Market  independence 
standards in its assessment of director and committee member independence. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit
Committee is  independent  as required by the NASDAQ Stock Market rules and regulations and under the federal securities
laws. 

The purpose of the Audit Committee is to
assist the Board in its general oversight of our financial reporting, internal controls and audit functions. As described in the
Audit Committee Charter, the Audit Committee s primary responsibilities are to: 

Review whether or not management
has maintained the reliability and integrity of the accounting policies and financial reporting and disclosure practices of the
Company;  

Review whether or not management
has established and maintained processes to ensure that an adequate system of internal controls is functioning within the Company;  

Review whether or not management
has established and maintained processes to ensure compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements that may impact
its financial reporting and disclosure obligations;  

Oversee the selection and
retention of the Company s independent public accountants, their qualifications and independence;  

Prepare a report of the Audit
Committee for inclusion in the proxy statement for the Company s annual meeting of shareholders;  

Review the scope and cost
of the audit, the performance and procedures of the auditors, the final report of the independent auditors; and  

Perform all other duties
as the Board may from time to time designate.  

45   

Compensation Committee  

The Compensation Committee was established
in December 2004. Scott M. Pittman is the current Chairman of this Committee, with Joseph Del Guercio and C. Eric Winzer being
the other members of the Committee. The duties of the Committee include, among others, establishing any director compensation plan
or any executive compensation plan or other employee benefit plan which requires shareholder approval; establishing significant
long-term director or executive compensation and director or executive benefits plans which do not require stockholder approval;
determination of any other matter, such as severance agreements, change in control agreements, or special or supplemental executive
benefits, within the Committee s authority; determining the overall compensation policy and executive salary plan; and determining
the annual base salary, annual bonus, and annual and long-term equity-based or other incentives of each corporate officer, including
the CEO. 

Although a number of aspects of the CEO s
compensation may be fixed by the terms of his employment contract, the Compensation Committee retains discretion to determine other
aspects of the CEO s compensation. The CEO reviews the performance of the executive officers of the Company (other than the
CEO) and, based on that review, the CEO makes recommendations to the Compensation Committee about the compensation of executive
officers (other than the CEO). The CEO does not participate in any deliberations or approvals by the compensation committee or
the Board with respect to his own compensation. The Compensation Committee makes recommendations to the Board about all compensation
decisions involving the CEO and the other executive officers of the Company. The Board reviews and votes to approve all compensation
decisions involving the CEO and the executive officers of the Company. The Compensation Committee and the Board will use data,
showing current and historic elements of compensation, when reviewing executive officer and CEO compensation. The Committee is
empowered to review all components of executive officer and director compensation for consistency with the overall policies and
philosophies of the Company relating to compensation issues. The Committee may from time to time delegate duties and responsibilities
to subcommittees or a Committee member. The Committee may retain and receive advice, in its sole discretion, from compensation
consultants. None of the members of our Compensation Committee is one of our officers or employees. 

None of our executive officers currently
serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has
one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee. 

Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation
Committee is authorized to retain and terminate, without Board or management approval, the services of an independent compensation
consultant to provide advice and assistance. The Compensation Committee has the sole authority to approve the consultant s
fees and other retention terms, and reviews the independence of the consultant and any other services that the consultant or the
consultant s firm may provide to the company. The chair of the Compensation Committee reviews, negotiates and executes an
engagement letter with the compensation consultant. The compensation consultant directly reports to the Compensation Committee. 

In May 2013, the Compensation Committee,
following a review of independence and conflict of interest factors, engaged Pay Governance LLC as its independent compensation
consultant. As part of its services to the Compensation Committee, the consultant supported the Compensation Committee in executing
its duties and responsibilities with respect to the Company s compensation programs by providing information regarding market
trends and competitive compensation programs and strategies, including, among other things, preparing market data for executive
positions, assessing management recommendations for changes in the compensation structure, working with management to ensure that
the Company s executive compensation programs are designed and administered consistent with the Committee s requirements,
and provided ad hoc support to the Committee, including discussing executive compensation and related corporate governance trends.
Pay Governance provided an updated report in May 2014. Pay Governance provided no other services to the Company. 

Nominating and Governance Committee  

The Nominating and Governance Committee
has the following responsibilities as set forth in its charter: 

to review and recommend to
the Board with regard to policies for the composition of the Board;  

to review any director nominee
candidates recommended by any director or executive officer of the Company, or by any shareholder if submitted properly;  

to identify, interview and
evaluate director nominee candidates and have sole authority to retain and terminate any search firm to be used to assist the
Committee in identifying director candidates and approve the search firm s fees and other retention terms;  

to recommend to the Board
the slate of director nominees to be presented by the Board;  

to recommend director nominees
to fill vacancies on the Board, and the members of each Board committee;  

to lead the annual review
of Board performance and effectiveness and make recommendations to the Board as appropriate; and  

to review and recommend corporate
governance policies and principles for the Company, including those relating to the structure and operations of the Board and
its committees.  

46   

Lawrence S. Atinsky is the current Chairman
of this Committee, with Joseph Del Guercio and Scott M. Pittman being the other members of the Committee. 

Shareholders meeting the following requirements
who want to recommend a director candidate may do so in accordance with our Bylaws. To make a nomination for director at an Annual
Meeting, a written nomination solicitation notice must be received by our Secretary at our principal executive office not later
than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the anniversary date
of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that if the annual meeting is called for a date
that is more than 30 days earlier or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must
be so received no earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later of (x)
the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which
public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made by the Company. 

The written nomination solicitation notice
must contain the following material elements: 

As to each person whom the stockholder
proposes to nominate for election as a director: 

the name, age, business address and residence address of the person;   

the principal occupation or employment of the person;   

the class or series and number of shares of stock of the Company that are owned of record or are
directly or indirectly owned beneficially by the person;   

any derivative instrument directly or indirectly owned beneficially by the person;   

any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy
statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to
Section 14 (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and   

a written consent of the person to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected   

As to the shareholder giving the notice: 

the name and address of the shareholder as they appear on the Company s books;   

the class or series and number of shares of stock of the Company that are owned of record or directly
or indirectly owned beneficially by the shareholder and any affiliate of the shareholder;   

any proxy (other than a revocable proxy given in response to a solicitation made pursuant to Section
14(a) (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act by way of a solicitation statement filed on Schedule 14A, contract, arrangement,
understanding or relationship pursuant to which the shareholder and any affiliate of the shareholder has a right to vote any shares
of the Company;   

any derivative position held by the shareholder and any affiliate of the shareholder;   

a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (written or oral) between or among
the shareholder, any affiliate of the shareholder, any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names)
pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the shareholder;   

a representation that the shareholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to
nominate the persons named in its notice;   

any other information relating to the shareholder and any affiliate of the shareholder that would
be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies
for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder;   

a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements
and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among the shareholder, any affiliate
of the shareholder, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective
affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation all information
that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the shareholder, any affiliate
of the shareholder, or any person acting in concert therewith, was the  registrant  for purposes of such rule and the
nominee was a director or executive officer of such registrant; and   

a statement of whether the shareholder and any affiliate of the shareholder intends, or is part
of a group that intends, to solicit proxies for the election of the proposed nominee.   

In considering director candidates, the
Nomination and Governance Committee will consider such factors as it deems appropriate to assist in developing a Board and committees
that are diverse in nature and comprised of experienced and seasoned advisors who can bring the benefit of various backgrounds,
skills and insights to the Company and its operations. Candidates whose evaluations are favorable are then chosen by the Nominating
and Governance Committee to be recommended for selection by the full Board. The full Board selects and recommends candidates for
nomination as directors for stockholders to consider and vote upon at the annual meeting. Each director nominee is evaluated in
the context of the full Board s qualifications as a whole, with the objective of establishing a Board that can best perpetuate
our success and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment. Each director nominee will be evaluated
considering the relevance to us of the director nominee s skills and experience, which must be complimentary to the skills
and experience of the other members of the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee does not have a formal policy with regard
to the consideration of diversity in identifying director candidates, but seeks a diverse group of candidates who possess the background,
skills and expertise to make a significant contribution to the Board, to the Company and its shareholders. 

47   

Code of Conduct and Ethics  

In April 2005, the Board approved a Code
of Conduct and Ethics applicable to all directors, officers and employees which complies with Item 406 of Regulation S-K. A copy
of this Code of Conduct and Ethics is available at the Company s website at  www.nuot.com , and is available at no charge
by contacting the Company at its headquarters as listed on the cover page of this Annual Report. Information appearing on the Company s
website is not part of this Annual Report. 

Board Oversight of Risk Management  

Our Board does not have a policy regarding
the separation of the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board as the Board believes it is in the best interests
of the Company to make that determination based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board. Independent
directors and management have different perspectives and roles in strategy development. The Company s independent directors
bring experience, oversight and expertise from outside the Company and industry, while the Chief Executive Officer brings Company-specific
experience and expertise. Currently, the offices of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
are held by Joseph Del Guercio and David Jorden, respectively. We believe that this arrangement currently serves the best interests
of the Company and its shareholders. 

The Board s role in the
Company s risk oversight process involves the receipt of regular reports from members of senior management on areas
of material risk to the Company, including strategic, operational, reporting, and compliance risks. The full Board (or
the appropriate standing committee of the Board in the case of risks that are under the purview of a particular committee) is
to receive these reports from the appropriate party within the organization that is responsible for a particular risk or set
of risks to enable it to understand our risk identification, management and mitigation strategies. When a
committee receives such a report, the Chairman of the committee will discuss the report with the full Board during the next
available Board meeting, holding additional meetings, if and when required. The Board believes that this practice enables the
Board and its committees to coordinate risk oversight for the Company, particularly in light of the interrelationship among
various risks. During the regular course of its activities, our Audit Committee discusses our policies with respect to
risk assessment and risk management. The Compensation Committee and the Board each discuss the relationship between
our compensation policies and corporate risk to assess whether these policies encourage excessive risk-taking by executives
and other employees. 

Process for Communicating with Board Members  

We have no formal written policy regarding communication with
the Board. Persons wishing to write to the Board or to a specified director or committee of the Board should send correspondence
to the Secretary at our principal offices. Electronic submissions of shareholder correspondence will not be accepted. The Secretary
will forward to the directors all communications that, in his judgment, are appropriate for consideration by the directors. Examples
of communications that would not be appropriate for consideration by the directors include commercial solicitations and matters
not relevant to the shareholders, to the functioning of the Board, or to the affairs of the Company. Any correspondence received
that is addressed generically to the Board will be forwarded to the Chairman of the Board. If the Chairman of the Board is not
an independent director, a copy will be sent to the Chairman of the Audit Committee as well. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires
officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of equity securities to, within specified time
periods, file certain reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. 

Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and Forms 4 furnished
to the Company pursuant to Rule 16a-3 under this Exchange Act during the Company s most recently completed fiscal year, and
Forms 5 with respect to the most recently completed fiscal year, the Company believes that all such forms required to be filed
pursuant to Section 16(a) were timely filed as necessary by the executive officers, directors and security holders required to
file same during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 other than one late Form 4 filed by David Jorden reporting the grant of
stock options and one late Form 4 filed by Joseph Del Guercio reporting two separate grants of stock options. 

48   

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation  

This discussion focuses on the compensation
paid to  named executive officers,  which is a defined term generally encompassing all persons that served as principal
executive officer at any time during the most recently completed fiscal year, as well as certain other highly paid executive officers
during such fiscal year. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, the named executive officers consisted of the following
persons: 

Peter
                                         Clausen, who has served as our Chief Scientific Officer since April 2014.   

Summary Compensation Table  

(1)  The amount under Option Awards represents
                                         the grant date fair value of the option awarded on April 8, 2014 under the Company s
                                         2013 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase 350,000 shares of the Old Common Stock at an exercise
                                         price of $0.60 per share, and the grant date fair value of the option awarded on July
                                         17, 2014 under the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase 1,000,000 shares
                                         of the Old Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share. On January 8, 2016,
                                         the Board of Directors provided written notice to terminate, without cause, the employment
                                         relationship between the Company and Mr. Tozer. On April 15, 2016 the Company reached
                                         an agreement to settle any and all outstanding employment compensation claims between
                                         Mr. Tozer and the Company. Mr. Tozer received $182,500 as an allowed general unsecured
                                         claim in connection with the bankruptcy proceedings, which is not reflected in the above
                                         table. In addition, it was acknowledged that the 890,200 vested options to purchase Old
                                         Common Stock outstanding as of the date of the settlement agreement would be cancelled
                                         and discharged under the terms of the Plan of Reorganization.   

(2)  The amount under Option Awards represents
                                         the grant date fair value of the option awarded on April 8, 2014 under the Company s
                                         2013 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase 300,000 shares of the Company s Old Common
                                         Stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share. All such options were cancelled on May
                                         5, 2016 in accordance with the Plan of Reorganization. In connection with Mr. Rosendale s
                                         resignation, he entered into a separation agreement with the Company dated August 13,
                                         2015. Under the separation agreement, Mr. Rosendale received severance pay amounting
                                         to $192,500, representing his salary from August 15, 2015 to February 15, 2016, $144,375
                                         of which was paid in 2015 and $48,125 remained in accrued expenses at December 31, 2015
                                         and was paid as an allowed general unsecured claim on a post-bankruptcy basis .  In
                                         addition, Cobra coverage benefits of $5,392 were paid on behalf of Mr. Rosendale in 2015
                                         and $18,205 remained accrued at December 31, 2015. Furthermore, Mr. Rosendale received
                                         $45,164 in accumulated and unused vacation benefits upon resignation. Mr. Rosendale s
                                         severance pay, Cobra coverage benefits, vacation benefits and employer 401(k) matching
                                         contributions are all included under All Other Compensation. In addition, Mr. Rosendale
                                         received $2,231 in consulting fees for services performed after his resignation in 2015,
                                         which are also included in All Other Compensation.   

49   

(3)  Mr. Jorden served as Executive Chairman of the Company
prior to assuming the role of Acting Chief Financial Officer in May 2015. The amount Mr. Jorden received in his capacity as Executive
Chairman is reported under  All Other Compensation.  Mr. Jorden did not receive any additional compensation for his
service as a director. Commencing on May 1, 2015, the Company began compensating Mr. Jorden at the rate of $200,000 per year for
as long as he served as Acting Chief Financial Officer. The amount under  Option Awards  represents the grant date
fair value of the options awarded on July 9, 2015 under the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase 250,000 shares
of the Old Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.21 per share. All such options were cancelled on May 5, 2016 in accordance
with the Plan of Reorganization. On January 8, 2016, the Board also appointed Mr. Jorden as the Company's Acting Chief Executive
Officer, effective immediately. In connection therewith, the Board agreed to an increase in Mr. Jorden's annual compensation from
$200,000 to $250,000, effective January 16, 2016. On July 1, 2016, the Board appointed Mr. Jorden as the Company s Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and, at the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, increased his annual salary
to $275,000. The Board also awarded Mr. Jorden options to purchase shares of New Common Stock subject to approval of the 2016
Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan by the Company s shareholders, as described in   Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan.   

(4)  The amount under Option Awards represents
                                         the grant date fair value of the options awarded on April 8, 2014 under the Company s
                                         2013 Equity Incentive Plan to purchase 300,000 shares of the Old Common Stock at an exercise
                                         price of $0.60 per share. All such options were cancelled on May 5, 2016 in accordance
                                         with the Plan of Reorganization. On July 1, 2016, the Board awarded Mr. Clausen options
                                         to purchase shares of New Common Stock subject to approval of the 2016 Omnibus Incentive
                                         Compensation Plan by the Company s shareholders, as described in   Item
                                         12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
                                         Matters   2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan.     

(5)  Represents the grant date fair value
                                         of the stock option awards granted during the fiscal year indicated, calculated in accordance
                                         with FASB ASC Topic 718. The fair value was estimated using the assumptions detailed
                                         in Note 1 to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual
                                         Report. In accordance with the terms of our Plan of Reorganization, all such options
                                         were cancelled as of May 5, 2016.   

Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control
Arrangements  

Following is a description of the employment or severance agreements
the Company has with its named executive officers. 

David Jorden   

In April 2015, Mr. Jorden was appointed
as Acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company for the remainder of the fiscal year, a role which he officially assumed in May
of that year. Commencing on May 1, 2015, the Company began compensating Mr. Jorden at the rate of $200,000 per year for as long
as he served as Acting Chief Financial Officer. On January 8, 2016, the Board also appointed Mr. Jorden as the Company's Acting
Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. In connection therewith, the Board agreed to an increase in Mr. Jorden's annual
compensation from $200,000 to $250,000, effective January 16, 2016. On July 1, 2016, the Board appointed Mr. Jorden as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and, at the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, increased his annual
salary to $275,000. Option awards made to Mr. Jorden in 2014-2016 are set forth in the   Summary Compensation Table  
and/or its footnotes. 

Peter Clausen   

On March 30, 2014, the Board
appointed Peter Clausen, the Company s Senior VP of Technology and Business Development, to serve as the
Company s Chief Science Officer (later renamed Chief Scientific Officer). Pursuant to the terms of his employment
agreement, (i) beginning on April 1, 2014, Mr. Clausen s annual base salary was set to $290,000, subject to annual
review by the Compensation Committee and (ii) he is eligible to earn up to 40% of his annual salary as an annual bonus. On
May 23, 2014, the Board approved the terms and provisions of Mr. Clausen s continued employment with the Company to
include, among others: (i) base salary of $290,000 per annum, subject to review by the Board for subsequent increases on an
annual basis; (ii) an opportunity to earn an annual bonus in the amount of up to 40% of his annual base salary, subject to
the Board s review and approval, and (iii) provisions relating to termination of his employment with or without cause
as well as terminations for change in control of the Company. In addition, the foregoing agreement also contains
non-solicitation, non-disparagement, non-competition and other covenants and provisions customary for agreements of this
nature. Option awards made to Mr. Clausen in 2014-2016 are set forth in the   Summary Compensation Table  
and/or its footnotes. 

50   

Martin Rosendale   

Effective as of May 14, 2014, the Company
and Mr. Rosendale entered into an employment agreement, which, among other things, set forth the terms and conditions of Mr. Rosendale s
then-continuing employment with the Company for a twelve month term (which was renewable automatically for twelve-month terms
unless terminated in accordance with the terms of the agreement) to include, among others: (i) a base salary of $385,000 per annum,
subject to review by the Board for subsequent increases on a periodic basis; (ii) an opportunity to earn an annual bonus in the
amount of up to 50% of his annual base salary, subject to the Board s review and approval, (iii) reimbursement of reasonable
business expenses, and (iv) provisions relating to termination of his employment with or without cause, as well as terminations
for change in control of the Company. In addition, the agreement contained non-solicitation, non-disparagement, noncompetition
and other covenants and provisions customary for agreements of this nature. Option awards made to Mr. Rosendale in 2014 and 2015
are set forth in the   Summary Compensation Table   and its footnotes. 

Effective August 13, 2015, Mr. Rosendale
entered into a separation agreement with the Company in connection with his resignation on such date. Under the separation agreement,
Mr. Rosendale was paid his regular base salary through February 15, 2016 (amounting to an aggregate payment of $192,500). In addition,
Mr. Rosendale was eligible to receive another $192,500 in the event that the Company secured funding or funding commitments (included
tranched or milestone based funding) that covered its 2016 operating plan as established by the Board of Directors, and provided
further that if the Company s funding (as of February 28, 2016) were not sufficient to cover the 2016 operating plan, the
lump sum payment would be paid when such funding was sufficient to cover the 2016 operating plan, but no later than December 31,
2016. These conditions for receipt of another $192,500 were not met. In addition, the Company paid Mr. Rosendale $45,164 in accumulated
and unused vacation benefits upon resignation. Under the terms of the agreement, until the earlier of (i) February 15, 2017,
or (ii) the date on which Mr. Rosendale has become eligible for comparable benefits from another employer (such date, the
 COBRA Termination Date ), the Company will reimburse Mr. Rosendale for the cost of his COBRA coverage. COBRA coverage
benefits of $5,392 were paid on behalf of Mr. Rosendale in 2015 and $18,205 remained accrued at December 31, 2015. After the COBRA
Termination Date, Mr. Rosendale has the right to continue such coverage at his own expense through COBRA. The separation agreement
contains non-solicitation, non-disparagement, noncompetition and other covenants and provisions customary for agreements of this
nature. Please refer to footnote (2) to the   Summary Compensation   Table   above for the amount of the
consulting fees Mr. Rosendale received in 2015 after his resignation. 

Dean Tozer   

In connection with Mr. Tozer's appointment
as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective August 15, 2015 as part of its realignment plan, the Company
entered into an amendment to Mr. Tozer s employment agreement dated as of May 30, 2014, as previously amended on July 15,
2014. Pursuant to the amended employment agreement, Mr. Tozer: (i) would serve as President and Chief Executive Officer until
December 31, 2016; (ii) would receive an annual salary of $365,000; (iii) would be entitled, in lieu of an annual bonus for the
fiscal years ending December 31, 2015 and 2016, to receive a one-time, special cash bonus, in the amount of up to 80% of his base
salary, upon satisfaction of certain criteria as established by the Board, on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee
in consultation with Mr. Tozer; (iv) would be entitled to a one-time adjustment to his existing options (subject to any required
consents), such that the amount of equity securities represented by his options as of the effective date of the amended employment
agreement would equal the same percentage of equity securities represented by such options, in the event the Company issued additional
equity to Deerfield in connection with any modifications to the Deerfield Facility Agreement; (v) would be entitled to additional
equity awards, as considered and determined by the Board; and (vi) would be entitled to severance payments equal to 12 months
of his base salary, or (solely in the event he remained as Chief Executive Officer following December 31, 2016 and the Company
achieved certain performance criteria to be established by the Board in consultation with Mr. Tozer by the later of (i) September
30, 2015 and (ii) ten (10) days after the modification of the Deerfield Facility Agreement is finalized) 18 months of his
base salary. Option awards made to Mr. Tozer in 2014 and 2015 are set forth in the   Summary Compensation Table  
and its footnotes. 

On January 8, 2016, the Board of Directors
notified Mr. Tozer of his termination without cause. The effective date of the termination was February 7, 2016. On April 15,
2016 the Company reached an agreement to settle any and all outstanding employment compensation claims between Mr. Tozer and the
Company. Under the settlement agreement and the accompanying court order, Mr. Tozer received $182,500 as an allowed general unsecured
claim in connection with the Company s bankruptcy proceedings. In addition, it was acknowledged that Mr. Tozer s 890,200
vested options to purchase Old Common Stock outstanding as of April 15, 2016 would be cancelled and discharged under the terms
of the Plan of Reorganization. 

The following table sets forth the outstanding
equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2015. In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, all
such awards were cancelled as of May 5, 2016. 

51   

Outstanding Equity Awards at December
31, 2015*  

* All options reflected in this table were cancelled
as of the Effective Date pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. 

(2)  Under the terms of these options,
                                         they would vest fully when and if the closing price of the Old Common Stock equaled or
                                         exceeded $0.50 for five consecutive trading days and Mr. Jorden held his office for at
                                         least 90 consecutive days. Mr. Jorden fulfilled the requirement of holding his position
                                         for at least 90 consecutive days following the grant of the award.   

The Company does not provide
any pension plans/benefits or nonqualified deferred compensation. 

52   

Director Compensation in 2015  

The following table sets forth, for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, the cash and non-cash compensation of our directors during that year. In the paragraphs following
the table and in the footnotes, we describe our standard compensation arrangement for service on the Board of Directors and its
committees.    

(2)  For service during 2015, each non-employee
                                         director was entitled to and received options to purchase 45,000 shares of Old Common
                                         Stock. The dollar amount represents the grant date fair value of the stock option awards
                                         granted during the fiscal year indicated, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
                                         718. The fair value was estimated using the assumptions detailed in Note 1 to the Company s
                                         consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. At December 31, 2015,
                                         the following number of stock options remained unexercised by non-employee directors
                                         as follows: Del Guercio   135,000, Hohnke   535,000,
                                         Keith   285,000, McLoughlin   350,000 and Winzer   285,000.
                                         In accordance with the terms of our Plan of Reorganization, all such options were cancelled
                                         as of May 5, 2016. On July 1, 2016, at the recommendation of the Compensation Committee,
                                         the Board awarded to its non-employee members options to purchase 40,000 shares of New
                                         Common Stock each, subject to approval of the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan
                                         by the Company s shareholders, as described in   Item 12. Security Ownership
                                         of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   2016
                                         Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan.     

(3)  Mr. Jorden has served on the Board
                                         of Directors since October 2008 and was Executive Chairman from February 2012 until May
                                         2015. Beginning in May 2015, Mr. Jorden served as Acting Chief Financial Officer of the
                                         Company for the remainder of the fiscal year. The amount in the  All Other Compensation 
                                         column in the   Summary Compensation Table   represents his cash compensation
                                         in 2015 for his services as Executive Chairman for the period from January 1, 2015 until
                                         he began serving as Acting Chief Financial Officer. That amount is not reflected in this
                                         table. Mr. Jorden did not receive any additional compensation for his Board service during
                                         the fiscal year. Please refer to footnote (3) to the   Summary Compensation Table  
                                         for additional information.   

Based on feedback from the Board of Directors
and guidelines provided by Pay Governance, an outside compensation consultant, in May 2014, the Compensation Committee proposed
and the Board of Directors approved the following compensation of outside directors, which was effective during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2015: 

2.  Annual grant of options to purchase
                                         45,000 shares of Old Common Stock (elimination of annual grant of 10,000 options for
                                         Committee chairs);   

4.  No  per meeting  fees
                                         paid for Board or Committee meetings but $1,500 per official Board meeting exceeding
                                         10 per year. The additional $1,500 fee for official Board meetings exceeding 10 per year
                                         was waived for 2015 by the Board of Directors.   

On July 1, 2016, the Board of Directors
adopted the following director compensation recommended by the Compensation Committee: 

1.  Annual
                                         retainer of $40,000 payable in cash to all non-employee directors;    

2.  Annual fee of $15,000 payable
                                         in cash to each of the Board Chair and Audit Committee Chair, and annual fee of $10,000
                                         payable in cash to each of the Compensation Committee Chair and the Governance/Nominating
                                         Committee Chair; and   

53   

In addition, as described under   Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   2016 Omnibus Incentive
Compensation Plan,   on July 1, 2016, at the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, the Board awarded to its non-employee
members options to purchase 40,000 shares of New Common Stock each with 15,000 shares vesting immediately and the 25,000 share
balance vesting on January 1, 2017, subject to approval of the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan by the Company s
shareholders. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Incentive
Plans  

We believe that the making of awards under
equity compensation plans promotes the success and enhances our value by providing the awardee with an incentive for outstanding
performance. Our equity compensation plans are further intended to provide flexibility to us in our ability to motivate, attract,
and retain the services of personnel upon whose judgment, interest, and special effort the successful conduct of our operation
is largely dependent. 

2002 Long Term Incentive Plan   

As of December 31, 2015, our 2002 Long
Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ) was authorized for issuance of up to 10,500,000 shares of Old Common Stock. The LTIP
permitted awards of stock options, SARs, restricted stock, phantom stock, performance units, dividend equivalents or other stock-based
awards to our employees, officers, consultants, independent contractors, advisors, and directors. As of July 2013, incentive stock
options may no longer be granted under the LTIP. 

2013 Equity Incentive Plan   

As of December 31, 2015, our 2013 Equity
Incentive Plan ( EIP ) was authorized for issuance of up to 18,000,000 shares of Old Common Stock. At the special meeting
of stockholders held on June 9, 2014, the Company s stockholders approved a proposed amendment to the EIP to increase the
number of shares of Old Common Stock authorized to be issued under the Plan from 3.0 million shares to 18.0 million shares. The
EIP permitted awards of stock options, SARs, restricted stock, phantom stock, performance units, dividend equivalents or other
stock-based awards to our employees, officers, consultants, independent contractors, advisors, and directors. 

The following table sets forth information
on our LTIP and our EIP as of December 31, 2015. All options granted under such
plans and outstanding immediately prior to our emergence from bankruptcy were cancelled as of May 5, 2016 in accordance with our
Plan of Reorganization. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information
as of December 31, 2015  

(1)  These amounts represent the aggregate
                                         of individual compensation arrangements with external service providers.   

As of December 31, 2015, 531,802 shares of Old Common Stock
had been issued upon exercise of options granted pursuant to the LTIP and no shares of Old Common Stock had been issued upon exercise
of options granted pursuant to the EIP. 

2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan   

At the recommendation of the Compensation
Committee, on July 1, 2016, the Board of Directors approved the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended
as described below, the  Omnibus Plan ), subject to adoption by the Company s stockholders.  Subject to
adoption by the stockholders, the Omnibus Plan permits the following types of awards to grantees: 

stock
                                         options (including non-qualified options and incentive stock options);   

stock
                                         appreciation rights;   

restricted
                                         stock;   

54   

performance
                                         units;   

performance
                                         shares;   

deferred
                                         stock;   

restricted
                                         stock units;   

dividend
                                         equivalents;   

bonus
                                         shares;   

cash
                                         incentive awards; and   

other
                                         stock-based awards.   

Awards may be granted to any employee
or potential employee (including any officer or potential officer), consultant or director of the Company or an affiliate of the
Company. Incentive stock options may only be granted to an employee (including an officer) of the Company or a subsidiary of the
Company.  The maximum number of shares of New Common Stock that can be issued under the Plan is initially 1,500,000 shares. 
On August 4, 2016, the Board amended the Omnibus Plan to include an evergreen provision, intended to increase the maximum number
of shares issuable under the Omnibus Plan on the first day of each fiscal year (starting on January 1, 2017) by an amount equal
to six percent (6%) of the shares reserved as of the last day of the preceding fiscal year, provided that the aggregate number
of all such increases may not exceed 1,000,000 shares. 

On July 1, 2016, the Board approved the
award of options to purchase 350,000 shares of the New Common Stock to Mr. Jorden under the Omnibus Plan, with such award subject
to the adoption of the Omnibus Plan by the Company s stockholders.   Mr. Jorden s option award consists
of options to purchase 162,500 shares subject only to time vesting (with options to purchase 62,500 shares having vested immediately
and options to purchase 50,000 shares each vesting on March 31 and December 31, 2017, respectively) and options to purchase 187,500
shares vesting according to certain performance milestones. 

On July 1, 2016, the Board furthermore
approved an award of options to purchase 175,000 shares of New Common Stock to Mr. Clausen under the Omnibus Plan, with such award
subject to the adoption of the Omnibus Plan by the Company s stockholders. Mr. Clausen s option award consists of
options to purchase 80,000 shares subject only to time vesting (with options to purchase 40,000 shares vesting 90 days after the
grant date, and options to purchase 40,000 shares vesting on December 31, 2017) and options to purchase 95,000 shares vesting
according to certain performance milestones. 

On July 1, 2016, at the recommendation
of the Compensation Committee, the Board furthermore approved the award of options to purchase an aggregate of 160,000 shares
of New Common Stock to the Company s four non-employee directors, in each case subject to adoption of the Omnibus Plan by
the Company s stockholders and subject to vesting conditions. The options granted to the non-employee directors vested immediately
with respect to 15,000 shares and will vest on January 1, 2017 with respect to the additional 25,000 shares.  

On July 1 and August 4, 2016, the Board
approved option awards to purchase an aggregate of 677,500 shares of New Common Stock to non-executive employees of the Company,
subject to adoption of the Omnibus Plan by the stockholders. 

All options granted on July 1 and August
4, 2016 were granted at an exercise price of $1.00 per share of New Common Stock. 

55   

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners  

The following table sets forth information
regarding the ownership of our New Common Stock as of September 30, 2016 by all those known by the Company to be beneficial owners
of more than five percent of its New Common Stock. This table is prepared in reliance upon beneficial ownership statements filed
by such shareholders with the SEC under Section 13(d) or 13(g) of the Exchange Act and/or the best information available to the
Company. 

(1)  Percentage ownership is based upon
                                         9,927,112 shares of New Common Stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016.
                                         For purposes of determining the amount of securities beneficially owned, share amounts
                                         include all New Common Stock owned outright plus all shares of New Common Stock issuable
                                         upon the exercise of options or warrants exercisable as of the date above, or exercisable
                                         within 60 days after such date. We believe that, except as otherwise noted below, each
                                         named beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares
                                         listed.   

(2)  Charles E. Sheedy s beneficial
                                         ownership includes 3,066,312 shares of New Common Stock held by Charles E. Sheedy and
                                         3,365 shares of New Common Stock held in five separate trusts for the benefit of Mr.
                                         Sheedy s children. It also includes 2,900,000 shares of New Common Stock issuable
                                         upon exercise of warrants, which are exercisable beginning on November 5, 2016 at an
                                         exercise price of $0.50 per share. The beneficial ownership amount does not include the
                                         Backstop Commitment described in   Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
                                         Transactions, and Director Independence   Related Transactions   Recapitalization  
                                         below, which description is incorporated herein by reference. Mailing address for Mr.
                                         Sheedy is: Two Houston Center, Suite 2907, 909 Fannin Street Houston, TX 77010.   

(3)  Boyalife Investment Fund I, Inc. s
                                         beneficial ownership includes 1,750,000 shares of New Common Stock issuable upon exercise
                                         of warrants, which are exercisable beginning on November 5, 2016 at an exercise price
                                         of $0.65 per share. The beneficial ownership amount does not include the Backstop Commitment
                                         described in   Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
                                         Independence   Related Transactions   Recapitalization   below,
                                         which description is incorporated herein by reference. Mailing address for Boyalife Investment
                                         Fund I, Inc. is: c/o Boyalife Group Co. Ltd (China), 800 Jiefang East Road, 14 th
                                          Floor, Wuxi, China, 214002.   

Security Ownership of Management   

The following table sets forth information
regarding the ownership of our New Common Stock as of September 30, 2016: (i) each director; (ii) each of the named executive
officers; and (iii) all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group. This table is prepared in reliance upon beneficial
ownership statements filed by such shareholders with the SEC under Section 13(d) or 13(g) of the Exchange Act and/or the best
information available to the Company. 

(1)  
      Percentage ownership is based upon 9,927,112
    shares of New Common Stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2016. For purposes of determining the amount of securities
    beneficially owned, share amounts include all New Common Stock owned outright plus all shares of New Common Stock issuable
    upon the exercise of options or warrants exercisable as of the date above, or exercisable within 60 days after such date.
    We believe that, except as otherwise noted below, each named beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power with respect
    to the shares listed. Unless otherwise indicated, the mailing address of all persons named in this table is: c/o Nuo Therapeutics,
    Inc., 207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1, Gaithersburg, MD 20877.   

56   

(2)  
       Chairman of the Board of the Company.
    Includes 305,160 shares of the Company s New Common Stock owned directly by CNF Investments II, LLC ( CNF ).
    The individual managing members (collectively, the  CNF Member Managers ) of CNF are Joseph Del Guercio and Robert
    J. Flanagan. CNF and CNF Member Managers may share voting and dispositive power over the shares directly held by CNF. Mr. Del
    Guercio is Managing Director of CNF. He disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities.  In addition, includes
    15,000 shares Mr. Del Guercio may acquire upon the exercise of stock options granted under the Omnibus Plan (representing
    the portion of options to purchase a total of 40,000 shares that is exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days),
    subject to approval of such plan by the Company s stockholders.   Mailing address for CNF is: 7500 Old Georgetown
    Road, 15 th  Floor, Bethesda, MD 20814.     

(3)  
      Independent director of the Company.  Includes
    shares of New Common Stock held in an IRA for the benefit of Mr. Pittman.  Includes 1,130,000 shares of New Common
    Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants (held directly and in an IRA for the benefit of Mr. Pittman), which are exercisable
    beginning on November 5, 2016 at exercise prices of $0.75 per share (with respect to 850,000 shares) and $1.00 per share (with
    respect to 280,000 shares).  Also includes 15,000 shares Mr. Pittman may acquire upon the exercise of stock options
    granted under the Omnibus Plan (representing the portion of options to purchase a total of 40,000 shares that is exercisable
    or will become exercisable within 60 days), subject to approval of such plan by the Company s stockholders.   The
    beneficial ownership amount does not include the Backstop Commitment described in   Item 13. Certain Relationships
    and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   Related Transactions   Recapitalization   below,
    which description is incorporated herein by reference.    

(4)  
      Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer
    of the Company. Includes 62,500 shares Mr. Jorden may acquire upon the exercise of stock options granted under the Omnibus
    Plan.  These 62,500 shares represent the portion of options to purchase a total of 162,500 shares that is exercisable
    or will become exercisable within 60 days.  In addition to such options to purchase 162,500 shares, which are solely
    subject to time vesting, Mr. Jorden received an option to purchase 187,500 shares subject to performance conditions, which
    is not reflected in the above table.  Each of the above grants is subject to approval of the Omnibus Plan by the
    Company s stockholders.  The beneficial ownership amount does not include the Backstop Commitment described
    in   Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   Related Transactions
      Recapitalization   below, which description is incorporated herein by reference.   

(5)  
      Chief Scientific Officer of the Company. Includes
    40,000 shares Mr. Clausen may acquire upon the exercise of stock options granted under the Omnibus Plan.  These
    40,000 shares represent the portion of options to purchase a total of 80,000 shares that is exercisable or will become exercisable
    within 60 days.  In addition to such options to purchase 80,000 shares, which are solely subject to time vesting,
    Mr. Clausen received an option to purchase 95,000 shares subject to performance conditions, which is not reflected in the
    above table.  Each of the above grants is subject to approval of the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan by
    the Company s stockholders.   

(6)  
      Independent director of the Company. Includes
    15,000 shares Mr. Winzer may acquire upon the exercise of stock options granted under the Omnibus Plan (representing
    the portion of options to purchase a total of 40,000 shares that is exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days),
    subject to approval of such plan by the Company s stockholders.    

(7)  
      Independent director of the Company. Represents
    15,000 shares Mr. Atinsky may acquire upon the exercise of stock options granted under the Omnibus Plan (representing
    the portion of options to purchase a total of 40,000 shares that is exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days),
    subject to approval of such plan by the Company s stockholders.    

(8)  
      Includes options to purchase an aggregate of
    162,500 shares of New Common Stock, granted under the Omnibus Plan that are exercisable or will become exercisable within
    60 days and representing that portion of options to purchase a total of 402,500 shares which are subject only to time vesting.
     Each of the grants is subject to approval of the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan by the Company s stockholders.     

There are no arrangements, known to the
Company, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may, at a subsequent date, result
in a change of control of the Company. 

57   

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence  

Related Transactions  

Except as set forth below, since January 1, 2013, we were not
involved in any related party transactions required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 

February 2013 Offering   

In February 2013, the Company raised gross
proceeds of $5,000,000, before placement agent s fees and other offering expenses, in a registered public offering. Proceeds
from the transaction were to be used for general corporate and working capital purposes. The securities purchase agreements in
connection with this offering provided for certain  piggy-back  registrations rights with respect to the Company s
securities (including shares to be issued upon warrant exercises) purchased in the offering by investors that are affiliates of
the Company, such that the Company agreed, to the extent such affiliate investors are not able to resell such securities without
restriction, to include such securities in its future registration statements, subject to applicable limitations. Also, to the
extent that such securities were not registered at the time the Company was required to file a registration statement in connection
with the final milestone event relating to the February 2012 Aldagen acquisition, the affiliate investors would have the right
to include such securities in such registration statement. 

Amendments to Aldagen Exchange and Purchase Agreement   

In February 2013, the Company and Aldagen
Holdings, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company in which an entity affiliated with our director Joseph Del Guercio has
an interest ( Aldagen Holdings ), executed an amendment to the February 8, 2012 Exchange and Purchase Agreement (the
 Exchange Amendment ). The disinterested members of the Board reviewed and approved the terms and provisions of the
amendment. The purpose of the amendment was to modify the terms of the post-closing consideration. 

On November 11, 2014, the Company and
Aldagen Holdings executed another amendment (the  Second Amendment ) to the Exchange Agreement. All disinterested
members of the Board reviewed and approved the terms and provisions of the Second Amendment. Pursuant to the terms of the Second
Amendment, the terms of the post-closing consideration originally contemplated under the Exchange Agreement and structured around
the achievement of certain milestone events relating to the Company s ALD-401 Phase 2 clinical trials were amended such
that, in full satisfaction of all the post-closing issuance obligations of the Company to Aldagen Holdings, the Company agreed
to a one-time issuance of 1,270,000 shares of Nuo Therapeutics Old Common Stock (the  Post-Closing Amended Shares ),
out of the 20,309,723 shares of its Old Common Stock held in reserve, which were contingently issuable upon the achievement of
certain milestones related to the current ALD-401 Phase 2 clinical trial. In addition, the parties to the Second Amendment agreed
to terminate the originally contemplated registration requirements with respect to any post-closing share issuance. The Second
Amendment provided Aldagen Holdings with  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to the Post-Closing Amended
Shares for the duration of twelve months following the date of the Second Amendment such that the Company would use its reasonable
best efforts to include the Post-Closing Amended Shares in its registration statements to register the resale of such shares by
Aldagen Holdings. 

Guarantee of Payment Obligations under JP Trust Note   

In February 2013, the Company and its
wholly-owned subsidiary, Cytomedix Acquisition Company, LLC, on the one hand, and the holder of the April 28, 2011 $2.1 million
secured promissory note (the  JP Trust Note ), JP s Nevada Trust, on the other hand, agreed, in consideration
for subordination of its security interest under the JP Trust Note to that of MidCap Bank pursuant to the terms of the subordination
agreement, to amend the terms of the outstanding JP Trust Note to extend the maturity date of such note to November 19, 2016,
among other things. The Company s payment obligations with respect to $1.4 million under the JP Trust Note were guaranteed
by certain insiders, affiliates, and shareholders of the Company, including David E. Jorden, then Chairman of the Board of the
Company (the  Guarantors ). In light of certain changes to JP s Nevada Trust s warrant vesting schedule
and issuance of new warrants to JP s Nevada Trust, the disinterested members of the Board also: (i) reviewed and approved
amendments to the warrant vesting schedule on the Guarantors  warrants (including those held by Mr. Jorden) issued
by the Company in April 2011 such that the remaining 500,000 warrant shares were exercisable immediately and (ii) granted the
right to the Guarantors to acquire up to 533,334 shares of the Old Common Stock pursuant to warrants at the exercise price of
$0.70 per share, vesting as follows: (i) 266,667 warrant shares may be exercised only if the JP Trust Note has not been prepaid
by the fourth anniversary of its issuance, and (ii) the remaining 266,667 shares may be exercised only if the JP Trust Note has
not been paid by the fifth anniversary of its issuance (including 107,143 of the previously issued warrants held by Mr. Jorden,
which as a result vested immediately, and (i) 57,143 of his warrant shares may be exercised only if the JP Trust Note has not
been paid by the fourth anniversary of its issuance, and (ii) the remaining 57,143 shares may be exercised only if the JP Trust
Note has not been paid by the fifth anniversary of its issuance). 

Transactions with Deerfield Lenders   

On the Effective Date under our Plan of
Reorganization, Lawrence Atinsky was appointed to our Board of Directors by the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock issued
on the Effective Date, i.e., Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., Deerfield Private Design International II, L.P., and Deerfield
Special Situations Fund, L.P., and certain of their affiliates (collectively, the  Deerfield Lenders ). 

58   

In 2014, we entered into the Deerfield
Facility Agreement, a $35 million five-year senior secured convertible credit facility with the Deerfield Lenders.    
At December 31, 2015 and January 26, 2016, we had total debt outstanding under the Deerfield Facility Agreement of $38.1 million,
and $38.3 million, respectively, including accrued interest of $3.1 million and $3.3 million, respectively. Pursuant to the terms
of the original Deerfield Facility Agreement, we were required to maintain a compensating cash balance of $5.0 million in deposit
accounts subject to control agreements in favor of the lenders and we were required to pay the Deerfield Lenders accrued interest
of approximately $2.6 million on October 1, 2015. We were unable to meet these requirements and on both December 4 and 18, 2015,
we entered into consent letters with the Deerfield Lenders to modify the Deerfield Facility Agreement and waive the compliance
violations for a limited period. Under the terms of the December 18, 2015 consent letter, (i) solely during the period between
December 18, 2015 and January 7, 2016, the amount of cash that was required to be maintained in a deposit account subject to control
agreements in favor of the Company s senior lenders was reduced from $5,000,000 to $500,000 and (ii) the date for payment
of the accrued interest amount originally payable on October 1, 2015 was extended to January 7, 2016. The continued effectiveness
of the consent letter was conditioned upon the Company s continued engagement of a representative of Winter Harbor LLC as
chief restructuring officer and providing Deerfield with all relevant business contracts, agreements, and vendor relationships
for the Aurix and Angel product lines by December 28, 2015; the Company s failure to do either would result in an immediate
default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement. The consent letter contained various customary representations and warranties. 

The Deerfield Facility Agreement was structured
as a purchase of senior secured convertible notes (the  Notes ), which bore interest at a rate of 5.75% per annum,
payable quarterly in arrears in cash or, at our election, registered shares of Old Common Stock; provided, that during the five
quarters ending September 30, 2015, we had the option of having all or any portion of accrued interest added to the outstanding
principal balance.  The Deerfield Lenders had the right to convert the principal amount of the Notes into shares of our Old
Common Stock ( Conversion Shares ) at a per share price equal to $0.52. In addition, we granted to the Deerfield Lenders
the option to require the Company to redeem up to 33.33% of the total amount drawn under the facility, together with any accrued
and unpaid interest thereon, on each of the second, third, and fourth anniversaries of the closing with the option right triggered
upon the Company s net revenues failing to be equal to or in excess of certain quarterly milestone amounts. We also granted
the Deerfield Lenders the option to require us to apply 35% of the proceeds received by us in equity-raising transaction(s) to
redeem outstanding principal and interest of the Notes, provided that the first $10 million so raised by us would be exempt from
this put option. 

Under the terms of the facility, we also
issued warrants to purchase up to 97,614,999 shares of our Old Common Stock at an initial exercise price of $0.52 per share (subject
to adjustments). 

We entered into a security agreement which
provided, among other things, that our obligations under the Notes would be secured by a first priority security interest, subject
to customary permitted liens, on all our assets. We also entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which we filed
a registration statement to register the resale of securities issued in the Recapitalization Financing. 

In connection with our Chapter 11 Case,
on January 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Company's interim DIP Financing pursuant to terms set
forth in the DIP Credit Agreement, by and among the Company, as borrower, the Deerfield Lenders and the DIP Agent. 

On March 9, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
approved on a final basis the Company's motion for approval of the final DIP Credit Agreement and use of cash collateral, and
approved a Waiver and First Amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement (the  Waiver and First Amendment ) with the Deerfield
Lenders and DIP Agent, pursuant to which the DIP Credit Agreement was approved to include certain amendments, including to set
forth the material terms of the proposed restructuring of the prepetition and post-petition secured debt, unsecured debt and equity
interests of the Company, the terms of which were eventually effected pursuant to our Plan of Reorganization. The Waiver and First
Amendment provided for senior secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6,000,000 in post-petition financing. 

The Company was required to pay the DIP
lenders a closing fee equal to 1.5% of the aggregate committed loan amount. The outstanding principal amount under the DIP Credit
Agreement would bear interest from the date of each loan's disbursement at twelve percent (12%) (calculated on the basis of the
actual number of days elapsed). Upon an event of default, all obligations under the DIP Credit Agreement would bear interest at
a rate equal to then current interest rate applicable thereto plus ten percent (10%). 

On the Effective Date, the obligations
of the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and under the DIP Credit Agreement were cancelled in accordance with the
Plan of Reorganization and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. 

On the Effective Date under our Plan of
Reorganization, the Company issued 29,038 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Deerfield Lenders in accordance with the Plan
of Reorganization. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation
preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made
with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred
Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction. For so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and elect one member of the Board of Directors and to have such director
serve on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of
decisions or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment. Lawrence Atinsky serves as the designee of the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a single class, representing approximately
one percent (1%) of the voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the
right to approve certain transactions. For so long as the Backstop Commitment remains in effect, a majority of the members of
the standing backstop committee of the Board of Directors may approve a drawdown under the Backstop Commitment. Among other restrictions,
the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Preferred Stock limits the Company s ability to (i) issue securities that
are senior or  pari passu  with the Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) incur debt (other than for working capital purposes not
in excess of $3.0 million), (iii) issue securities that are junior to the Series A Preferred Stock and that provide certain consent
rights to the holders of such junior securities in connection with a liquidation or contain certain liquidation preferences, (iv)
pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock, and (v) change the authorized number of members of its Board of Directors
to a number other than five, in each case without the consent of holders representing at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares
Series A Preferred Stock. 

59   

Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization,
on the Effective Date, the Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ),
the designee of the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the
Arthrex Agreement, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed
under the Arthrex Agreement, as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. The assignment and transfer was effected
in exchange for a reduction of $15,000,000 in the amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield Lenders pursuant to the Plan of
Reorganization. Pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, on the Effective Date, the Company and the Assignee entered into a Transition
Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to continue to service the Arthrex Agreement for a transition period in exchange
for a fee of $10,000 per month. 

On October 20, 2016, the Company entered into the Three Party Letter
Agreement with Arthrex and the Assignee, which extends the transition period under the Transition Services Agreement through January
15, 2017. Under the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement, subject to Arthrex making a payment of $201,200 to the Company on
October 28, 2016, (a) the Company has sold, conveyed, transferred and assigned to Arthrex its title and interest in the Company s
inventory of Angel products (including spare parts therefor) and production equipment, and (b) the Assignee is obligated to make
three equal payments of $33,333.33 each to the Company as consideration for the extension of the transition period. Under the terms
of the Three Party Letter Agreement, the Company will have no further obligations under the Transition Services Agreement or the
Amended Arthrex Agreement after January 15, 2017. The agreement contains a full and irrevocable release of Arthrex by the Company
with respect to any actions, claims or other liabilities for payments of Royalty (as defined in the Amended Arthrex Agreement)
owed to the Company based on sales of Angel products occurring on or before June 30, 2016, and a full and irrevocable release of
the Company and the Assignee by Arthrex with respect to any actions, claims or other liabilities arising under the Amended Arthrex
Agreement as of the date of the Three Party Letter Agreement. Neither Arthrex nor the Assignee assumed any liabilities or obligations
of the Company in connection with the Three Party Letter Agreement. 

Transactions with Boyalife   

Effective as of May 5, 2016, the Company
and Boyalife Hong Kong Ltd. ( Boyalife ), an entity affiliated with the Company s significant shareholder, Boyalife
Investment Fund I, Inc., entered into an Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement (the  Boyalife Distribution Agreement )
with an initial term of five years, unless the agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms. Under this agreement,
Boyalife received a non-transferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use certain of the Company s
intellectual property relating to its Aurix System for the purposes and in the territory specified below. Under the agreement,
Boyalife is entitled to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute the Aurix Products in greater China
(China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau) for all regenerative medicine applications, including but not limited to wound care and topical
dermatology applications in human and veterinary medicine.  Aurix Products  are defined as the combination of devices
to produce a wound dressing from the patient s blood - as of May 5, 2016 consisting of centrifuge, wound dressing kit and
reagent kit. Under the Boyalife Distribution Agreement, Boyalife is obligated to pay the Company (a) $500,000 within 90 days of
approval of the Aurix Products by the China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ), but no earlier than December 31,
2018, and (b) a distribution fee per wound dressing kit and reagent kit of $40, payable quarterly, subject to an agreement by
the parties to discuss in good faith the appropriate distribution fee if the pricing of such kits exceeds the current general
pricing in greater China. Under the agreement, Boyalife is entitled, with the Company s approval (not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) to procure devices from a third party in order to assemble them with devices supplied by the Company to make
the Aurix Products. Boyalife also has a right of first refusal with respect to the Aurix Products in specified countries in the
Asia Pacific region excluding Japan and India, exercisable in exchange for a payment of no greater than $250,000 in the aggregate.
If Boyalife files a new patent application for a new invention relating to wound dressings, the Aurix Products or the Company s
technology, Boyalife will grant the Company a free, non-exclusive license to use such patent application outside greater China
during the term of the Boyalife Distribution Agreement. 

Recapitalization  

In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization,
as of the Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares (the  Recapitalization Shares ) of new common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (the  New Common Stock ) to certain accredited investors (the  Recapitalization
Investors ) for gross cash proceeds of $7,300,000 and net cash to the Company of $7,052,500 (the  Recapitalization
Financing ).  200,000 of the 7,500,000 shares of New Common Stock were issued in partial payment of an advisory fee. 
The net cash amount excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering expenses paid from the proceeds of the DIP Financing, which was
converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date. 

As part of the Recapitalization Financing,
the Company also issued warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Recapitalization Investors
(the  Warrants ). The Warrants terminate on May 5, 2021 and are exercisable at any time on or after November 5, 2016
at exercise prices ranging from $0.50 per share to $1.00 per share. The number of shares of New Common Stock underlying a Warrant
and its exercise price are subject to customary adjustments upon subdivisions, combinations, payment of stock dividends, reclassifications,
reorganizations and consolidations. 

As of the Effective Date, the Company
entered into the Registration Rights Agreement with the Recapitalization Investors. The Registration Rights Agreement provides
certain resale registration rights to the investors with respect to the securities obtained in the Recapitalization Financing.
Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to prepare and file with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission a  shelf  registration statement covering the resale of the shares issued to the
Recapitalization Investors on the Effective Date. 

A significant majority of the
Recapitalization Investors executed backstop commitments to purchase up to 12,800,000 additional shares of New Common Stock
for an aggregate purchase price of up to $3,000,000 at an average per share purchase price of $0.2344 (collectively, the
 Backstop Commitment ). With respect to each Recapitalization Investor who executed a Backstop Commitment, the
commitment terminates on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company receives net proceeds (after deducting all costs,
expenses and commissions) from the sale of New Common Stock in the aggregate amount of the Backstop Commitment, (ii) the date
that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) have been redeemed by the Company or (iii) the date that all
shares of Series A Preferred Stock are no longer owned by entities affiliated with the Deerfield Lenders (the
 Termination Date ). Under the terms of the Backstop Commitment, the Company is obligated to pay to the committed
Recapitalization Investors upon the Termination Date a commitment fee of $250,000 in the aggregate. 

60   

The Recapitalization Investors included,
among other investors: 

Issuance of New Common Stock in Exchange for Administrative
Claims  

As of June 20, 2016, the Company issued
162,500 shares of New Common Stock (the  Administrative Claim Shares ) pursuant to the Order Granting Application
of the Ad Hoc Equity Committee Pursuant to 11 U.S.C.    503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) for Allowance of Fees and Expenses
Incurred in Making a Substantial Contribution, entered by the Bankruptcy Court on June 20, 2016. The Administrative Claim Shares
were issued to holders of administrative claims under sections 503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code. Of the Administrative
Claim shares, $10,000 were issued to Mr. Pittman and $10,000 shares were issued to Mr. Sheedy as designees of the Ad Hoc Equity Committee who had granted loans in an aggregate amount of $10,000 each to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee in December 2015 as repayment of such loans. 

Review and Approval Policies and Procedures for Related
Party Transactions  

Pursuant to written Board policies, our
executive officers and directors, and principal stockholders, including their immediate family members and affiliates, are not
permitted to enter into a related party transaction without the prior consent of the Board. Any request for such related party
transaction with an executive officer, director, principal stockholder, or any of such persons  immediate family members
or affiliates, in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000 must first be presented to the Audit Committee and the Board for
review, consideration and approval. All of our directors, executive officers and employees are required to report to the Board
any such related party transaction. In approving or rejecting the proposed agreement, the Board will consider the relevant facts
and circumstances available and deemed relevant to the Board which will approve only those agreements that, in light of known
circumstances, are in, or are not inconsistent with, our best interests, as the Board determines in the good faith exercise of
its discretion. 

Director Independence  

For disclosure on the independence of
our directors, please refer to   Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   Director and
Board Nominee Independence,   which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  

The following table presents fees for professional services
rendered by CohnReznick LLP and Stegman   Company for the fiscal year 2015 and 2014, respectively: 

(1)  
     Audit fees represent fees accrued for annual professional services provided
    in connection with the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, reviews of its quarterly financial statements,
    and audit services provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings for those years.  

61   

(2)  
      Audit-related fees represent fees
        billed primarily for assurance and related services not reported under Audit fees. 

(3)  
     Tax fees principally represent fees accrued for tax preparation, tax advice
    and tax planning services performed.  

(4)  
     Represents services provided by Stegman   Company.  The audit
    for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and reviews of 2015 quarterly financial statements were performed by Stegman  
    Company, now known as Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP.  In addition, Stegman   Company provided services reported under
    audit-related fees for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and services reported under tax fees for both fiscal years
    ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.  

(5)  
      Represents services provided by CohnReznick
    LLC.  The audit for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 was performed by CohnReznick LLP.  No other
    services were provided in connection with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 by CohnReznick LLP.   

Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee
must pre-approve audit services and permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for the
Company by its independent auditor. In 2015 and 2014, all such services were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures  

The Audit Committee has the sole authority
to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by independent accountants. The Audit Committee has adopted policies
and procedures for the pre-approval of services provided by the independent accountants. The Audit Committee, on an annual basis,
reviews audit and non-audit services performed by the independent accountants. All audit and non-audit services are pre-approved
by the Audit Committee, which considers, among other things, the possible effect of the performance of such services on the accountants 
independence. All requests for services to be provided by the independent accountants, which must include a description of the
services to be rendered and the amount of corresponding fees, are submitted to the Chief Financial Officer. The CFO has the authority
to authorize services that fall within the category of services that the Audit Committee has pre-approved. If there is any question
as to whether a request for services falls within the category of services that the Audit Committee has pre-approved, the CFO
will consult with the chairman of the Audit Committee. The CFO submits requests or applications to provide services that the Audit
Committee has not pre-approved, which must include an affirmation by the CFO and the independent accountants, that the request
or application is consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor independence, to the Audit Committee (or its chairman or any
of its other members pursuant to delegated authority) for approval. 

As permitted under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. Any service pre-approved by
a delegate must be reported to the Audit Committee at the next scheduled quarterly meeting. The Audit Committee considered whether
the provision of the auditors  services, other than for the annual audit and quarterly reviews, is compatible with its independence
and concluded that it is compatible. 

PART IV  

ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

(a)  
      The following financial statements of Nuo Therapeutics
    are included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:    

Page    
 
       Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms   
       
      F-2   
 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets   
       
      F-4   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations   
       
      F-5   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)   
       
      F-6   
 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
       
      F-7   
 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      F-8   

(b)  
      For a list of exhibits filed or furnished with
    this Annual Report on Form 10-K, see Exhibit Index.   

(c)  
      Not applicable.   

62   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms    
      F-2   

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      F-4   

Consolidated Statements of Operations   
      F-5   

Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)   
      F-6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      F-7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      F-8   

F- 1  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) as of December 31, 2015, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, redeemable common stock and stockholders  equity, and cash flows for
the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. as of
December 31, 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ CohnReznick LLP  

Tysons, Virginia 

 October 21, 2016 

F- 2  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) as of December 31, 2014, and the consolidated statements of
operations, redeemable common stock and stockholders  equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. as of
December 31, 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Stegman   Co.  

Baltimore, Maryland 

 March 31, 2015 

F- 3  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

F- 4  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

F- 5  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE
COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

F- 6  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

F- 7  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1   Business and Presentation  

Description of Business   

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. ( Nuo Therapeutics, 
the  Company,   we,   us,  or  our ) is a biomedical company marketing products
primarily within the U.S. We commercialize innovative cell-based technologies that harness the regenerative capacity of the human
body to trigger natural healing. The use of autologous (from self) biological therapies for tissue repair and regeneration is
part of a transformative clinical strategy designed to improve long term recovery in complex chronic conditions with significant
unmet medical needs. Growth drivers in the U.S. include the treatment of chronic wounds with Aurix in the Veterans Affairs healthcare
system and other federal accounts settings and the Medicare population under a National Coverage Determination when registry data
is collected under CMS  Coverage with Evidence Development (CED) program. 

As of December 31, 2015, our commercial
offerings consisted of point of care technologies for the safe and efficient separation of autologous blood and bone marrow to
produce platelet based therapies or cell concentrates. As of December 31, 2015, we had two distinct platelet rich plasma ( PRP )
devices, the Aurix System for wound care and the Angel  concentrated Platelet Rich Plasma ( cPRP ) System for
orthopedics markets. During the year ended 2015, approximately 85% of our product sales were generated in the United States where
we sold our products through direct sales representatives and distributors. In 2014 and 2015, Arthrex, Inc. ( Arthrex )
was our exclusive distributor for Angel. See Note 17    Subsequent Events  for additional details, including the assignment
of our rights with respect to the Angel cPRP System. 

Our operations are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties including, among others, current and potential competitors with greater resources, dependence on significant
customers, lack of operating history and uncertainty of future profitability and possible fluctuations in financial results. Since
our inception, we have financed our operations by raising debt, issuing equity and equity-linked instruments, executing licensing
arrangements, and to a lesser extent by generating royalties and product revenues. We have incurred, and continue to incur, recurring
losses and negative cash flows. At December 31, 2015 we had cash and cash equivalents on hand of approximately $0.9 million and
total debt outstanding of $38.1 million, including accrued interest. 

On January 26, 2016, we filed a voluntary
petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking relief
under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is being administered under
the caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW). On April 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered
an Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization, which confirmed
our Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (as confirmed, the  Plan 
or  Plan of Reorganization ). The Plan became effective on May 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ). Pursuant
to the Plan, as of the Effective Date (i) all equity interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares of the
Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (including its redeemable common stock)(the  Old Common Stock ),
warrants and options, that were issuable or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were cancelled. See
Note 17    Subsequent Events  for additional details. 

Under our credit facility (the  Deerfield
Facility Agreement ) with affiliates of Deerfield Management Company, L.P. (the  Deerfield Lenders  or  Deerfield ),
we were required to maintain a compensating cash balance of $5,000,000 in deposit accounts subject to control agreements in favor
of the lenders and we were required to pay to Deerfield accrued interest of approximately $2.6 million on October 1, 2015. We
were unable to meet these requirements and on both December 4 and 18, 2015 we entered into consent letters with Deerfield to modify
the Deerfield Facility Agreement and waive the compliance violations for a limited period. Under the terms of the December 18,
2015 consent letter, (i) solely during the period between December 18, 2015 and January 7, 2016, the amount of cash that is required
to be maintained in a deposit account subject to control agreements in favor of the Company s senior lenders was reduced
from $5,000,000 to $500,000 and (ii) the date for payment of the accrued interest amount originally payable on October 1, 2015
was extended to January 7, 2016. The continued effectiveness of the consent letter was conditioned upon the Company s continued
engagement of a chief restructuring officer and providing Deerfield with all relevant business contracts, agreements, and vendor
relationships for the Aurix and Angel product lines by December 28, 2015; the Company s failure to do either would result
in an immediate default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement. The consent letter contained various customary representations
and warranties, as well as customary provisions relating to other matters. 

As of January 26, 2016 (the date of our
voluntary filing for bankruptcy protection), we were in default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, and Deerfield had the
right to demand repayment of the entire amount owed to them, including accrued interest. As a result of the default and our assessment
that we would not be able to cure the causes of the default, as of December 31, 2015 we accelerated the amortization of the debt
discount and deferred financing costs associated with the Deerfield credit facility and at December 31, 2015 we classified the
entire Deerfield credit facility as a current liability. The total amount owing under the Deerfield credit facility, including
accrued interest, was compromised by the Bankruptcy Court. This amount of approximately $38.3 million and the $5.75 million outstanding
under the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined below) was settled as of the Effective Date through the issuance of 29,038 shares of
our Series A preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the  Series A Preferred Stock ) and the assignment to Deerfield
of all rights, title, and interest under the Arthrex Agreement (as defined in Note 2) including the rights to receive royalty
payments. See Note 17    Subsequent Events  for additional details. 

F- 8  

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations,
realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The propriety of using the going-concern
basis is dependent upon, among other things, the achievement of future profitable operations, the ability to generate sufficient
cash from operations, and potential other funding sources, including cash on hand, to meet our obligations as they become due.
After our emergence from bankruptcy on May 5, 2015, we believe our current resources, expected revenue from sales of Aurix, including
additional revenue expected to be generated from our Restorix collaboration, limited royalty and license fee revenue from our
license of certain aspects of the ALDH technology to StemCell Technologies for the Aldeflour product line, combined with the $3.0
million of backstop commitments, which is not available until June 30, 2017, will be adequate to maintain our operations through
at least the end of 2017 (see Note 17    Subsequent Events  for additional details). However, if we are unable to increase
our revenues as much as expected or control our costs as effectively as expected, then we may be required to curtail portions
of our strategic plan or to cease operations. More specifically, if we are unable to increase revenue or control costs in this
manner, we may be forced to delay the completion of, or significantly reduce the scope of, our current business plan; delay some
of our development and clinical or marketing efforts; delay our plans to penetrate the market serving Medicare beneficiaries and
fulfill the related data gathering requirements as stipulated by the Medicare CED coverage determination; delay the pursuit of
commercial insurance reimbursement for our wound treatment technologies; or postpone the hiring of new personnel; or, under certain
dire financial circumstances, cease our operations. Specific programs that may require additional funding include, without limitation,
continued investment in the sales, marketing, distribution, and customer service areas, further expansion into the international
markets, significant new product development or modifications, and pursuit of other opportunities. If adequate capital cannot
be obtained on a timely basis and on satisfactory terms, the Company s operations could be materially negatively impacted. 

Basis of Presentation   

The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and controlled subsidiary Aldagen, Inc. All significant inter-company
accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. In the accompanying consolidated financial statements, estimates are used for, but not
limited to, stock-based compensation, allowance for inventory obsolescence, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of derivative
liabilities and contingent consideration, contingent liabilities, fair value and depreciable lives of long-lived assets (including
property and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill), deferred taxes and associated valuation allowance and the classification
of our long-term debt. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash Equivalents   

We consider all highly liquid instruments
purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents potentially subject
us to a concentration of credit risk as approximately $413,000 held in financial institutions was in excess of the FDIC insurance
limits at December 31, 2015. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in the form of money market and checking accounts with
financial institutions that we believe are credit worthy. 

Pursuant to the terms of the December
18, 2015 consent letter with Deerfield, we were required to maintain a compensating cash balance of $500,000 in deposit accounts
subject to control agreements in favor of the lenders. As of December 31, 2015, we were in compliance with this covenant. See
Note 11    Debt  and Note 17  - Subsequent Events  for additional details. 

Customer and Vendor Concentration   

We generate accounts receivable from the
sale of our products. Our trade receivables balance at December 31, 2015 was primarily from Arthrex (39%), Vibra Healthcare (14%)
and West Podiatry (5%). In addition, sales to Arthrex accounted for approximately 90% and 91% of total products sales in 2015
and 2014, respectively. No other single customer accounted for more than 10% of total product sales. 

During the year ended December 31, 2015,
we used single suppliers for several components of the Angel and Aurix product lines. We outsourced the manufacturing of various
products, including component parts for Angel, to contract manufacturers. While we believe these manufacturers to demonstrate
competency, reliability and stability, there is no assurance that one or more of them will not experience an interruption or inability
to provide us with the products needed to satisfy customer demand. Additionally, while most of the components of Aurix are generally
readily available on the open market, a reagent, bovine thrombin, is available exclusively through Pfizer, with whom we have an
established vendor relationship. 

F- 9  

Accounts Receivable   

We generate accounts receivables from
the sale of our products and we provide for an allowance against receivables for estimated losses that may result from a customer s
inability or unwillingness to pay. The allowance for doubtful accounts is estimated primarily based upon historical write-off
percentages, known problem accounts, and current economic conditions. Accounts are written off against the allowance for doubtful
accounts when we determine that amounts are not collectable. Recoveries of previously written-off accounts are recognized when
collected. At December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we maintained an allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately $97,000
and $32,000, respectively. 

Inventory   

Our inventory is produced by third party
manufacturers and consists of raw material and finished goods. Inventory cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis and
is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We maintain an inventory of kits, reagents, and other disposables that
have shelf-lives that generally range from 18 months to five years. 

We provide for an allowance against inventory
for estimated losses that may result from excess or obsolete inventory (i.e. from the expiration of product shelf-life). Our allowance
for expired inventory is estimated based upon the inventory s remaining shelf-life and our anticipated ability to sell such
inventory, which is estimated using historical usage and future forecasts, within its remaining shelf life. At December 31, 2015
and December 31, 2014, the Company maintained an allowance for expired and excess and obsolete inventory of approximately $58,000
and $90,000, respectively. The Company records the associated expense for this reserve to costs of products sales in the consolidated
statement of operations. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment is stated at cost
less accumulated depreciation and is depreciated, using the straight-line method, over its estimated useful life ranging from
three to five years for all assets except for furniture, lab, and manufacturing equipment, which are depreciated over seven and
ten years, respectively. Leasehold improvements are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and are amortized, using the
straight-line method, over the lesser of the expected lease term or its estimated useful life ranging from three to six years.
Amortization of leasehold improvements is included in depreciation expense. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
as incurred. When assets are disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any
gain or loss is included in other income (expense). 

Centrifuges may be sold or placed at no
charge with customers. Depreciation expense for centrifuges that are available for sale or placed at no charge with customers
are charged to cost of sales. Angel centrifuges are sold directly to our worldwide distributor, Arthrex, and unless used for internal
purposes, are not recorded as property and equipment. Depreciation expense for centrifuges used for sales and marketing and other
internal purposes are charged to general and administrative expenses. 

Property and equipment is reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows
expected to be generated by the asset. Recoverability measurement and estimating of undiscounted cash flows is done at the lowest
possible level for which we can identify assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired, impairment is recognized as the
amount by which the carrying amount of assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 

Exit Activities and Realignment   

In May, 2014, we announced preliminary
efficacy and safety results of our RECOVER-Stroke Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with neurological damage arising from ischemic
stroke and treated with ALD-401. Observed improvements in the primary endpoint (mean modified Rankin Score) of the trial were
not clinically or statistically significant. In light of this outcome, we discontinued further direct funding of the Aldagen clinical
development program, decided to close our facilities in Durham, NC, and terminated certain employees. 

The discontinuance of this development
program is considered an exit activity. As such, we recognized the following expenses in 2014: 

F- 10  

An accrual of approximately $165,000 for
the loss on abandonment of the lease remained at December 31, 2015. The accrued loss will be amortized over the life of the lease
against future rental payments made and sublease income payments received. Severance expense is classified as research and development
expenses and general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Loss on abandonment
of lease is classified in general and administrative expenses and loss on disposal of assets is classified in other income (expense)
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The accrued loss on abandonment is included in accrued expenses and
other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

On August 11, 2015, our Board of Directors
approved a realignment plan with the goal of preserving and maximizing, for the benefit of our stockholders, the value of our
existing assets. The plan eliminated approximately 30% of our workforce and was aimed at the preservation of cash and cash equivalents
to finance our future operations and support our revised business objectives. In addition, on December 4, 2015, the Company eliminated
an additional 22% of its workforce, or seven employees. The Company recognized severance expense of approximately $0.9 million
associated with these reductions in our work force during the year ended December 31, 2015. Severance expenses are classified
in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, with $0.2 million, $0.2 million and $0.4 million
classified in sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses, respectively. As of December
31, 2015 approximately $0.3 million remained in accrued severance costs which are reflected in accrued expenses on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

Intangible Assets and Goodwill   

Intangible assets were acquired as part
of our acquisition of the Angel business and Aldagen, and consist of definite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including
goodwill. We had significant impairment charges to our intangible assets and goodwill in 2015 and 2014. See Note 8 -  Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets  and Note 3 -  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  for additional details. 

Definite-lived intangible assets  

Our definite-lived intangible assets include
trademarks, technology (including patents) and customer relationships, and are amortized over their useful lives and reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.
If any indicators were present, we test for recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the net undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated from the asset. If those net undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount (i.e.,
the asset is not recoverable), we would perform the next step, which is to determine the fair value of the asset and record an
impairment loss, if any. We periodically reevaluate the useful lives for these intangible assets to determine whether events and
circumstances warrant a revision in their remaining useful lives. During 2014, as a result of changes in circumstances, the Company
performed an assessment of our various definite-lived intangible assets and concluded that the carrying value of the definite-lived
intangible assets was impaired. An impairment charge, related to the Aldagen trademark, of approximately $1.0 million was taken
during the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets  

We evaluate our indefinite-lived intangible
asset, consisting solely of in-process research and development ( IPR D ) acquired in the Aldagen acquisition,
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable,
and at least on an annual basis each year, by comparing the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying
amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment loss in the amount of that excess. During
2015 and 2014, as a result of changes in circumstances, the Company performed an assessment of our IPR D intangible asset
and concluded that the carrying value of the IPR D intangible asset was impaired. During the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, we recognized impairment charges, related to IPR D of approximately $25.9 million and $3.7 million, respectively,
resulting in full impairment of IPR D as of December 31, 2015. 

Goodwill  

Goodwill represents the purchase price
of acquisitions in excess of the amounts assigned to acquired tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities. Goodwill
is tax deductible in all relevant jurisdictions. As a result of our acquisition of Aldagen in February 2012, we recorded goodwill
of approximately $422,000. Prior to the acquisition of Aldagen, we had goodwill of approximately $707,000 as a result of the acquisition
of the Angel business in April 2010. Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to periodic review for impairment. Goodwill is
reviewed annually, as of October 1, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill
might not be recoverable. We perform our review of goodwill on our one reporting unit. 

Before employing detailed impairment testing
methodologies, we first evaluate the likelihood of impairment by considering qualitative factors relevant to our reporting unit.
When performing the qualitative assessment, we evaluate events and circumstances that would affect the significant inputs used
to determine the fair value of the goodwill. Events and circumstances evaluated include: macroeconomic conditions that could affect
us, industry and market considerations for the generic pharmaceutical industry that could affect us, cost factors that could affect
our performance, our financial performance (including share price), and consideration of any company-specific events that could
negatively affect us, our business, or the fair value of our business. If we determine that it is more likely than not that goodwill
is impaired, we will then apply detailed testing methodologies. Otherwise, we will conclude that no impairment has occurred. 

Detailed impairment testing involves comparing
the fair value of our one reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value exceeds carrying value,
then it is concluded that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value,
a second step is required to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. The second step includes hypothetically valuing the tangible
and intangible assets and liabilities of our one reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a business combination. The implied
fair value of our one reporting unit's goodwill then is compared to the carrying value of that goodwill. If the carrying value
of our one reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we recognize an impairment loss in an amount
equal to the excess, not to exceed the carrying value. We determined that goodwill was fully impaired as of September 30, 2015
and recognized an impairment charge of approximately $1.1 million during the third quarter 2015. 

F- 11  

Conditionally Redeemable Common Stock   

As of December 31, 2015, the Maryland
Venture Fund ( MVF,  part of Maryland Department of Business and Economic Development) had an investment in our Old
Common Stock, and could have required us to repurchase the common stock, at MVF s option, upon certain events outside of
our control; provided, however, that in the event that, at the time of either such event our securities were listed on a national
securities exchange, the foregoing repurchase would not be triggered. MVF s common stock is classified as  contingently
redeemable common shares  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The contingently redeemable common shares were
cancelled as of the Effective Date. See Note 17    Subsequent Events  for additional details. 

Revenue Recognition   

We recognize revenue when the four basic
criteria for recognition are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have
been rendered; (3) consideration is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. 

Sales of products  

We provide for the sale of our products,
including disposable processing sets, and supplies to customers and, prior to the Effective Date, to Arthrex as distributor of
the Angel product line. Revenue from the sale of products is recognized upon shipment of products to the customers. We do not
maintain a reserve for returned products as in the past those returns have not been material and are not expected to be material
in the future. 

Usage or leasing of blood separation
equipment  

As a result of the acquisition of the
Angel business, we acquired various multiple element revenue arrangements that combined the (i) usage or leasing of blood separation
processing equipment, (ii) maintenance of processing equipment, and (iii) purchase of disposable processing sets and supplies.
We assigned these multiple element revenue arrangements to Arthrex in 2013 pursuant to a license agreement, and further assigned
all of our rights, title and interest in and to such license agreement to the Deerfield Lenders as of the Effective Date; as such,
we no longer recognize revenue under these arrangements. 

Percentage-based fees on licensee sales
of covered products, including those sold by Arthrex prior to the Effective Date, are generally recorded as products are sold
by licensees and are reflected as royalties in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Direct costs associated with
product sales and royalty revenues are recorded at the time that revenue is recognized. 

Deferred revenue at December 31, 2015
and 2014 consisted of prepaid licensing revenue of approximately $1,039,000 and $1,442,000, respectively, from the licensing of
Angel centrifuges. Prepaid licensing revenue is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement. Deferred
revenue related to products billed and not yet shipped of $122,000 at December 31, 2015 (none at December 31, 2014) will be recognized
when the product is shipped to the customer. Revenue of approximately $402,000 related to the prepaid license was recognized during
both the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. On January 1, 2013 a medical device excise tax came into effect that required
manufacturers to pay tax of 2.3% on the sale of certain medical devices. We report the medical device excise tax on a gross basis,
recognizing the tax as both revenue and cost of sales. 

License Fees  

The Company s license agreement
with Rohto (see Note 2    Distribution and License Arrangements  for additional details) contains multiple elements
that include the delivered license and other ancillary performance obligations, such as maintaining its intellectual property
and providing regulatory support and training to Rohto. The Company has determined that the ancillary performance obligations
are perfunctory and incidental and are expected to be minimal and infrequent. Accordingly, the Company has combined the ancillary
performance obligations with the delivered license and is recognizing revenue as a single unit of accounting following revenue
recognition guidance applicable to the license. Because the license is delivered, the Company recognized the entire $3.0 million
license fee as revenue in the three months ended March 31, 2015. Other elements contained in the license agreement, such as fees
and royalties related to the supply and future sale of the product, are contingent and will be recognized as revenue when earned. 

F- 12  

Geographic and Segment Information   

Product sales consist of the following: 

We currently operate in one business segment. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred and primarily consist of expenses relating to product development including costs incurred to conduct the data registry
protocols for the Coverage with Evidence Development program. Direct expenses included salaries and other costs of personnel,
raw materials and supplies, and third-party costs, such as contract research, consulting and clinical development costs. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company, from time to time, may issue
stock options or stock awards to employees, directors, consultants, and other service providers under its 2002 Long-Term Incentive
Plan ( LTIP ) or 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ( EIP ). In some cases, it has issued compensatory warrants
to service providers outside the LTIP or EIP (see Note 13    Equity  for additional details). 

All equity-based compensation is estimated
on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The assumptions used in the model for the LTIP and EIP are summarized
in the following table: 

For stock options, expected volatilities
are based on historical volatility of the Company s stock. Company data was utilized to estimate option exercises and employee
terminations within the valuation model for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. Expected years until exercise represents
the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of
the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The Company estimated that the dividend rate
on its common stock will be zero. 

The fair value of stock options and compensatory
warrants issued to service providers utilizes the same methodology with the exception of the expected term. For these awards to
non-employees, the Company estimates that the options or warrants will be held for the full term. 

Stock-based compensation for awards granted
to non-employees is periodically re-measured as the underlying options and warrants vest. The Company recognizes an expense for
such awards throughout the performance period as the services are provided by the non-employees, based on the fair value of these
options and warrants at each reporting period. 

The Company estimates the fair value of
stock awards based on the closing market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant. 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes
using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, current income tax expense or benefit is the amount
of income taxes expected to be payable or refundable for the current year. A deferred income tax asset or liability is recognized
for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases and tax credits and loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. Tax rate changes are reflected in income during the period such changes are enacted. All of our tax years remain
subject to examination by the tax authorities. 

F- 13  

For the year ended December 31, 2014,
the income tax provision relates exclusively to a deferred tax liability associated with the amortization for tax purposes of
goodwill. The deferred tax liability was eliminated in 2015 with the impairment charge recognized for all our goodwill. See Note
12    Income Taxes  for additional details. 

The Company s policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income before taxes. There were no such
items for 2015 and 2014. 

Basic and Diluted Loss per Share   

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. 

For periods of net income, and when the
effects are not anti-dilutive, diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders
by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding (including contingently issuable shares when the contingencies have been
resolved) plus the impact of all potential dilutive common shares, consisting primarily of common stock options and stock purchase
warrants using the treasury stock method, and convertible preferred stock and convertible debt using the if-converted method. 

For periods of net loss, diluted loss
per share is calculated similarly to basic loss per share because the impact of all dilutive potential common shares is anti-dilutive.
The total number of anti-dilutive shares, common stock options, warrants exercisable for common stock, convertible preferred stock
and convertible debt, which have been excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share, were 200,446,578 and 200,989,054
for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Defined Contribution Plans   

The Company sponsors a defined contribution
plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code covering substantially all full-time U.S. employees. Employee contributions
are voluntary and are determined on an individual basis subject to the maximum allowable under federal tax regulations. Participants
are always fully vested in their contributions. The Company makes employer matching contributions, which also vest immediately.
This plan is designated as a  Safe Harbor  plan. During 2015 and 2014, the Company contributed approximately $200,000
and $175,000, respectively, in cash to the plan. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance
for revenue recognition for contracts, superseding the previous revenue recognition requirements, along with most existing industry-specific
guidance. The guidance requires an entity to review contracts in five steps: 1) identify the contract, 2) identify performance
obligations, 3) determine the transaction price, 4) allocate the transaction price, and 5) recognize revenue. The new standard
will result in enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with
customers. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance approving a one-year deferral, making the standard effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted only for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016. In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations
for reporting revenue gross rather than net, with the same deferred effective date. In April 2016, the FASB issued guidance to
clarify the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and the accounting for licenses of intellectual property,
with the same deferred effective date. In May 2016, the FASB issued guidance rescinding SEC paragraphs related to revenue recognition,
pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force meeting. In May 2016, the FASB also issued
guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on assessing collectability, presentation of sales tax, noncash consideration,
and contracts and contract modifications at transition, with the same effective date. We are currently evaluating the impact,
if any, that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance
for the disclosure of uncertainties about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern. Under U.S. GAAP, continuation
of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity s
liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going
concern basis of accounting. Previously, there was no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote
disclosures. This was issued to provide guidance in U.S. GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there
is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
In doing so, the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments in this
update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance
as to whether a cloud computing arrangement (e.g., software as a service, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service,
and other similar hosting arrangements) includes a software license and, based on that determination, how to account for such
arrangements. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software
license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement
does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The amendment is effective
for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and may be applied on either a prospective or retrospective basis.
Early adoption is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption therefore did not affect our
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements from and after January 1, 2016. 

F- 14  

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance
to simplify the balance sheet disclosure for debt issuance costs. Under the guidance, debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability will be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, in
the same manner as debt discounts, rather than as an asset. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016; the adoption therefore did
not affect our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. The adoption did not have a material impact
on our consolidated financial statements from and after January 1, 2016. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance
for the accounting for inventory. The main provisions are that an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this update
at the lower of cost and net realizable value, except when inventory is measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. In addition, the Board has amended some of the other guidance in Topic 330 to more clearly articulate
the requirements for the measurement and disclosure of inventory. The amendments in this update for public business entities are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments
in this update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual
reporting period. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the accounting for measurement period adjustments resulting from business combinations. Under the guidance,
an acquirer will be required to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period in the reporting
period in which the adjustments are determined. The guidance requires an entity to present separately on the face of the income
statement or disclose in the notes to the financial statements the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by
line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment had been recognized as of the acquisition
date. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The amendments in this pronouncement
should be applied prospectively, with earlier application permitted. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2016;
the adoption therefore did not affect our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015. The adoption
did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements from and after January 1, 2016. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued accounting
guidance to simplify the presentation of deferred taxes. Previously, U.S. GAAP required an entity to separate deferred income
tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts. Under this guidance, deferred tax liabilities and assets will
be classified as noncurrent amounts. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact, if any, that this new accounting pronouncement will have on its financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance
for accounting for leases. The guidance requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to long-term leases on the
balance sheet and expands disclosure requirements regarding leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance must be adopted on a modified retrospective basis
and provides for certain practical expedients. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance
simplifying the accounting for and financial statement disclosure of stock-based compensation awards. Under the guidance, all
excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to stock-based compensation awards are to be recognized as income tax expenses
or benefits in the income statement and excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows in the
operating activities section of the statement of cash flows. Under the guidance, companies can also elect to either estimate the
number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur. In addition, the guidance amends some of
the other stock-based compensation awards guidance to more clearly articulate the requirements and cash flow presentation for
withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes. The guidance is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016 and early adoption is permitted, though all amendments of the guidance must be adopted in the same period. The adoption
of certain amendments of the guidance must be applied prospectively, and adoption of the remaining amendments must be applied
either on a modified retrospective basis or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact that
this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance
to clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call or put options that can accelerate the payment of principal
on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The amendments of this guidance are effective
for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. Entities are required to apply the guidance
to existing debt instruments using a modified retrospective transition method as of beginning of the fiscal year of adoption.
We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

We have evaluated all other issued and
unadopted Accounting Standards Updates and believe the adoption of these standards will not have a material impact on our results
of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

F- 15  

Note 2   Distribution
and Licensing Arrangements  

Distribution and License Agreement
with Arthrex   

In 2013, we entered into a
Distributor and License Agreement (the  Original Arthrex Agreement ) with Arthrex. The term of the Original
Arthrex Agreement was originally for five years, automatically renewable for an additional three-year period unless Arthrex
gives the Company a termination notice at least one year in advance of the end of the initial five-year period. Under the
terms of the Original Arthrex Agreement, Arthrex obtained the exclusive rights to sell, distribute, and service the
Company s Angel concentrated Platelet System and activAT (the  Products ), throughout the world, for all
uses other than chronic wound care. In connection with execution of the Original Arthrex Agreement, Arthrex paid the Company
a nonrefundable upfront payment of $5.0 million. In addition, under the terms of the Original Arthrex Agreement, Arthrex paid
royalties to the Company based upon volume of the Products sold. Arthrex s rights to sell, distribute and service the
Products were not exclusive in the non-surgical dermal and non-surgical aesthetics markets. On October 16, 2015, the Company
entered into an Amended and Restated License Agreement (the  Amended Arthrex Agreement ) with Arthrex, which
amended and restated the Original Arthrex Agreement. Under the terms of the Amended Arthrex Agreement, among others, the
Company licensed certain exclusive and non-exclusive rights to Arthrex in return for the right to receive royalties, and on a
date to be determined by Arthrex, but not later than March 31, 2016, Arthrex was to assume all rights related to the
manufacture and supply of the Angel product line. As part of the transaction, the Company transferred to Arthrex all of its
rights and title to product registration rights and intellectual property (other than patents) related to Angel. In
connection with the Agreement, the Deerfield Lenders irrevocably released their liens on the product registration rights and
intellectual property (other than patents) assets transferred by the Company to Arthrex. The Amended Arthrex Agreement, as
supplemented in April 2016, is referred to collectively as the  Arthrex Agreement.  

Pursuant to the Plan, on May 5, 2016, the
Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), the designee of
the Deerfield Lenders, to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the Arthrex Agreement,
and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed thereunder, as well
as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. The assignment and transfer was effected in exchange for a reduction of $15,000,000
in the amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield Lenders pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization. As a result of the assignment
and transfer, the Aurix System currently represents the Company s only commercial product offering. Pursuant to the Plan,
on the Effective Date, the Company and the Assignee entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to
continue to service the Arthrex Agreement for a transition period. See Note 17    Subsequent Events  for additional
details. 

Under the Transition
Services Agreement with the Assignee, we are obligated to continue to provide for the manufacture and supply to Arthrex of
the Angel product line in accordance with the terms of the Arthrex Agreement, and to provide our full cooperation, as
commercially reasonable, to assist Arthrex with the manufacture and supply of the Angel product line, notwithstanding the
original March 31, 2016 assumption deadline for Arthrex described above. Initially, our obligation to provide such transition
services was not to extend beyond October 15, 2016 unless agreed between the Company and the Assignee. See  Note 17  
Subsequent Events  for a description of an agreement with Arthrex and Assignee extending such transition period, among
other matters. 

Distribution and License Agreement
with Rohto   

In September 2009, we entered into a licensing
and distribution agreement with Millennia Holdings, Inc. ( Millennia ) for the Company s Aurix System in Japan. 

In January 2015 we granted to Rohto Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. ( Rohto ) a royalty bearing, nontransferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use
certain of the Company s intellectual property for the development, import, use, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution
for all wound care and topical dermatology applications of the Aurix System and related intellectual property and know-how in human
and veterinary medicine in Japan in exchange for an upfront payment from Rohto of $3.0 million. The agreement also contemplates
additional royalty payments based on the net sales of Aurix in Japan and an additional future cash payment if and when the reimbursement
price for the national health insurance system in Japan has been achieved after marketing authorization as described below. In
connection with and effective as of entering into the Rohto Agreement, we amended the licensing and distribution greement with
Millennia to terminate it and allow us to transfer the exclusivity rights from Millennia to Rohto. In connection with this amendment
we paid a one-time, non-refundable fee of $1.5 million to Millennia upon our receipt of the $3.0 million upfront payment from Rohto,
and we may be required to make certain future payments to Millennia if we receive the milestone payment from Rohto as well as future
royalty payments based upon net sales in Japan. Rohto has assumed all responsibility for securing the marketing authorization in
Japan, while we will provide relevant product information, as well as clinical and other data, to support Rohto s efforts. 

Note 3   Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures  

Financial Instruments Carried at
Cost   

Short-term financial instruments in our
consolidated balance sheets, including accounts receivables and accounts payable, are carried at cost which approximates fair value,
due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our long-term convertible debt was approximately $25.3 million at December 31,
2015. 

F- 16  

Fair Value Measurements   

Our balance sheets include certain financial
instruments that are carried at fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to
transfer a liability assuming an orderly transaction in the most advantageous market at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes
a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of observability of inputs used in measuring fair value.
These tiers include: 

Level 1, defined as observable
inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets;  

Level 2, defined as observable
inputs other than Level I prices such as quoted prices for similar assets; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities;
and  

Level 3, defined as unobservable
inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions.  

An asset s or liability s level
within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. At
each reporting period, we perform a detailed analysis of our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. All assets
and liabilities for which the fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs or instruments which trade infrequently
and therefore have little or no price transparency are classified as Level 3. 

Financial Assets and Liabilities
Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis   

We have segregated our financial assets
and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy
based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date in the table below. The inputs used in measuring the
fair value of cash and short-term investments are considered to be Level 1 in accordance with the three-tier fair value hierarchy.
The fair market values are based on period-end statements supplied by the various banks and brokers that held the majority of our
funds. 

We account for our derivative financial
instruments, consisting solely of certain stock purchase warrants that contain non-standard anti-dilutions provisions and/or cash
settlement features, and certain conversion options embedded in our convertible instruments, at fair value using level 3 inputs.
We determine the fair value of these derivative liabilities using the Black-Scholes option pricing model when appropriate, and
in certain circumstances using binomial lattice models or other accepted valuation practices. 

When determining the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model, we are required to use various estimates and unobservable inputs, including, among other things, contractual
terms of the instruments, expected volatility of our stock price, expected dividends, and the risk-free interest rate. Changes
in any of the assumptions related to the unobservable inputs identified above may change the fair value of the instrument. Increases
in expected term, anticipated volatility and expected dividends generally result in increases in fair value, while decreases in
the unobservable inputs generally result in decreases in fair value.   

When determining the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities using binomial lattice
models or other accepted valuation practices, we also are required to use various estimates and unobservable inputs, including
in addition to those listed above, the probability of certain events.   

As a result of our deteriorating financial
condition and decreased stock price in 2015, the value of our derivative liabilities related to stock purchase warrants and embedded
conversion option was  de minimis  as of December 31, 2015. 

F- 17  

The following table represents the fair
value hierarchy for our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014: 

The Level 1 assets measured at fair value
in the above table are classified as cash and cash equivalents and the Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value in the above
table are classified as derivative liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. All other gains and losses arising
from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments are classified as the changes in the fair value of derivative liabilities
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

During the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, we did not have any transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 assets or liabilities. The following tables set forth
a summary of changes in the fair value of Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the year ended December
31, 2015 and 2014: 

F- 18  

(1) Various warrants were reclassified to additional paid-in
capital as a result of the expiration of non-standard anti-dilution clauses contained within the warrants.  

In February 2014, we purchased a Certificate
of Deposit ( CD ) from a commercial bank in the amount of $53,000. The CD bears interest at an annual rate of 0.10%
and matured on February 24, 2016 and was auto-renewed at the same rate with a maturity date of October 24, 2016. The $53,000 carrying
value of the CD approximates its fair value. This CD collateralizes a letter of credit. (See Note 16    Commitments and
Contingencies  for additional details.) 

We have no financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities
Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis   

Property and equipment and intangible assets
(including goodwill) are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis (upon impairment). 

Definite-lived intangible assets  
trademarks, customer relationships and technology  

As a result of our decision to discontinue
further funding of the ALD401 development program in June 2014, we recognized a noncash impairment charge of approximately $1.0
million to our trademarks during the second quarter of 2014. The carrying value of our definite-lived intangible assets at December
31, 2015 is $2,513,294. 

We determined the fair value for the Trademark
as of June 30, 2014 by using the royalty savings method of the income approach. In applying this method, we used the expected future
royalty revenues, generated by the Trademark, to get to the expected net cash flows. We then applied an asset-specific discount
rate to the forecasted net cash flows to arrive at a net present value amount. Significant estimates and assumptions used in this
approach were the (i) amount and timing of the projected revenues; (ii) royalty rate based on comparable trademarks; (iii) estimated
useful life; and (iv) discount rate, which reflects the various risks involved in future cash flows; and (v) tax rate. 

Indefinite-lived intangible asset  
IPR D  

As a result of our decision to discontinue
further funding of the ALD401 development program during the second quarter of 2014, we determined that the fair value of our IPR D
asset as of June 30, 2014 was less than its carrying value and recognized a noncash impairment charge of approximately $3.7 million.
During the third quarter of 2015, we again determined that the estimated fair value of our IPR D asset was less than its carrying
value, and recognized an additional impairment charge of $22.6 million. As a result of our continuing deteriorating financial condition
throughout the fourth quarter of 2015 and, as a result, the lack of available funding to continue our clinical trials related to
our ALDH bright cell technology and a decreasing probability of receiving final product approval within the foreseeable future
if at all, we determined that the estimated fair value of our IPR D asset at December 31, 2015 was  de minimis , and recognized
a final impairment charge of $3.3 million. As a result, the carrying value of our IPR D asset as of December 31, 2015 is zero. 

We determined the fair value for IPR D
by using the royalty savings method of the income approach. In applying this method, we used the existing royalty income that was
being generated by the Company and expected future royalty revenues to get to the expected net cash flows. We then applied an asset-specific
discount rate to the forecasted net cash flows to arrive at a net present value amount. Significant estimates and assumptions used
in this approach include the (i) amount and timing of the projected revenues; (ii) royalty rate based on comparable IPR 
(iii) discount rate, which reflects the various risks involved in future cash flows; and (iv) tax rate. 

Goodwill  

In determining the fair value of our goodwill
as of September 30, 2015, we assessed how our net tangible and intangible assets, including goodwill, would be valued in a hypothetical
sale of the Company, with the sales price being equal to our market capitalization as of September 30, 2015. After allocating the
total fair value of our reporting unit to the estimated fair value of our net tangible assets, we then allocated remaining fair
value first to our definite-lived intangible assets and second to our indefinite-lived intangible asset. We determined the fair
value of the goodwill as the excess of the total fair value of the reporting unit over the fair value of all other assets and liabilities.
As a result, we determined that the estimated fair value of our goodwill was less than its carrying value, and recognized an impairment
charge of $1.1 million in the third quarter of 2015. As a result, the carrying value of our goodwill at September 30, 2015 and
December 31, 2015 was zero. 

F- 19  

The intangible assets in the table below
were measured in 2014 at fair value on a non-recurring basis on the date of impairment. Our intangible assets measured at fair
value in 2015, our IPR D asset and our goodwill, were determined to have  de minimus  value. 

The carrying fair value of our trademarks
and IPR D asset at December 31, 2014 reflect a reduction in their value of approximately $1.0 million and $3.7 million, respectively,
as a result of an impairment loss recognized during the year ended December 31, 2014. These assets are included in  intangible
assets, net  in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The reduction in value is reflected as  impairment of
intangible assets and goodwill  in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

We have no non-financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

Note 4   Accounts and Other Receivable  

Accounts and other receivable, net consisted
of the following: 

Other receivables consist primarily of
royalties due from Arthrex and the receivable due from our contract manufacturer for the cost of raw materials required to manufacture
the Angel products that are purchased by the Company and immediately resold, at cost, to the contract manufacturer. 

The allowance for doubtful accounts was $96,748 and $32,469
as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Note 5   Inventory  

Inventory, net consisted of the following: 

F- 20  

Note 6   Prepaid Expenses and Other Current
Assets  

Prepaid expenses and other current assets
consisted of the following: 

Deposits and advances consist primarily
of payments to the Company s raw materials suppliers, Angel centrifuge manufacturers, and professional services providers.
Prepaid royalties consist of a cash payment and the fair value of the common stock and warrant issued for the release of the Worden
security interest in patents (See Note 13  - Equity  for additional details). The royalty is amortized to cost of sales over
the life of the patent. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, royalty amortization expense was approximately $131,000
and $121,000 respectively. 

Note 7   Property and
Equipment  

Property and equipment, net consisted of
the following: 

For the year ended December 31, 2015 depreciation
expense and amortization was approximately $433,000, of which $246,000 was classified as general and administrative expenses, $25,000
as sales and marketing expenses, $68,000 as research and development expenses, and $94,000 as cost of sales. 

For the year ended December 31, 2014 depreciation
expense and amortization was approximately $276,000, of which $99,000 was classified as general and administrative expenses, $72,000
as research and development expense and $105,000 as cost of sales. 

The net book value of property and equipment
disposed of was approximately $69,000 in 2015 and $265,000 in 2014. The disposal of property and equipment was primarily due to
the sale of centrifuges and the 2014 closure of our research and development facility. 

F- 21  

Note 8   Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets  

Our intangible assets as of December 31,
2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

Definite-lived intangible assets  
trademarks, customer relationships and technology  

Our definite-lived intangible assets include
trademarks, technology (including patents) and customer relationships, and are amortized over their useful lives ranging from eight
to twenty years. As a result of our decision to discontinue further funding of the ALD401 development program in June 2014, we
recognized a noncash impairment charge of approximately $1.0 million to our trademarks during the second quarter of 2014. See Note
3 for a discussion of the fair value assumptions used in determining the amount of the impairment. The carrying value of our definite-lived
intangible assets at December 31, 2015 is $2,513,294. 

Indefinite-lived intangible asset  
IPR D  

Our indefinite-lived intangible asset,
consisting solely of IPR D acquired in the Aldagen acquisition, will not be amortized until it is placed into service. As a
result of our decision to discontinue further funding of the ALD401 development program during the second quarter of 2014, we determined
that the fair value of our IPR D asset as of June 30, 2014 was less than its carrying value and recognized a noncash impairment
charge of approximately $3.7 million. During the third quarter of 2015, we again determined that the estimated fair value of our
IPR D asset was less than its carrying value as of September 30, 2015, and recognized an additional impairment charge of $22.6
million. As a result of our continuing deteriorating financial condition throughout the fourth quarter of 2015 and, as a result,
the lack of available funding to continue our clinical trials related to our ALDH bright cell technology and a decreasing probability
of receiving final product approval within the foreseeable future if at all, we determined that the estimated fair value of our
IPR D asset at December 31, 2015 was  de minimis , and recognized a final impairment charge of $3.3 million. See Note
3 for a discussion of the fair value assumptions used in determining the amount of the impairment. As a result, the carrying value
of our IPR D asset as of December 31, 2015 is zero. 

Goodwill  

Our goodwill was the result of our 2012
acquisition of Aldagen of approximately $422,000 and goodwill arising from our 2010 acquisition of the Angel Business of approximately
$707,000. As of September 30, 2015 we determined that the estimated fair value of our goodwill was less than its carrying value,
and recognized an impairment charge of $1.1 million. See Note 3 for a discussion of the fair value assumptions used in determining
the amount of the impairment. As a result, the carrying value of goodwill at December 31, 2015 was zero. 

Amortization expense associated with our
definite-lived intangible assets of approximately $157,000 was recorded to costs of royalties and approximately $151,000 was recorded
to general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015. Amortization expense associated with our definite-lived
intangible assets of approximately $157,000 was recorded to costs of royalties and approximately $180,000 was recorded to general
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2014. Annual amortization expense based on our existing intangible
assets and their estimated useful lives is expected to be approximately: 

F- 22  

Note 9   Accrued expenses
and liabilities  

Accrued expenses consisted of the following: 

An accrual of $600,000 was established
in 2014 for machine refurbishment and design improvement costs required for certain centrifuges placed with customers. These costs
are reflected in cost of sales for the year ending December 31, 2014. As of December 31, 2015, the remaining accrued liability
is $465,000. 

Note 10   Deferred Revenue  

Deferred revenue consists primarily of
prepaid licensing revenue from the Arthrex Agreement. Revenue related to prepaid licensing is recognized on a straight-line basis
over five years, the term of the original Arthrex agreement. Revenue of approximately $402,000 related to the prepaid license was
recognized in both the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. See Notes 2    Distribution and Licensing
Arrangements  and 17    Subsequent Events  for additional details. 

Note 11   Debt  

Outstanding Debt as of December 31, 2015   

In 2014, we entered into the Deerfield
Facility Agreement, a $35 million five-year senior secured convertible credit facility with Deerfield due March 31, 2019. Deerfield
had the right to convert the principal amount of the related notes (the  Notes ) into shares of our common stock ( Conversion
Shares ) at a per share price equal to $0.52. In addition, we granted to Deerfield the option to require the Company to redeem
up to 33.33% of the total amount drawn under the facility, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, on each of the
second, third, and fourth anniversaries of the closing with the option right triggered upon the Company s net revenues failing
to achieve certain quarterly milestone amounts. We also granted Deerfield the option to require us to apply 35% of the proceeds
received by us in equity-raising transaction(s) to redeem outstanding principal and interest of the Notes, provided that the first
$10 million so raised by us would be exempt from this put option. We entered into a security agreement which provided, among other
things, that our obligations under the Notes would be secured by a first priority security interest, subject to customary permitted
liens, on all our assets. 

Under the terms of the facility, we also
issued stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 97,614,999 shares of our common stock at an initial exercise price of $0.52 per
share (subject to adjustments). We also entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which we filed a registration
statement to register the resale of the Conversion Shares and the shares underlying the stock purchase warrants. 

As a result of certain non-standard anti-dilution
provisions and cash settlement features, we classify the detachable stock purchase warrants and the conversion option embedded
in the Notes as derivative liabilities. The derivative liabilities were recorded initially at their estimated fair value and as
a result, we recognized a total debt discount on the convertible notes of $34.8 million. We re-measure the warrants and the conversion
option to fair value at each balance sheet reporting date. Certain debt issuance costs, in the form of warrants and fees, were
recorded as deferred debt issuance costs. The issuance costs include a yield enhancement fee, for which we issued 2,709,677 shares
of the Company s commons stock in 2014, with a fixed value of approximately $1.1 million. 

Under the Deerfield Facility Agreement,
we were required to maintain a compensating cash balance of $5,000,000 in deposit accounts subject to control agreements in favor
of the lenders and we were required to pay to Deerfield accrued interest of approximately $2.6 million on October 1, 2015. We
were unable to meet these requirements and on both December 4 and 18, 2015 we entered into consents to modify the Deerfield Facility
Agreement and waive the compliance violations for a limited period. Under the terms of the December 18, 2015 consent, (i) solely
during the period between December 18, 2015 and January 7, 2016, the amount of cash that is required to be maintained in a deposit
account subject to control agreements in favor of our senior lenders was reduced from $5,000,000 to $500,000 and (ii) the date
for payment of the accrued interest amount originally payable on October 1, 2015 was extended to January 7, 2016. The continued
effectiveness of the consent was conditioned upon the Company s continued engagement of a chief restructuring officer and
providing Deerfield with all relevant business contracts, agreements, and vendor relationships for the Aurix and Angel product
lines by December 28, 2015; the Company s failure to do either would result in an immediate default under the Deerfield
Facility Agreement. The consent contained various customary representations and warranties. 

F- 23  

As of January 26, 2016 (the date of our
voluntary filing for bankruptcy protection), we were in default under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, and Deerfield had the right
to demand repayment of the entire amount owed to them, including accrued interest. As a result of the default and our assessment
that we would not be able to cure the causes of the default, as of December 31, 2015 we accelerated the amortization of the debt
discount and deferred financing costs associated with the Deerfield credit facility and classified the entire $35,000,000 outstanding
under the Deerfield credit facility as a current liability. The total amount owing under the Deerfield Facility Agreement, including
accrued interest, was compromised by the Court and, as part of our Plan of Reorganization discussed above and in Note 17  
 Subsequent Events , together with $5.75 million outstanding under the DIP Credit Agreement, was settled upon our emergence
from bankruptcy pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization by (1) our issuing 29,038 shares of our Series A preferred stock to Deerfield
and (2) our assigning all rights, title, and interest under the Arthrex Agreement including the rights to receive royalty payments
to Deerfield in exchange for a reduction of $15,000,000 in the amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield Lenders pursuant to
the Plan of Reorganization. 

Debt Repaid, Retired or Otherwise
Extinguished in 2014   

JP Nevada Trust 12% Note  

In April 2011, we borrowed $2.1 million
pursuant to a secured promissory note with an original maturity date of May 20, 2016. The note accrued interest at a rate of 12%
per annum, and required interest-only payments each quarter commencing September 30, 2011, with the then outstanding principal
due on the maturity date. The note was secured by our Angel assets. In connection with the issuance of the secured promissory note,
we issued the lender a warrant to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share, with
variable vesting provisions. Our payment obligations with respect to $1.4 million under the note were guaranteed by certain insiders,
affiliates, and shareholders. In connection with this guarantee, we issued the guarantors warrants to purchase an aggregate of
up to 1,500,000 shares, on a pro rata basis based on the amount of the guarantee, at an exercise price of $0.50 per share with
variable vesting provisions. The warrants issued to the lender and the guarantors were valued at approximately $546,000, were recorded
as deferred debt issuance costs, and were being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the guarantee period
(we determined that the straight-line method of amortization did not yield a materially different amortization schedule from the
effective interest method). 

On March 31, 2014 in connection with the
Deerfield Notes, JP Nevada Trust agreed to subordinate its security interest in the note. In consideration, we issued to the holder
a five-year warrant to purchase 750,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.52 per share. The warrants were valued
at approximately $14,000 and were classified as derivative liabilities. The $2.1 million note with JP Nevada Trust was repaid in
full in June 2014 and the warrants expired pursuant to their terms upon repayment of the debt. The corresponding deferred debt
issuance costs of $298,000 were charged to interest expense in the second quarter of 2014. 

JMJ 4% Convertible Notes  

In July 2011, we issued $1.3 million of
our 4% Convertible Notes (the  July 4% Convertible Notes ) to JMJ Financial. The July 4% Convertible Notes were scheduled
to mature on May 23, 2016 and included a one-time interest charge of 4% due on maturity. The July 4% Convertible Notes (plus accrued
interest) converted at the option of the holder, in whole or in part and from time to time, into shares of our common stock at
a conversion rate equal to (i) the lesser of $0.80 per share or (ii) 80% of the average of the three lowest closing prices of our
common stock for the previous 20 trading days prior to conversion (subject to a  floor  price of $0.25 per share).
In April 2014, the remaining balance of the face amount of the July 4% Convertible Notes and accrued interest were converted into
approximately 347,000 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.41 per share. 

Mid-Cap Financial Term Loan  

In February 2013, we entered into a Credit
and Security Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Mid-Cap Financial ( MidCap ) that provided for aggregate
term loan commitments of $7.5 million, subsequently modified to $4.5 million. On March 31, 2014, we repaid the term loan in its
entirety along with approximately $330,000 in early payment penalties and fees. The balance of the unamortized debt discount of
approximately $381,000 and deferred fees of approximately $142,000 were charged to interest expense in the first quarter of 2014. 

In connection with the term loan, we issued
the lender a seven-year warrant to purchase 1,079,137 shares of the Company s Common stock at the warrant exercise price
of $0.70 per share. The exercise price and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrant is subject to standard anti-dilution
adjustments and contains a cashless exercise provision. The warrants issued to the lender were valued at approximately $568,000,
were recorded as a debt discount, and were being amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan (we determined that the
straight-line method of amortization did not yield a materially different amortization schedule from the effective interest method).
The warrants are classified in equity. 

F- 24  

December 2013 Convertible Bridge Note  

In November 2013, we executed agreements
with certain investors for the subsequent issuance of 10% subordinated convertible notes ( 10% Subordinated Convertible Notes )
and stock purchase warrants, for gross proceeds of up to $3 million. We received $2.25 million of the expected gross proceeds in
December 2013 and we received $0.75 million of the gross proceeds in February 2014. 

On March 31, 2014 the holders of the December
2013 convertible bridge notes (except for one holder), agreed to convert their outstanding notes pursuant to its terms, converting
into 5,981,859 shares of common stock. The Company repaid, in its entirety, the portion of the debt excluded from the conversion
(including interest and prepayment penalties) pursuant to its terms, for a total cash payment of approximately $339,000. The unamortized
balance of the related debt discount, deferred fees, and derivative liability for the embedded conversion feature, were reclassified
to additional paid-in capital. 

The conversion option embedded in the 10%
Subordinated Convertible Notes and related warrants issued to the investors was accounted for as a derivative liability and was
recorded at its fair value of $2.25 million, resulting in a debt discount of $2.25 million. The debt discount was amortized as
additional interest expense using the interest rate method through the maturity date. The embedded conversion option and the warrants
were recorded at fair value and marked to market at each period, with the resulting change in fair value reflected as  change
in fair value of derivative liabilities  in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

In connection with the issuance of the
Notes, we also agreed to issue to the investors in the offering five-year warrants to purchase shares of our common stock in the
amount equal to 75% of the number of shares into which the Notes may be converted at an exercise price equal to 125% of the Market
Price (as defined in the agreement). The warrants also contain non-standard anti-dilution adjustments and contain certain net settlement
features. Warrants issued to the placement agent were value at approximately $69,000, were recorded as deferred debt issuance costs,
and are being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis through the maturity date (we determined that the straight-line
method of amortization did not yield a materially different amortization schedule from the effective interest method). As a result
of the scheduled expiration of non-standard anti-dilution clauses contained within the investors and placement agent warrants,
the warrants were reclassified to equity at their fair value on June 9, 2014. 

Note 12   Income Taxes  

Income tax (expense) benefit for the years ended December 31,
2015 and 2014 consisted of the following: 

F- 25  

Significant components of Nuo Therapeutics  deferred tax
assets and liabilities consisted of the following at December 31: 

The following table presents a reconciliation between the U.S.
federal statutory income tax rate and the Company s effective tax rate: 

The Company had loss carry-forwards of
approximately $163.2 million as of December 31, 2015 that may be offset against future taxable income. The carry-forwards will
begin to expire in 2020. Use of these carry-forwards may be subject to annual limitations based upon previous significant changes
in stock ownership. 

In 2014, the Company recorded an income
tax provision of approximately $20,000 related to a deferred tax liability resulting from the amortization of goodwill for tax
purposes. In 2015, the deferred tax liability reversed when our goodwill was determined to be impaired. No income tax benefit was
recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for stock-based compensation for the years presented due to the Company s
net loss position. 

The Company does not believe it has any
uncertain income tax positions. 

F- 26  

Note 13   Equity  

On January 26, 2016, we filed a voluntary
petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking relief
under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is being administered under the
caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW). On April 25, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an
Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization, which confirmed the
Company s Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (as confirmed, the  Plan ).
The Plan became effective on May 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ). Pursuant to the Plan, as of the Effective Date (i)
all equity interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value
per share (including its redeemable common stock)(the  Old Common Stock ), warrants and options, that were issuable
or issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were cancelled. See Note 17    Subsequent Events 
for additional details. 

Common Stock   

Our common stock has a par value of $.0001
per share. On June 9, 2014, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s then-effective Certificate
of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of all classes of capital stock from 215,000,000 shares to 440,000,000
shares, and the authorized number of common stock from 200,000,000 shares to 425,000,000 shares. Common stock was subordinate to
Series A, B, C, and D convertible preferred stock. Each share of common stock represented the right to one vote, and holders of
common stock were entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors. No dividends were declared or paid
on our common stock in 2015 and 2014. 

2014 Private Placement  

In March 2014 we raised $2.0 million from
the private placement of 3,846,154 shares of common stock (at a price of $0.52 per share) and five-year stock purchase warrants
to purchase 2,884,615 shares of common stock at $0.52 per share. As a result of certain non-standard anti-dilution provisions and
cash settlement features contained in the warrants, we classified the detachable stock purchase warrants as derivative liabilities,
initially at their estimated relative fair value of approximately $1.1 million. We re-measure the warrants to fair value at each
balance sheet date. Issuance costs, in the form of warrants and fees, were valued at approximately $136,000 and were recorded to
additional paid-in-capital. 

2014 Issuance to Deerfield  

In June 2014, we issued 2,709,677 shares
of our common stock (with a value of $1.1 million) to Deerfield in satisfaction of certain transaction fees. 

2014 Issuance to former Aldagen Shareholders  

In November 2014, we amended and settled
our contingent consideration obligations from our 2012 acquisition of Aldagen by issuing 1,270,000 shares of our common stock. 

2014 Issuances to Lincoln Park  

In February 2013, we entered into a purchase
agreement and a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC ( Lincoln Park ). Under the terms
and subject to the conditions of the agreements, the Company had the right to sell to and Lincoln Park was obligated to purchase
up to $15 million in shares of the Company s common stock, subject to certain limitations, from time to time, over the 30-month
period commencing on the date that a registration statement is declared effective by the SEC. The Company was able to direct Lincoln
Park every other business day, at its sole discretion and subject to certain conditions, to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common
stock in regular purchases, increasing to amounts of up to 200,000 shares depending upon the closing sale price of the common stock.
In addition, the Company was able to direct Lincoln Park to purchase additional amounts as accelerated purchases if on the date
of a regular purchase the closing sale price of the common stock was not below $1.00 per share. The purchase price of shares of
common stock related to the funding would be based on the prevailing market prices of such shares at the time of sales (or over
a period of up to 12 business days leading up to such time), but in no event were shares sold under this arrangement on a day the
common stock closing price was less than the floor price of $0.45 per share, subject to adjustment. The Company s sales of
shares of common stock under the agreements were limited to no more than the number of shares that would result in the beneficial
ownership by Lincoln Park and its affiliates, at any single point in time, of more than 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of
the common stock. 

The arrangement with Lincoln Park expired
on January 17, 2016. Prior to its expiration we had issued 5,250,000 shares to Lincoln Park (raising approximately $2.4 million
in gross proceeds). In addition to those shares, the Company issued to Lincoln Park 434,126 shares of common stock in satisfaction
of certain transaction fees. 

F- 27  

Stock Purchase Warrants   

The Company had the following stock purchase
warrants outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014: 

Certain of the above warrants were issued
to consultants in exchange for services provided (see  stock-based compensation  below). All of the above warrants
were cancelled in their entirety as of the Effective Date as discussed above. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company s 2002 LTIP and 2013
Equity EIP (together with the LTIP, the  Incentive Plans ) permitted the awards of stock options, stock appreciation
rights, restricted stock, phantom stock, performance units, dividend equivalents and other stock-based awards to employees, directors
and consultants. We were authorized to issue up to 10,500,000 shares of common stock under the LTIP and up to 18,000,000 shares
under the EIP (as approved by our shareholders on June 9, 2014). At December 31, 2015, 3,224,721 and 13,674,311 shares were available
to be issued under the LTIP and EIP, respectively. All stock options granted under the LTIP and EIP were also cancelled in their
entirety as of the Effective Date as discussed above. 

As of December 31, 2015, the Company only
issued stock options under the Incentive Plans. Stock option terms were determined by the Board of Directors for each option grant,
and generally vested immediately upon grant or over a period of time ranging up to four years, were exercisable in whole or installments,
and expired no longer than ten years from the date of grant. A summary of stock option activity under the Incentive Plans as of
December 31, 2015, and changes during 2015, is presented below: 

F- 28  

The weighted-average grant-date fair value
of stock options granted under the Incentive Plans during 2015 and 2014 was $0.18 and $0.40, respectively. We granted 1,033,259
and 8,462,248 stock options during 2015 and 2014, respectively; the fair value of stock options granted and vested during 2015
was approximately $187,000 and $1,292,000, respectively. No stock options were exercised during 2015 and 2014. As of December 31,
2015, there was approximately $810,000 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, and that cost
was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.6 years. As a result of the cancellation of all outstanding stock
options and the application of fresh start accounting as of the Effective Date, unrecognized compensation costs related to the
stock options outstanding as of May 4, 2016 are not recognized after the Effective Date.   The following table summarizes
information about stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2015: 

Additionally, the Company has issued certain
stock purchase warrants in exchange for the performance of services, not covered by the Incentive Plans. A summary of service provider
warrant activity as of December 31, 2015, and changes during 2015, is presented below: 

F- 29  

There were no such warrants granted in 2015, and there were
no exercises in 2015. The following table summarizes information about these warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2015: 

As of December 31, 2015, there no unrecognized
compensation cost related to these warrants. 

The Company has recorded stock-based compensation
expense as follows: 

See Note 17    Subsequent Events  for the grant of
stock options to employees and directors under the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan after the Effective
Date. 

F- 30  

Note 14   Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures   Non-Cash
Transactions  

Non-cash Investing and Financing transactions
for years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 include :   

2015       
     2014     
 
     Conversion of convertible debt to common stock    
     $  -       
     $  3,067,423     
 
     Reclassification of the unamortized balance of debt discount and derivative liability, related to the extinguishment and conversion of the subordinated convertible debt, to additional paid-in capital    
        -       
        2,860,627     
 
     Derivative liability created from conversion option embedded in Deerfield convertible credit facility    
        -       
        8,825,935     
 
     Warrants issued in connection with convertible debt and equity facility    
        -       
        29,137,682     
 
     Reclassification of warrant derivative liability to additional paid-in capital as a result of the expiration of non-standard anti-dilution clause contained in warrants    
        -       
        1,331,776     
 
     Issuance of common stock in connection with convertible debt facility    
        -       
        1,050,000     
 
     Accrued property and equipment purchases    
        -       
        64,108     
 
     Common stock issued to satisfy contingent consideration    
        -       
        127     
 
     Common stock issued for settlement of contingency    
        -       
        39,150     

The Company paid no cash interest and $379,000
in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. There were no income taxes paid in 2015 and 2014. 

Note 15   Operating Leases  

The Company leases its office spaces under
operating leases with approximate future minimum lease payments as indicated in the table below: 

F- 31  

For the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014, the Company incurred rent expense of approximately $224,000 and $515,000, respectively. For 2015, reported rent expense reflects
a reduction of approximately $103,200 as a result of the amortization of the loss on the abandonment of lease, as a result of our
discontinued use and following sublet of the Durham, North Carolina facility which was recorded during the year ended December
31, 2014. As of December 31, 2015, future sublease rental payments of approximately $0.5 million are expected to be received over
the remaining term of the sublease. 

Note 16   Commitments and Contingencies  

Under the Company s plan of reorganization
upon emergence from bankruptcy in July 2002, the then-outstanding Series A preferred stock and the dividends accrued thereon that
existed prior to emergence from bankruptcy were to be exchanged into one share of new common stock for every five shares of Series
A preferred stock held as of the date of emergence from bankruptcy. This exchange was contingent on the Company s attaining
aggregate gross revenues for four consecutive quarters of at least $10,000,000 and if met would result in the issuance of 325,000
shares of the Company s common stock. The Company reached such aggregate revenue levels as of the end of the quarter ended
June 30, 2012. As of March 31, 2016, 271,000 shares of common stock remain issuable pursuant to the 2002 plan of reorganization.
The shares issuable were cancelled as of the Effective Date (See Note 17    Subsequent Events ). 

In connection with the Deerfield Facility
Agreement, we entered into a registration rights agreement (the  RRA ) with Deerfield and agreed to register, among
other things, shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion and exercise of convertible notes and related common stock warrants.
In accordance with the RRA, we were obligated to file and maintain an effective registration statement until (i) the date when
all shares underlying the convertible notes and related warrants (and any other securities issued or issuable with respect to in
exchange for such shares) had been sold or (ii) at any time following the six month anniversary of the date of issuance, all warrant
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants would be eligible for immediate resale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities
Act. See Note 17    Subsequent Events  for additional details. The RRA was terminated as of the Effective Date. 

Our primary office and warehouse facilities
are located in Gaithersburg, Maryland, and comprise approximately 12,000 square feet. The facilities fall under two leases with
monthly rent, including our share of certain annual operating costs and taxes, at approximately $13,000 and $4,000 per month, respectively,
with each lease expiring in September 2019. In addition, we lease an approximately 2,100 square foot facility in Nashville, Tennessee,
which is being utilized as a commercial operation. The lease is approximately $4,000 per month excluding our share of annual operating
expenses and expires April 30, 2018. We also lease a 16,300 square foot facility located in Durham, North Carolina. This facility
falls under one lease with monthly rent, including our share of certain annual operating costs and taxes, at approximately $20,000
per month with the lease expiring December 31, 2018. As a result of our decision to discontinue direct funding of further clinical
development of the Aldagen technology, the Company ceased use of the facility in Durham, North Carolina on July 31, 2014 and sublet
the facility beginning August 1, 2014. The sublease rent is approximately $13,000 per month and expires December 31, 2018. 

In July 2009, in satisfaction of a Maryland
law pertaining to Wholesale Distributor Permits, we established a Letter of Credit, in the amount of $50,000, naming the Maryland
Board of Pharmacy as the beneficiary. This Letter of Credit serves as security for the performance by us of our obligations under
applicable Maryland law and is collateralized by a Certificate of Deposit maintained at a commercial bank. 

The Company and the MVF agreed to execute
a certain Stock Repurchase Agreement which required us to repurchase the MVF s investment, at MVF s option, upon certain
events outside of our control; provided, however, that in the event that, at the time of either such event our securities were
listed on a national securities exchange, the foregoing repurchase would not be triggered. This Stock Repurchase Agreement was
cancelled in conjunction with the Company s bankruptcy proceedings in 2016. 

Note 17   Subsequent Events  

Restorix Agreement   

On March 22, 2016, the Company entered
into a Collaboration Agreement (the  Collaboration Agreement ) with Restorix Health, Inc., pursuant to which the Company
agreed to provide Restorix with certain limited geographic exclusivity benefits over a defined period of time for the usage of
the Aurix System in up to 30 of the approximately 125 hospital outpatient wound care clinics with which Restorix has a management
contract (the  RXH Partner Hospitals ), in exchange for Restorix making minimum commitments of patients enrolled in
three prospective clinical research studies primarily consisting of patient data collection (the  Protocols ) necessary
to maintain exclusivity under the Collaboration Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement will initially continue for a two-year period,
subject to one or more extensions with the mutual consent of the parties. 

Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement,
the Company agreed to provide: (i) clinical support services by its clinical staff as reasonably agreed between the Company and
Restorix as necessary and appropriate, (ii) reasonable and necessary support regarding certain reimbursement activities, (iii)
coverage of Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) fees and payment to Restorix for certain training costs subject to certain
limitations and (iv) community-focused public relations materials for participating RXH Partner Hospitals to promote the use of
Aurix and participation in the Protocols. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, Restorix agreed to: (i) provide access and support
as reasonably necessary and appropriate at up to 30 RXH Partner Hospitals to identify and enroll patients into the Protocols, including
senior executive level support and leadership to the collaboration and its enrollment goals and (ii) reasonably assist the Company
to correct through a query process, any patient data submitted having incomplete or inaccurate data fields. 

F- 32  

Subject to the satisfaction of certain
conditions, during the term of the Collaboration Agreement: (i) Restorix will have site specific geographic exclusivity for usage
of Aurix in connection with treatment of patients in the Protocols within a 30 mile radius of each RXH Partner Hospital, and (ii)
other than with respect to existing CED sites, the Company will not provide corporate exclusivity with any other wound management
company operating in excess of 19 wound care facilities for any similar arrangement. 

Under the Collaboration Agreement, the
Company will pay Restorix or the RXH Partner Hospital, as the case may be, a per patient data collection (administrative) fee upon
full completion and delivery of a patient data set. In addition, the Company is responsible to pay for any IRB fees necessary to
conduct the Protocols and enroll patients, and to pay Restorix a training cost stipend per site. Each RXH Partner Hospital will
pay the Company the then current product price ($700 in 2016, and no greater than $750 in the remainder of the initial term) as
set forth in the Collaboration Agreement. 

The Collaboration Agreement may be terminated
by either party for a material breach, subject to a 60 day cure period. The Agreement is further subject to certain covenants regarding
confidentiality, assignment, indemnification and limitations on liability, as well as certain representations and warranties of
the parties. 

Bankruptcy and Emergence from Bankruptcy 

Overview  

On January 26, 2016, the Company filed
a voluntary petition in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court ) seeking
relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ), which is administered under
the caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case No. 16-10192 (MFW) (the  Chapter 11 Case ). 

On April 25, 2016 (the  Confirmation
Date ), the Bankruptcy Court entered an Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s
Plan of Reorganization (the  Confirmation Order ), which confirmed the Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization
of the Debtor under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (as confirmed, the  Plan  or  Plan of Reorganization ). 

Scenario A contemplated by the Plan became
effective on May 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ).  Pursuant to the Plan, as of the Effective Date (i) all equity
interests of the Company, including but not limited to all shares of the Company s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
(including its redeemable common stock)(the  Old Common Stock ), warrants and options, that were issuable or issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Date, were cancelled, (ii) the Company s certificate of incorporation
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date was amended and restated in its entirety, (iii) the Company s by-laws in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Date were amended and restated in their entirety, and (iv) the Company issued New Common
Stock, Warrants and Series A Preferred Stock (all as defined below).  Under the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, the Company has the authority to issue a total of 32,500,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of: (i) 31,500,000
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the  New Common Stock ) and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, which will have such rights, powers and preferences as the board of directors of the Company (the
 Board of Directors ) shall determine. 

Common Stock  

Recapitalization   

In accordance with the Plan, as of the
Effective Date, the Company issued 7,500,000 shares (the  Recapitalization Shares ) of New Common Stock to certain
accredited investors (the  Recapitalization Investors ) for gross cash proceeds of $7,300,000 and net cash to the Company
of $7,052,500 (the  Recapitalization Financing ).  200,000 of the 7,500,000 shares of New Common Stock were issued
in partial payment of an advisory fee.  The net cash amount excludes the effect of $100,000 in offering expenses paid from
the proceeds of the DIP Financing, which was converted into Series A Preferred Stock as of the Effective Date. As part of the Recapitalization
Financing, the Company also issued warrants to purchase 6,180,000 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Recapitalization
Investors (the  Warrants ). The Warrants terminate on May 5, 2021 and are exercisable at any time on or after November
5, 2016 at exercise prices ranging from $0.50 per share to $1.00 per share.  The number of shares of New Common Stock underlying
a Warrant and its exercise price are subject to customary adjustments upon subdivisions, combinations, payment of stock dividends,
reclassifications, reorganizations and consolidations.  

A significant majority of the Recapitalization
Investors executed backstop commitments to purchase up to 12,800,000 additional shares of New Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of up to $3,000,000 (collectively, the  Backstop Commitment). The Company cannot call the Backstop Commitment prior
to June 30, 2017.  

F- 33  

With respect to each Recapitalization Investor
who executed a Backstop Commitment, the commitment terminates on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company receives net
proceeds (after deducting all costs, expenses and commissions) from the sale of New Common Stock in the aggregate amount of the
Backstop Commitment, (ii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) have been redeemed by the Company
or (iii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are no longer owned by entities affiliated with Deerfield Mgmt, L.P.,
Deerfield Management Company, L.P., Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P., and Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P.  ( Termination
Date ). Under the terms of the Backstop Commitment, the Company is obligated to pay to the committed Recapitalization Investors
upon the Termination Date a commitment fee of $250,000 in the aggregate. 

As of the Effective Date, the Company entered
into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the Recapitalization Investors. 
The Registration Rights Agreement provides certain resale registration rights to the Recapitalization Investors with respect to
securities received in the Recapitalization Financing.  Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed
to use its best efforts to prepare and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a  shelf  registration
statement covering the resale of the shares of New Common Stock issued to the Recapitalization Investors on the Effective Date. 

Issuance of New
Common Stock to Holders of Old Common Stock   

Under the Plan, the Company committed to
the issuance of up to 3,000,000 shares of New Common Stock and subsequently issued 2,264,612 shares of New Common Stock (the  Exchange
Shares ) to record holders of the Old Common Stock as of March 28, 2016 who executed and timely delivered the required release
documents no later than July 5, 2016 in accordance with the Confirmation Order and the Plan.  The holders of Old Common Stock
who executed and timely delivered the required release documents are referred to as the  Releasing Holders.  

The 2,264,612 Exchange Shares were issued
as of the Effective Date to Releasing Holders who asserted ownership of a number of shares of Old Common Stock that matched the
Company s records or could otherwise be confirmed, at a rate of one share of New Common Stock for every 41.8934 shares of
Old Common Stock held by such holders as of March 28, 2016.  In accordance with the Plan, if the calculation would otherwise
have resulted in the issuance to any Releasing Holder of a number of shares of New Common Stock that is not a whole number, then
the number of shares actually issued to such Releasing Holder was determined by rounding down to the nearest number. 

Issuance of Shares
in Exchange for Administrative Claims   

As of June 20, 2016, the Company issued
162,500 shares of New Common Stock (the  Administrative Claim Shares ) pursuant to the Order Granting Application of
the Ad Hoc Equity Committee Pursuant to 11 U.S.C.    503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) for Allowance of Fees and Expenses Incurred
in Making a Substantial Contribution, entered by the Bankruptcy Court on June 20, 2016.   The Administrative Claim Shares
were issued to holders of administrative claims under sections 503(b)(3)(D) and 503(b)(4) of the Bankruptcy Code. Of the 162,500
shares, 100,000 shares were issued to outside counsel to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee of the Company s equity holders as compensation
of all remaining allowed fees for legal services provided by such counsel, and 62,500 were issued to designees of the Ad Hoc Equity Committee who had granted loans in an aggregate amount of $62,500 to the Ad Hoc Equity Committee in December 2015 as repayment of such loans. 

Series A Preferred Stock  

On the Effective Date, the Company filed
a Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Certificate of Designations ) with the Delaware Secretary
of State, designating 29,038 shares of the Company s undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, as Series
A Preferred Stock (the  Series A Preferred Stock ). On the Effective Date, the Company issued 29,038 shares of Preferred
Stock to the Deerfield Lenders in accordance with the Plan pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act provided by Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Deerfield Lenders did not receive any shares of New Common
Stock or other equity interests in the Company. 

The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated
maturity date, is not convertible or redeemable and carries a liquidation preference of $29,038,000, which is required to be paid
to holders of such Series A Preferred Stock before any payments are made with respect to shares of New Common Stock (and other
capital stock that is not issued on parity or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock) upon a liquidation or change in control transaction. 
For so long as Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock have the right to nominate and
elect one member of the board of directors of the Company (the  Board of Directors ) and to have such director serve
on a standing committee of the Board of Directors established to exercise powers of the Board of Directors in respect of decisions
or actions relating to the Backstop Commitment.   Lawrence Atinsky serves as the designee of the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock.  The Series A Preferred Stock have voting rights, voting with the New Common Stock as a single class, representing
approximately one percent (1%) of the voting rights of the capital stock of the Company, and the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock have the right to approve certain transactions and incurrences of debt. The Certificate of Designations limits the Company s
ability to pay dividends on or purchase shares of its capital stock. 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement;
Transition Services Agreement  

Pursuant to the Plan, on May 5, 2016, the
Company entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), the designee of
the Deerfield Lenders to assign to the Assignee the Company s rights, title and interest in and to its existing license agreement
with Arthrex, and to transfer and assign to the Assignee associated intellectual property owned by the Company and licensed thereunder,
as well as rights to collect royalty payments thereunder. As a result, the Aurix System currently represents the Company s
only commercial product offering. 

F- 34  

The assignment and transfer was effected
in exchange for a reduction of $15,000,000 in the amount of the allowed claim of the Deerfield Lenders pursuant to the Plan. On
the Effective Date, the Company and the Assignee entered into a Transition Services Agreement in which the Company agreed to continue
to service the Arthrex Agreement for a transition period. 

Termination of Deerfield Facility Agreement  

On the Effective Date, the obligations
of the Company under the Deerfield Facility Agreement and under the DIP Credit Agreement were cancelled in accordance with the
Plan of Reorganization and the Company ceased to have any obligations thereunder. 

DIP Financing  

In connection with the Chapter 11 Case, on January 28, 2016,
the Bankruptcy Court entered an interim order approving the Company's debtor-in-possession financing ( DIP Financing )
pursuant to terms set forth in a senior secured, superpriority debtor-in-possession credit agreement (the  DIP Credit Agreement ),
dated as of January 28, 2016, by and among the Company, as borrower, each lender from time to time party to the DIP Credit Agreement,
including, but not limited to Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., Deerfield Private Design International II, L.P., and Deerfield
Special Situations Fund, L.P. (collectively, the  Deerfield Lenders ) and Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., as administrative agent
(the  DIP Agent ) for the Deerfield Lenders. The Deerfield Lenders comprised 100% of the lenders under the then-existing
facility agreement by and among the Company and the Deerfield Lenders, entered into as of March 31, 2014, as amended (the  Deerfield
Facility Agreement ). 

On March 9, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court
approved on a final basis the Company's motion for approval of the DIP Credit Agreement and use of cash collateral, and approved
a Waiver and First Amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement (the  Waiver and First Amendment ) with the Deerfield Lenders
and DIP Agent, pursuant to which the DIP Credit Agreement was approved to include certain amendments, including to set forth the
material terms of the proposed restructuring of the prepetition and post-petition secured debt, unsecured debt and equity interests
of the Company, the terms of which were eventually effected pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (as defined below). The Waiver
and First Amendment provided for senior secured loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $6,000,000 in post-petition financing
(collectively, the  DIP Loans ). In accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, as of the Effective Date, the DIP Credit
Agreement was terminated. 

Equity Awards   

In July 2016, the Board of Directors approved,
and in August 2016 it amended, the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the  2016 Omnibus Plan ),
which remains subject to approval by the Company s stockholders. In July and August 2016, the Board of Directors granted
options to purchase an aggregate of 1,362,500 shares of New Common Stock to certain of the Company s management, employees
and directors, subject to approval of the 2016 Omnibus Plan by the Company s stockholders, of which 105,000 options have been
forfeited since their grant date. 

Boyalife Distribution Agreement   

Effective as of May 5, 2016, the Company
and Boyalife Hong Kong Ltd. ( Boyalife ), an entity affiliated with the Company s significant shareholder, Boyalife
Investment Fund I, Inc., entered into an Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement (the  Boyalife Distribution Agreement )
with an initial term of five years, unless the agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.  Under this agreement,
Boyalife received a non-transferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense, to use certain of the Company s
intellectual property relating to its Aurix System for the purposes and in the territory specified below.  Under the agreement,
Boyalife is entitled to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute the Aurix Products in greater China (China,
Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau) for all regenerative medicine applications, including but not limited to wound care and topical dermatology
applications in human and veterinary medicine.   Aurix Products  are defined as the combination of devices to
produce a wound dressing from the patient s blood - as of May 5, 2016 consisting of centrifuge, wound dressing kit and reagent
kit.  Under the Boyalife Distribution Agreement, Boyalife is obligated to pay the Company (a) $500,000 within 90 days of approval
of the Aurix Products by the China Food and Drug Administration ( CFDA ), but no earlier than December 31, 2018, and
(b) a distribution fee per wound dressing kit and reagent kit of $40, payable quarterly, subject to an agreement by the parties
to discuss in good faith the appropriate distribution fee if the pricing of such kits exceeds the current general pricing in greater
China.   Under the agreement, Boyalife is entitled, with the Company s approval (not to be unreasonably withheld
or delayed) to procure devices from a third party in order to assemble them with devices supplied by the Company to make the Aurix
Products.  Boyalife also has a right of first refusal with respect to the Aurix Products in specified countries in the Asia
Pacific region excluding Japan and India, exercisable in exchange for a payment of no greater than $250,000 in the aggregate. 
If Boyalife files a new patent application for a new invention relating to wound dressings, the Aurix Products or the Company s
technology, Boyalife will grant the Company a free, non-exclusive license to use such patent application outside greater China
during the term of the Boyalife Distribution Agreement. 

Three Party Letter Agreement Among Nuo, Arthrex and Deerfield   

On October 20, 2016, the Company entered into a letter agreement
(the  Three Party Letter Agreement ) with Arthrex and Deerfield SS, LLC (the  Assignee ), which extends
the transition period under the Transition Services Agreement through January 15, 2017. Under the terms of the Three Party Letter
Agreement, subject to Arthrex making a payment of $201,200 to the Company on October 28, 2016, (a) the Company has sold, conveyed,
transferred and assigned to Arthrex its title and interest in the Company s inventory of Angel products (including spare
parts therefor) and production equipment, and (b) the Assignee is obligated to make three equal payments of $33,333.33 each to
the Company as consideration for the extension of the transition period. Under the terms of the Three Party Letter Agreement, the
Company will have no further obligations under the Transition Services Agreement or the Amended Arthrex Agreement after January
15, 2017. The agreement contains a full and irrevocable release of Arthrex by the Company with respect to any actions, claims or
other liabilities for payments of Royalty (as defined in the Amended Arthrex Agreement) owed to the Company based on sales of Angel
products occurring on or before June 30, 2016, and a full and irrevocable release of the Company and the Assignee by Arthrex with
respect to any actions, claims or other liabilities arising under the Amended Arthrex Agreement as of the date of the Three Party
Letter Agreement. Neither Arthrex nor the Assignee assumed any liabilities or obligations of the Company in connection with the
Three Party Letter Agreement. 

F- 35  

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.   

Date: October 21, 2016  
       
      By:  
       /s/ David E. Jorden    

David E. Jorden   

Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer and 
         Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:   October 21, 2016  
       
       /s/ David E. Jorden    

David E. Jorden   

Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer and 
         Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Date:  October 21, 2016  
       
       /s/ Joseph Del Guercio    

Joseph Del Guercio   

Chairman of the Board   

Date:  October 21, 2016  
       
       /s/ C. Eric Winzer    

C. Eric Winzer   

Director   

Date:  October  21, 2016  
       
       /s/ Scott M. Pittman    

Scott M. Pittman   

Director   

Date:  October 21, 2016  
       
       /s/ Lawrence S. Atinsky    

Lawrence S. Atinsky   

Director   

Signed originals of this written statement
have been provided to Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and will be retained by Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and furnished to the SEC or its staff
upon request. 

EXHIBIT INDEX   

The representations and
warranties contained in the agreements listed in this Exhibit Index are not for the benefit of any party other than the parties
to such agreement and are not intended as a document for investors or the public generally to obtain factual information about
the Company or its shares of common stock.   

Number   
       
       Exhibit Table    

2.1  
       
      Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Sorin, Cytomedix Acquisition Company and Cytomedix, dated as of April 9, 2010 (previously filed on April 12, 2010 as exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File no. 001-32518 and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      2.2  
       
      Exchange and Purchase Agreement by and among  Cytomedix, Aldagen, Inc., a Delaware corporation and Aldagen Holdings, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, dated February 8, 2012 (previously filed on February 9, 2012 as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).    
 
      2.3  
       
      Second Amendment to the Exchange and Purchase Agreement (Aldagen), dated November 11, 2014 (previously filed on November 13, 2014, as exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      2.4  
       
      Modified First Amended Plan of Reorganization of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (previously filed on April 28, 2016 as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      2.5  
       
      Order Granting Final Approval of Disclosure Statement and Confirming Debtor s Plan of Reorganization (previously filed on April 28, 2016 as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      3.1  
       
      Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      3.2  
       
      Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      3.3  
       
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A and incorporated by reference herein).  
 
      4.1  
       
      Form of Warrant (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.1  
       
      2002 Long Term Incentive Plan* (previously filed February 26, 2007 as Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.2  
       
      2013 Equity Incentive Plan* (previously filed November 12, 2013 as Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.3  
       
      2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (subject to approval by the Company s stockholders) (filed herewith).*   
 
      10.4  
       
      Form of Settlement Agreement dated as of April 28, 2011 (previously filed on May 16, 2011 as exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-32518, and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.5  
       
      Lyle A. Hohnke Agreement dated February 8, 2012 (previously filed on February 9, 2012 as Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).*    
 
      10.6  
       
      Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement (previously filed on February 20, 2013 as exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.7  
       
      Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement (previously filed on February 20, 2013 as exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.8  
       
      Form of Investor Securities Purchase Agreement (previously filed on February 20, 2013 as exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.9  
       
      Credit and Security Agreement (previously filed on February 20, 2013 as exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.10  
       
      Shallcross Employment Letter dated March 30, 2013 (previously filed on May 9, 2013 as exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.11  
       
      Amendment to the Lincoln Park Capital Purchase Agreement (previously filed on June 11, 2013 as exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.12  
       
      Distributor and License Agreement with Arthrex dated August 7, 2013 (previously filed on November 12, 2013 as exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.13  
       
      Consent and First Amendment to Security Agreement dated August 7, 2013 (previously filed on November 12, 2013 as exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.14  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement (previously filed on November 27, 2013 as exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.15  
       
      Form of Registration Rights Agreement (previously filed on November 27, 2013 as exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.16  
       
      First Amendment No. 1 to Subscription Agreement dated December 3, 2013 (previously filed on December 3, 2013 as exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   

10.17   
       
      Deerfield Facility Agreement, dated March 31, 2014 (previously filed on March 31, 2014, as exhibit to Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.18  
       
      Guaranty and Security Agreement with Deerfield, among others, dated March 31, 2014 (previously filed on March 31, 2014, as exhibit to Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.19  
       
      Registration Rights Agreement dated March 31, 2014 (previously filed on March 31, 2014, as exhibit to Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.20  
       
      Subscription Agreement with Anson Investment Master Fund LP dated March 31, 2014 (previously filed on April 7, 2014, as exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.21   
       
      Registration Rights Agreement dated March 31, 2014 (previously filed on April 7, 2014, as exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.22   
       
      Martin P. Rosendale Employment Agreement dated May 14, 2014 (previously filed on May 15, 2014, as exhibit to Annual Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.23   
       
      Employment Agreement for S. Shallcross dated as of May 30, 2014 (previously filed on May 30, 2014, as exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.24   
       
      Employment Agreement for D. Tozer dated as of May 30, 2014 (previously filed on May 30, 2014, as exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.25   
       
      Employment Agreement for P. Clausen dated as of as of May 30, 2014 (previously filed on May 30, 2014, as exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.26   
       
      First Amendment to the Deerfield Facility Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement dated as of June 25, 2014 (previously filed on July 1, 2014 as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated herein by reference)   
 
      10.27   
       
      Amendment to Employment Agreement for M. Rosendale (previously filed on July 18, 2014, as exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K/A and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.28   
       
      Amendment to Employment Agreement for S. Shallcross (previously filed on July 18, 2014, as exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K/A and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.29   
       
      Amendment to Employment Agreement for D. Tozer (previously filed on July 18, 2014, as exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K/A and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.30   
       
      Amendment to Employment Agreement for P. Clausen (previously filed on July 18, 2014, as exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K/A and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.31  
       
       Form Indemnification Agreement (previously filed on November 13, 2014, as exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.32  
       
      Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2014, between Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and Rohto Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Filed herewith).   
 
      10.33  
       
      Amendment No. 5 to Licensing and Distribution Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2014, by and between Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and Millennia Holdings, Inc.  (Filed herewith).    
 
      10.34  
       
      Amended and Restated License Agreement with Arthrex dated October 16, 2015 (previously filed on November 13, 2015 as Exhibit 10.78 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.35  
       
      Separation Agreement, dated August 13, 2015, with Martin P. Rosendale (previously filed on November 13, 2015 as Exhibit 10.76 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.36  
       
      Amendment No. 2, dated August 13, 2015,  to Employment Agreement with Dean Tozer (previously filed on November 13, 2015 as Exhibit 10.77 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference herein).*   
 
      10.37  
       
      Senior Secured, Superpriority Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2016, among Nuo Therapeutics, Inc., Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto (previously filed on February 1, 2016 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.38  
       
      Waiver and First Amendment, dated as of March 9, 2016, to Senior Secured, Superpriority Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement (previously filed on March 11, 2016 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.39  
       
      Collaboration Agreement, dated March 22, 2016, by and between Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and Restorix Health, Inc. and related Acknowledgement and Waiver (Filed herewith).   
 
      10.40  
       
      Separation (Settlement) Agreement, dated April 15, 2016, with Dean Tozer. (Filed herewith).   
 
      10.41  
       
      Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2016, between Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and Boyalife Hong Kong Ltd. (Filed herewith)   
 
      10.42  
       
      Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2016, by and between Nuo Therapeutics, Inc., and Deerfield SS, LLC. (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.43  
       
      Transition Services Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2016, by and between Deerfield SS, LLC and Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.44  
       
      Form of Registration Rights Agreement between Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and the stockholders listed on Schedule I thereto (previously filed on May 10, 2016 as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein).   
 
      10.45  
       
      Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and the subscriber signatory thereto.  (Filed herewith.)   

10.46  
       
      Form of Backstop Commitment. (Filed herewith).   
 
     10.47 
       
     Letter Agreement, dated October 20, 2016, between the Company, Arthrex, Inc. and Deerfield SS,
    LLC (Filed herewith).  
 
      21.1   
       
      Subsidiaries of the Company (Filed herewith).   
 
      31   
       
      Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith)   
 
      32   
       
      Certificate of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.ss.1350. (Furnished herewith)   
 
      (101)  
       
      The following financial statements from the Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, formatted in Extensive Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Filed herewith).   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

*    Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 v446039_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
PLAN 

 (As amended and restated by the Board
of Directors on August 4, 2016, 

 subject to approval by the Company s
shareholders) 

Article 1. 
Effective Date, Objectives and Duration 

1.1        Effective Date of the Plan .   
NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), adopted this 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan
(the  Plan ) on July 1, 2016, subject to approval by the Company s shareholders. The terms of the Plan are set
forth herein. 

1.2        Objectives of the Plan .    The
Plan is intended (a) to allow selected employees of and consultants to the Company and its Subsidiaries to acquire or increase
equity ownership in the Company, thereby strengthening their commitment to the success of the Company and stimulating their efforts
on behalf of the Company, and to assist the Company and its Subsidiaries in attracting new employees, officers and consultants
and retaining existing employees and consultants, (b) to provide annual cash incentive compensation opportunities that are competitive
with those of other peer corporations, (c) to optimize the profitability and growth of the Company and its Subsidiaries through
incentives which are consistent with the Company s goals, (d) to provide Grantees with an incentive for excellence in individual
performance, (e) to promote teamwork among employees, consultants and Non-Employee Directors, and (f) to attract and retain highly
qualified persons to serve as Non-Employee Directors and to promote ownership by such Non-Employee Directors of a greater proprietary
interest in the Company, thereby aligning such Non-Employee Directors  interests more closely with the interests of the
Company s shareholders. 

1.3        Duration
of the Plan .   The Plan shall commence on July 1, 2016 (the  Effective Date ) and shall remain in effect, subject
to the right of the Board of Directors of the Company ( Board ) to amend or terminate the Plan at any time pursuant
to Article 16 hereof, until the earlier of July 1, 2026, or the date all Shares subject to the Plan shall have been purchased
or acquired and the restrictions on all Restricted Shares granted under the Plan shall have lapsed, according to the Plan s
provisions. 

Article 2. 
Definitions 

Whenever used in the
Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

2.1         Affiliate  
means any corporation or other entity, including but not limited to partnerships, limited liability companies and joint
ventures, with respect to which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns as applicable (a) stock possessing more than fifty
percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote, or more than fifty percent (50%)
of the total value of all shares of all classes of stock of such corporation, or (b) an aggregate of more than fifty percent
(50%) of the profits interest or capital interest of a non-corporate entity. 

2.2         Award  
means Options (including non-qualified options and Incentive Stock Options), SARs, Restricted Shares, Performance Units
(which may be paid in cash), Performance Shares, Deferred Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Dividend Equivalents, Bonus Shares,
Cash Incentive Awards or Other Stock-Based Awards granted under the Plan. 

2.3         Award
Agreement   means either (a) a written agreement entered into by the Company and a Grantee setting forth the terms
and provisions applicable to an Award granted under this Plan, or (b) a written statement issued by the Company to a Grantee
describing the terms and provisions of such Award, including any amendment or modification thereof. The Committee may provide
for the use of electronic, internet or other non-paper Award Agreements and the use of electronic, internet or other
non-paper means for the acceptance thereof and actions thereunder by the Grantee. 

2.4         Board  
means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.5         Bonus
Shares   means Shares that are awarded to a Grantee with or without cost and without restrictions either in
recognition of past performance (whether determined by reference to another employee benefit plan of the Company or
otherwise), as an inducement to become an Eligible Person or, with the consent of the Grantee, as payment in lieu of any cash
remuneration otherwise payable to the Grantee. 

2.6         Cash
Incentive Award   means an Award granted under Article 15 of the Plan. 

2.7         CEO  
means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

2.8         Code  
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. References to a particular section of the Code include
references to regulations and rulings thereunder and to successor provisions. 

2.9         Committee  
or   Incentive Plan Committee   has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a). 

2.10       Compensation
Committee   means the compensation committee of the Board. 

2.11       Covered
Employee   means a Grantee who, as of the last day of the fiscal year in which the value of an Award is recognizable
as income for federal income tax purposes, is a  covered employee,  within the meaning of Code Section 162(m),
with respect to the Company. 

2.12       Deferred
Stock   means a right, granted under Article 10, to receive Shares at the end of a specified deferral period. 

2.13       Disability  
or   Disabled   means, unless otherwise defined in an Award Agreement, or as otherwise determined under
procedures established by the Committee for purposes of the Plan: 

(a)        Except
as provided in (b) below, a disability within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code; and 

(b)        In
the case of any Award that constitutes deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, a disability as defined
in regulations under Code Section 409A. For purpose of Code Section 409A, a Grantee will be considered Disabled if: 

(i)       the
Grantee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment
which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months,
or 

(ii)       the
Grantee is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can
be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period
of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Grantee s employer. 

2.14       Dividend
Equivalent   means a right to receive payments equal to dividends or property, if and when paid or distributed, on a
specified number of Shares. 

2.15       Effective
Date   has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. 

2.16       Eligible
Person   means any employee (including any officer) of, or non-employee consultant to, or Non-Employee Director of,
the Company or any Affiliate, or potential employee (including a potential officer) of, or non-employee consultant to, the
Company or an Affiliate; provided, however, that solely with respect to the grant of an Incentive Stock Option, an Eligible
Person shall be any employee (including any officer) of the Company or any Subsidiary Corporation. Solely for purposes of
Section 5.6(b), current or former employees or non-employee directors of, or consultants to, of an Acquired Entity who
receive Substitute Awards in substitution for Acquired Entity Awards shall be considered Eligible Persons under this Plan
with respect to such Substitute Awards. 

2.17       Exchange
Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. References to a particular section of
the Exchange Act include references to successor provisions. 

2.18       Exercise
Price   means (a) with respect to an Option, the price at which a Share may be purchased by a Grantee pursuant to
such Option or (b) with respect to an SAR, the price established at the time an SAR is granted pursuant to Article 7, which
is used to determine the amount, if any, of the payment due to a Grantee upon exercise the SAR. 

2.19       Fair
Market Value   means a price that is based on the opening, closing, actual, high, low, or the arithmetic mean of
selling prices of a Share reported on the NASDAQ Global Market ( NASDAQ ), or if not the NASDAQ, on the
established stock exchange which is the principal exchange upon which the Shares are traded on the applicable date or the
preceding trading day. Unless the Committee determines otherwise, if the Shares are traded over the counter at the time a
determination of its Fair Market Value is required to be made hereunder, Fair Market Value shall be deemed to be equal to the
arithmetic mean between the reported high and low or closing bid and asked prices of a Share on the applicable date, or if no
such trades were made that day then the most recent date on which Shares were publicly traded. In the event Shares are not
publicly traded at the time a determination of their value is required to be made hereunder, the determination of their Fair
Market Value shall be made by the Committee in such manner as it deems appropriate provided such manner is consistent with
Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iv)(B). 

2.20       Grant
Date   means the date on which an Award is granted or such later date as specified in advance by the Committee. 

2.21       Grantee  
means a person who has been granted an Award. 

2.22       Incentive
Stock Option   means an Option that is intended to meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. 

2.23       Including  
or   includes   means  including, without limitation,  or  includes, without
limitation,  respectively. 

2.24       Management
Committee   has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b). 

2.25       Non-Employee
Director   means a member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company or any Affiliate. 

2.26       Option  
means an option granted under Article 6 of the Plan. 

2.27       Other
Stock-Based Award   means a right, granted under Article 13 hereof, that relates to or is valued by reference to
Shares or other Awards relating to Shares. 

2.28       Performance-Based
Exception   means the performance-based exception from the tax deductibility limitations of Code Section 162(m)
contained in Code Section 162(m)(4)(C) (including the special provisions for options thereunder). No Award (other than Stock
Options, SARs and Restricted Shares granted during the Section 162(m) Transition Period) granted after the Company becomes
Publicly Held shall satisfy the Performance-Based Exception unless such Award is granted after the shareholders have approved
the material terms of this Plan (including the provisions of Section 4.3 and 4.4) after the Company becomes Publicly Held.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Plan shall be construed to mean that an Award which does not satisfy the
requirements for performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m) does not constitute performance-based compensation
for other purposes, including Code Section 409A. 

2.29       Performance
Measures   has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4. 

2.30       Performance
Period   means the time period during which performance goals must be met. 

2.31       Performance
Share   and   Performance Unit   have the respective meanings set forth in Article 9. 

2.32       Period
of Restriction   means the period during which Restricted Shares are subject to forfeiture if the conditions
specified in the Award Agreement are not satisfied. 

2.33       Person  
means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated
organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, entity or government instrumentality,
division, agency, body or department. 

2.34       Publicly
Held   has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3. 

2.35       Restricted
Shares   means Shares, granted under Article 8, that are both subject to forfeiture and are nontransferable if the
Grantee does not satisfy the conditions specified in the Award Agreement applicable to such Shares. 

2.36       Restricted
Stock Units   are rights, granted under Article 10, to receive Shares if the Grantee satisfies the conditions
specified in the Award Agreement applicable to such rights. 

2.37       Rule
16b-3   means Rule 16b-3 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, as amended from time to time, together with
any successor rule. 

2.38       SEC  
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or any successor thereto. 

2.39       Section
16 Non-Employee Director   means a member of the Board who satisfies the requirements to qualify as a
 non-employee director  under Rule 16b-3. 

2.40       Section
16 Person   means a person who is subject to potential liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act with
respect to transactions involving equity securities of the Company. 

2.41       Section
162(m) Transition Period   means the transition period commencing on the date the Company becomes Publicly Held and
ending on the earliest of: (a) the first material modification of the Plan (including any increase in the number of shares
reserved for issuance under the Plan in accordance with Section 4.1) after the Company becomes Publicly Held; (b) the
issuance of all of the Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan; (c) the expiration of the Plan; (d) the first meeting of
shareholders at which members of the Board are to be elected that occurs after the close of the third calendar year following
the calendar year in which the Company becomes Publicly Held pursuant to an initial public offering of any class of the
Company s common equity securities; or (e) if the Company becomes Publicly Held without an initial public offering of
any class of its common equity securities, the first calendar year following the calendar year in which the Company becomes
Publicly Held. 

2.42       Separation
from Service   means, with respect to any Award that constitutes deferred compensation within the meaning of Code
Section 409A, a  separation from service  as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). For this
purpose, a  separation from service  is deemed to occur on the date that the Company and the Grantee reasonably
anticipate that the level of bona fide services the Grantee would perform for the Company and/or any Affiliates after that
date (whether as an employee, Non-Employee Director or consultant or independent contractor) would permanently decrease to a
level that, based on the facts and circumstances, would constitute a separation from service; provided that a decrease to a
level that is 50% or more of the average level of bona fide services provided over the prior 36 months shall not be a
separation from service, and a decrease to a level that is 20% or less of the average level of such bona fide services shall
be a separation from service. The Committee retains the right and discretion to specify, and may specify, whether a
separation from service occurs for individuals providing services to the Company or an Affiliate immediately prior to an
asset purchase transaction in which the Company or an Affiliate is the seller who provide services to a buyer after and in
connection with such asset purchase transaction; provided, such specification is made in accordance with the requirements of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(4). 

2.43       Share  
means a share of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company and such other securities of the Company, as may
be substituted or resubstituted for Shares pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof. 

2.44       Stock
Appreciation Right   or   SAR   means an Award granted under Article 7 of the Plan. 

2.45       Subsidiary
Corporation   means a corporation other than the Company in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the
Company if, at the time of granting the Option, each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken
chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other
corporations in such chain. 

2.46       Surviving
Company   means the surviving corporation in any merger or consolidation, involving the Company, including the
Company if the Company is the surviving corporation, or the direct or indirect parent company of the Company or such
surviving corporation following a sale of substantially all of the outstanding stock of the Company. 

2.47       Term  
of any Option or SAR means the period beginning on the Grant Date of an Option or SAR and ending on the date such Option or
SAR expires, terminates or is cancelled. No Option or SAR granted under this Plan shall have a Term exceeding 10 years. 

2.48       Termination
of Affiliation   occurs on the first day on which an individual is for any reason no longer providing services to
the Company or any Affiliate in the capacity of an employee, officer or consultant or with respect to an individual who is an
employee or officer of or a consultant to an Affiliate, the first day on which such entity ceases to be an Affiliate of the
Company; provided, however, that if an Award constitutes deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A,
Termination of Affiliation with respect to such Award shall mean the Grantee s Separation from Service. 

Article 3. 
Administration 

3.1        Committee.  

(a)       
Subject to Article 14, and to Section 3.2, the Plan shall be administered by a Committee (the  Incentive Plan
Committee  or the  Committee ) appointed by the Board from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
either the Board or the Compensation Committee may at any time and in one or more instances reserve administrative powers to
itself as the Committee or exercise any of the administrative powers of the Committee. To the extent the Board or
Compensation Committee considers it desirable to comply with Rule 16b-3 or meet the Performance-Based Exception, the
Committee shall consist of two or more directors of the Company, all of whom qualify as  outside directors 
within the meaning of Code Section 162(m) and Section 16 Non-Employee Directors. The number of members of the Committee shall
from time to time be increased or decreased, and shall be subject to such conditions, in each case if and to the extent the
Board deems it appropriate to permit transactions in Shares pursuant to the Plan to satisfy such conditions of Rule 16b-3 and
the Performance-Based Exception as then in effect. 

(b)       The
Board or the Compensation Committee may appoint and delegate to another committee ( Management Committee ), or to the
CEO, any or all of the authority of the Board or the Committee, as applicable, with respect to Awards to Grantees other than Grantees
who are executive officers, Non-Employee Directors, or are (or are expected to be) Covered Employees and/or are Section 16 Persons
at the time any such delegated authority is exercised. 

(c)        Unless
the context requires otherwise, any references herein to  Committee  include references to the Incentive Plan Committee,
the Board or the Compensation Committee to the extent the Incentive Plan Committee, the Board or the Compensation Committee, as
applicable, has assumed or exercises administrative powers itself as the Committee pursuant to subsection (a), and to the Management
Committee or the CEO to the extent either has been delegated authority pursuant to subsection (b), as applicable; provided that
(i) for purposes of Awards to Non-Employee Directors,  Committee  shall include only the full Board, and (ii) for purposes
of Awards intended to comply with Rule 16b-3 or meet the Performance-Based Exception,  Committee  shall include only
the Incentive Plan Committee or the Compensation Committee. 

3.2        Powers
of Committee .  Subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan (including Article 14), the Committee has full and
final authority and sole discretion as follows; provided that any such authority or discretion exercised with respect to a specific
Non-Employee Director shall be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board, even if not a quorum,
but excluding the Non-Employee Director with respect to whom such authority or discretion is exercised: 

(a)        to
determine when, to whom and in what types and amounts Awards should be granted; 

(b)        to
grant Awards to Eligible Persons in any number and to determine the terms and conditions applicable to each Award (including the
number of Shares or the amount of cash or other property to which an Award will relate, any Exercise Price or purchase price, any
limitation or restriction, any schedule for or performance conditions relating to the earning of the Award or the lapse of limitations,
forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on exercisability or transferability, any performance goals including those relating to the
Company and/or an Affiliate and/or any division thereof and/or an individual, and/or vesting based on the passage of time, based
in each case on such considerations as the Committee shall determine); 

(c)        to
determine the benefit payable under any Performance Unit, Performance Share, Dividend Equivalent, Other Stock-Based Award or Cash
Incentive Award and to determine whether any performance or vesting conditions have been satisfied; 

(d)        to
determine whether or not specific Awards shall be granted in connection with other specific Awards, and if so, whether they shall
be exercisable cumulatively with, or alternatively to, such other specific Awards and all other matters to be determined in connection
with an Award; 

(e)        to
determine the Term of any Option or SAR; 

(f)         to
determine the amount, if any, that a Grantee shall pay for Restricted Shares, whether to permit or require the payment of cash
dividends thereon to be deferred and the terms related thereto, when Restricted Shares (including Restricted Shares acquired upon
the exercise of an Option) shall be forfeited and whether such shares shall be held in escrow; 

(g)        to
determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances an Award may be settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may
be paid in, cash, Shares, other Awards or other property, or an Award may be accelerated, vested, canceled, forfeited or surrendered
or any terms of the Award may be waived, and to accelerate the exercisability of, and to accelerate or waive any or all of the
terms and conditions applicable to, any Award or any group of Awards for any reason and at any time; 

(h)        to
determine with respect to Awards granted to Eligible Persons whether, to what extent and under what circumstances cash, Shares,
other Awards, other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award will be deferred, either at the election of the
Grantee or if and to the extent specified in the Award Agreement automatically or at the election of the Committee (whether to
limit loss of deductions pursuant to Code Section 162(m) or otherwise); 

(i)         to
offer to exchange or buy out any previously granted Award for a payment in cash, Shares or other Award; 

(j)         to
construe and interpret the Plan and to make all determinations, including factual determinations, necessary or advisable for the
administration of the Plan; 

(k)        to
make, amend, suspend, waive and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan; 

(l)         to
appoint such agents as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan; 

(m)       to
determine the terms and conditions of all Award Agreements applicable to Eligible Persons (which need not be identical) and, with
the consent of the Grantee, to amend any such Award Agreement at any time, among other things, to permit transfers of such Awards
to the extent permitted by the Plan; provided that the consent of the Grantee shall not be required for any amendment (i) which
does not adversely affect the rights of the Grantee, or (ii) which is necessary or advisable (as determined by the Committee) to
carry out the purpose of the Award as a result of any new applicable law or change in an existing applicable law, or (iii) to the
extent the Award Agreement specifically permits amendment without consent; 

(n)        to
cancel, with the consent of the Grantee, outstanding Awards and to grant new Awards in substitution therefor; 

(o)        to
impose such additional terms and conditions upon the grant, exercise or retention of Awards as the Committee may, before or concurrently
with the grant thereof, deem appropriate, including limiting the percentage of Awards which may from time to time be exercised
by a Grantee; 

(p)        to
make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria in, Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including
events described in Section 4.2) affecting the Company or an Affiliate or the financial statements of the Company or an Affiliate,
or in response to changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles; provided, however, that in no event shall such
adjustment increase the value of an Award for a person expected to be a Covered Employee for whom the Committee desires to have
the Performance-Based Exception apply; 

(q)        to
correct any defect or supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency, and to construe and interpret the Plan, the rules and
regulations, and Award Agreement or any other instrument entered into or relating to an Award under the Plan; and 

(r)         to
take any other action with respect to any matters relating to the Plan for which it is responsible and to make all other decisions
and determinations as may be required under the terms of the Plan or as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable for the administration
of the Plan. 

Any action of the Committee
with respect to the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company, its Affiliates, any Grantee,
any person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Grantee, and shareholders, except to the extent the Committee
may subsequently modify, or take further action not consistent with, its prior action. If not specified in the Plan, the time at
which the Committee must or may make any determination shall be determined by the Committee, and any such determination may thereafter
be modified by the Committee. The express grant of any specific power to the Committee, and the taking of any action by the Committee,
shall not be construed as limiting any power or authority of the Committee. The Committee may delegate to officers or managers
of the Company or any Affiliate the authority, subject to such terms as the Committee shall determine, to perform specified functions
under the Plan (subject to Sections 4.3 and 5.7(c)). 

3.3        No
Repricings .  Notwithstanding any provision in Section 3.2 to the contrary, the terms of any outstanding Option or SAR may not
be amended to reduce the Exercise Price of such Option or SAR or cancel any outstanding Option or SAR in exchange for other Options
or SARs with an Exercise Price that is less than the Exercise Price of the cancelled Option or SAR or for any cash payment (or
Shares having a Fair Market Value) in an amount that exceeds the excess of the Fair Market Value of the Shares underlying such
cancelled Option or SAR over the aggregate Exercise Price of such Option or SAR or for any other Award, without shareholder approval;
provided, however, that the restrictions set forth in this Section 3.3, shall not apply (i) unless the Company has a class of
stock that is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act or (ii) to any adjustment allowed under Section 4.2. 

Article 4. 
Shares Subject to the Plan, Maximum Awards, and 162(m) Compliance 

4.1        Number
of Shares Available for Grants . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.2 and except as provided in Section 5.6(b),
the maximum number of Shares hereby reserved for delivery under the Plan (including Shares previously delivered under this Plan)
shall initially be 1,500,000 Shares, plus an annual increase, to be added on the first day of each fiscal year beginning with
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017, equal to six percent (6%) of the Shares so reserved for delivery under the Plan as of
the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year;  provided ,  however , that the aggregate number of Shares reserved
for delivery pursuant to such increases (including Shares previously delivered under this Plan pursuant to such increases) shall
not exceed a total of 1,000,000 Shares. 

If any Shares subject
to an Award granted hereunder (other than a Substitute Award granted pursuant to Section 5.6.(b)) are forfeited or such Award otherwise
terminates without the delivery of such Shares, the Shares subject to such Award, to the extent of any such forfeiture or termination,
shall again be available for grant under the Plan. For avoidance of doubt, however, if any Shares subject to an Award granted hereunder
are withheld or applied as payment in connection with the exercise of an Award or the withholding or payment of taxes related thereto
( Returned Shares ), such Returned Shares will be treated as having been delivered for purposes of determining the
maximum number of Shares available for grant under the Plan and shall not again be treated as available for grant under the Plan.
Moreover, the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan may not be increased through the Company s purchase
of Shares on the open market with the proceeds obtained from the exercise of any Options granted hereunder. Upon settlement of
an SAR, the number of Shares underlying the portion of the SAR that is exercised will be treated as having been delivered for purposes
of determining the maximum number of Shares available for grant under the Plan and shall not again be treated as available for
grant under the Plan. 

Shares delivered pursuant
to the Plan may be, in whole or in part, authorized and unissued Shares, or treasury Shares, including Shares repurchased by the
Company for purposes of the Plan. 

4.2        Adjustments in Authorized Shares
and Awards; Liquidation, Dissolution or Change of Control.  

(a)         Adjustment
in Authorized Shares and Awards . In the event that the Committee determines that any dividend or other distribution (whether
in the form of cash, Shares, or other property), recapitalization, forward or reverse stock split, subdivision, consolidation or
reduction of capital, reorganization, merger, consolidation, scheme of arrangement, split-up, spin-off or combination involving
the Company or repurchase or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company or other rights to purchase Shares or other
securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event affects the Shares such that any adjustment is determined
by the Committee to be appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to
be made available under the Plan, then the Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of (i) the
number and type of Shares (or other securities or property) with respect to which Awards may be granted, (ii) the number and type
of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards, (iii) the Exercise Price with respect to any Award or,
if deemed appropriate, make provision for a cash payment to the holder of an outstanding Award, and (iv) the number and kind of
Shares of outstanding Restricted Shares, or the Shares underlying any Award of Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock or other
outstanding Share-based Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such adjustment shall be authorized with respect to any Options
or SARs to the extent that such adjustment would cause the Option or SAR (determined as if such Option or SAR was an Incentive
Stock Option) to violate Section 424(a) of the Code or otherwise subject any Grantee to taxation under Section 409A of the Code;
and  provided further  that the number of Shares subject to any Award denominated in Shares shall always be a whole number. 

(b)         Merger,
Consolidation or Similar Corporate Transaction . In the event of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another
corporation or a sale of substantially all of the stock of the Company (a  Corporate Transaction ), unless an outstanding
Award is assumed by the Surviving Company or replaced with an equivalent Award granted by the Surviving Company in substitution
for such outstanding Award, the Committee shall cancel any outstanding Awards that are not vested and nonforfeitable as of the
consummation of such Corporate Transaction (unless the Committee accelerates the vesting of any such Awards) and with respect to
any vested and nonforfeitable Awards, the Committee may either (i) allow all Grantees to exercise such Awards of Options and SARs
within a reasonable period prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction and cancel any outstanding Options or SARs that
remain unexercised upon consummation of the Corporate Transaction, or (ii) cancel any or all of such outstanding Awards in exchange
for a payment (in cash, or in securities or other property) in an amount equal to the amount that the Grantee would have received
(net of the Exercise Price with respect to any Options or SARs) if such vested Awards were settled or distributed or such vested
Options and SARs were exercised immediately prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if an Option or SAR is not assumed by the Surviving Company or replaced with an equivalent Award issued by the Surviving Company
and the Exercise Price with respect to any outstanding Option or SAR exceeds the Fair Market Value of the Shares immediately prior
to the consummation of the Corporation Transaction, such Awards shall be cancelled without any payment to the Grantee. 

(c)          Liquidation
or Dissolution of the Company . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, each Award will terminate
immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action, unless otherwise provided by the Committee. Additionally, the Committee
may, in the exercise of its sole discretion, cause Awards to be vested and non-forfeitable and cause any conditions on any such
Award to lapse, as to all or any part of such Award, including Shares as to which the Award would not otherwise be exercisable
or non-forfeitable and allow all Grantees to exercise such Awards of Options and SARs within a reasonable period prior to the consummation
of such proposed action. Any Awards that remain unexercised upon consummation of such proposed action shall be cancelled. 

(d)         Deferred
Compensation and Awards Intended to Comply With the Performance-Based Exception . Notwithstanding the forgoing provisions of
this Section 4.2, 

(i)          if
an Award (other than an Option or SAR) is intended to comply with the Performance-Based Exception, no payment or settlement of
such Award shall be made pursuant to Section 4.2(b) or (c) until the earlier (i) the consummation of a change of control of the
Company (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) or (ii) the attainment of the Performance Measure(s) upon which
the Award is conditioned as certified by the Committee; and 

(ii)          if
an Award constitutes deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A, no payment or settlement of such Award shall
be made pursuant to Section 4.2(b) or (c), unless the Corporate Transaction or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, as
applicable, constitutes a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in ownership of a substantial portion
of the assets of the Company as described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 

4.3        Compliance with Section 162(m)
of the Code.  

(a)         Section
162(m) Compliance . To the extent the Committee determines that compliance with the Performance-Based Exception is desirable
with respect to an Award, this Section 4.3(a) shall apply. Each Award that is intended to meet the Performance-Based Exception
and is granted to a person the Committee believes is likely to be a Covered Employee at the time such Award is settled shall comply
with the requirements of the Performance-Based Exception; provided, however, that to the extent Code Section 162(m) requires periodic
shareholder approval of performance measures, such approval shall not be required for the continuation of the Plan or as a condition
to grant any Award hereunder after such approval is required. In addition, in the event that changes are made to Code Section 162(m)
to permit flexibility with respect to the Award or Awards available under the Plan, the Committee may, subject to this Section
4.3, make any adjustments to such Awards as it deems appropriate. 

(b)         Annual
Individual Limitations . Except as provided in Section 5.6(b), no Grantee may be granted Awards (other than Awards that cannot
be settled in Shares) with respect to more than 500,000 Shares in a single calendar year, subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 4.2(a). The maximum potential value of Awards to be settled in cash or property (other than Shares) that may be granted
in any calendar year to any Grantee shall not exceed $1,000,000 for all such Awards. 

(c)         Section
162(m) Transition Rules . The foregoing restrictions and limitations set forth in the forgoing provisions of this Section 4.3
shall not apply to any grants made before the Company becomes Publicly Held or to any grant made during the Section 162(m) Transition
Period. The Company will be  Publicly Held  if any class of its common equity securities is required to be registered
under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The determination of whether and when the Company becomes Publicly Held and the deductibility
of Awards granted before the Company becomes Publicly Held will be made in accordance with regulations promulgated under Code Section
162(m). 

4.4        Performance-Based
Exception Under Section 162(m) . Unless and until the Committee proposes for shareholder vote and shareholders approve a change
in the general performance measures set forth in this Section 4.4, for Awards (other than Options or SARs) designed to qualify
for the Performance-Based Exception, the objective Performance Measure(s) shall be chosen from among the following: the attainment
by a Share of a specified Fair Market Value for a specified period of time or within a specified period of time; earnings per
Share; earnings per Share from continuing operations; total shareholder return; return on assets; return on equity; return on
capital; earnings before or after taxes, interest, depreciation, and/or amortization; return on investment; interest expense;
cash flow; cash flow from operations; revenues; sales; costs; assets; debt; expenses; inventory turnover; economic value added;
cost of capital; operating margin; gross margin; net income before or after taxes; operating earnings either before or after interest
expense and either before or after incentives or asset impairments; attainment of cost reduction goals; revenue per customer;
customer turnover rate; asset impairments; financing costs; capital expenditures; working capital; strategic business criteria,
consisting of one or more objectives based on meeting specified revenue, market penetration, geographic business expansion goals,
objectively identified project milestones, production volume levels, cost targets, and goals relating to acquisitions or divestitures;
customer satisfaction, aggregate product price and other product price measures; safety record; service reliability; debt rating;
and achievement of business and operational goals, such as market share, new products, and/or business development. Any applicable
Performance Measure may be applied on a pre- or post-tax basis. The Committee may, on the Grant Date of an Award intended to comply
with the Performance-Based Exception, and in the case of other grants, at any time, provide that the formula for such Award may
include or exclude items to measure specific objectives, such as losses from discontinued operations, extraordinary gains or losses,
the cumulative effect of accounting changes, acquisitions or divestitures, foreign exchange impacts and any unusual, nonrecurring
gain or loss. The levels of performance required with respect to Performance Measures may be expressed in absolute or relative
levels and may be based upon a set increase, set positive result, maintenance of the status quo, set decrease or set negative
result. Performance Measures may differ for Awards to different Grantees. The Committee shall specify the weighting (which may
be the same or different for multiple objectives) to be given to each performance objective for purposes of determining the final
amount payable with respect to any such Award. Any one or more of the Performance Measures may apply to the Grantee, a department,
unit, division or function within the Company or any one or more Affiliates; and may apply either alone or relative to the performance
of other businesses or individuals (including industry or general market indices). For Awards intended to comply with the Performance-Based
Exception, the Committee shall set the Performance Measures within the time period prescribed by Section 162(m) of the Code. 

The Committee shall
have the discretion to adjust the determinations of the degree of attainment of the pre-established performance goals; provided,
however, that Awards which are designed to qualify for the Performance-Based Exception may not (unless the Committee determines
to amend the Award so that it no longer qualified for the Performance-Based Exception) be adjusted upward (the Committee shall
retain the discretion to adjust such Awards downward). The Committee may not, unless the Committee determines to amend the Award
so that it no longer qualifies for the Performance-Based Exception, delegate any responsibility with respect to Awards intended
to qualify for the Performance-Based Exception. All determinations by the Committee as to the achievement of the Performance Measure(s)
shall be in writing prior to payment of the Award. 

In the event that applicable
laws change to permit Committee discretion to alter the governing performance measures without obtaining shareholder approval of
such changes, and still qualify for the Performance-Based Exception, the Committee shall have sole discretion to make such changes
without obtaining shareholder approval. 

Article 5. 
Eligibility and General Conditions of Awards 

5.1        Eligibility .
The Committee may in its discretion grant Awards to any Eligible Person, whether or not he or she has previously received an Award;
provided, however, that all Awards made to Non-Employee Directors shall be determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 

5.2        Award
Agreement . To the extent not set forth in the Plan, the terms and conditions of each Award shall be set forth in an Award
Agreement. 

5.3        General
Terms and Termination of Affiliation . The Committee may impose on any Award or the exercise or settlement thereof, at the
date of grant or, subject to the provisions of Section 16.2, thereafter, such additional terms and conditions not inconsistent
with the provisions of the Plan as the Committee shall determine, including terms requiring forfeiture, acceleration or pro-rata
acceleration of Awards in the event of a Termination of Affiliation by the Grantee. Except as may be required under the Delaware
General Corporation Law, Awards may be granted for no consideration other than prior and future services. Except as otherwise
determined by the Committee pursuant to this Section 5.3, all Options that have not been exercised, or any other Awards that remain
subject to a risk of forfeiture or which are not otherwise vested, or which have outstanding Performance Periods, at the time
of a Termination of Affiliation shall be forfeited to the Company. 

5.4        Nontransferability
of Awards . 

(a)        Each
Award and each right under any Award shall be exercisable only by the Grantee during the Grantee s lifetime, or, if permissible
under applicable law, by the Grantee s guardian or legal representative or by a transferee receiving such Award pursuant
to a qualified domestic relations order (a  QDRO ) as defined in the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended, or the rules thereunder. 

(b)        No
Award (prior to the time, if applicable, Shares are delivered in respect of such Award), and no right under any Award, may be assigned,
alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by a Grantee otherwise than by will or by the laws of
descent and distribution (or in the case of Restricted Shares, to the Company) or pursuant to a QDRO, and any such purported assignment,
alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate;
provided that the designation of a beneficiary to receive benefits in the event of the Grantee s death shall not constitute
an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance. 

(c)        Notwithstanding
subsections (a) and (b) above, to the extent provided in the Award Agreement, Options (other than Incentive Stock Options) and
Restricted Shares, may be transferred, without consideration, to a Permitted Transferee. For this purpose, a  Permitted Transferee 
in respect of any Grantee means any member of the Immediate Family of such Grantee, any trust of which all of the primary beneficiaries
are such Grantee or members of his or her Immediate Family, or any partnership (including limited liability companies and similar
entities) of which all of the partners or members are such Grantee or members of his or her Immediate Family; and the  Immediate
Family  of a Grantee means the Grantee s spouse, children, stepchildren, grandchildren, parents, stepparents, siblings,
grandparents, nieces and nephews. Such Option may be exercised by such transferee in accordance with the terms of the Award Agreement.
If so determined by the Committee, a Grantee may, in the manner established by the Committee, designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries
to exercise the rights of the Grantee, and to receive any distribution with respect to any Award upon the death of the Grantee.
A transferee, beneficiary, guardian, legal representative or other person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any
Grantee shall be subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, except to the extent
the Plan and Award Agreement otherwise provide with respect to such persons, and to any additional restrictions or limitations
deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 

(d)        Nothing
herein shall be construed as requiring the Committee to honor a QDRO except to the extent required under applicable law. 

5.5        Cancellation
and Rescission of Awards . Unless the Award Agreement specifies otherwise, the Committee may cancel, rescind, suspend, withhold,
or otherwise limit or restrict any unexercised Award at any time if the Grantee is not in compliance with all applicable provisions
of the Award Agreement and the Plan or if the Grantee has a Termination of Affiliation. 

5.6        Stand-Alone,
Tandem and Substitute Awards . 

(a)        Awards
granted under the Plan may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or in addition to, in tandem with, or in
substitution for, any other Award granted under the Plan unless such tandem or substitution Award would subject the Grantee to
tax penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code; provided further that if the stand-alone, tandem or substitute Award is intended
to qualify for the Performance-Based Exception, it must separately satisfy the requirements of the Performance-Based Exception.
If an Award is granted in substitution for another Award or any non-Plan award or benefit, the Committee shall require the surrender
of such other Award or non-Plan award or benefit in consideration for the grant of the new Award. Awards granted in addition to
or in tandem with other Awards or non-Plan awards or benefits may be granted either at the same time as or at a different time
from the grant of such other Awards or non-Plan awards or benefits; provided, however, that if any SAR is granted in tandem with
an Incentive Stock Option, such SAR and Incentive Stock Option must have the same Grant Date, Term and the Exercise Price of the
SAR may not be less than the Exercise Price of the Incentive Stock Option. 

(b)        The
Committee may, in its discretion and on such terms and conditions as the Committee considers appropriate in the circumstances,
grant Awards under the Plan ( Substitute Awards ) in substitution for stock and stock-based awards ( Acquired
Entity Awards ) held by current or former employees or non-employee directors of, or consultants to, another corporation
or entity who become Eligible Persons as the result of a merger or consolidation of the employing corporation or other entity (the
 Acquired Entity ) with the Company or an Affiliate or the acquisition by the Company or an Affiliate of property or
stock of the Acquired Entity immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or acquisition in order to preserve for the Grantee
the economic value of all or a portion of such Acquired Entity Award at such price as the Committee determines necessary to achieve
preservation of economic value. The limitations of Sections 4.1 and 4.3 on the number of Shares reserved or available for grants
shall not apply to Substitute Awards granted under this Section 5.6(b). 

5.7        Compliance
with Rule 16b-3 . The provisions of this Section 5.7 will not apply unless and until the Company has a class of stock that
is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

(a)         Six-Month
Holding Period Advice .  Unless a Grantee could otherwise dispose of or exercise a derivative security or dispose of Shares
delivered under the Plan without incurring liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Committee may advise or require
a Grantee to comply with the following in order to avoid incurring liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act: (i) at least
six months must elapse from the date of acquisition of a derivative security under the Plan to the date of disposition of the
derivative security (other than upon exercise or conversion) or its underlying equity security, and (ii) Shares granted or awarded
under the Plan other than upon exercise or conversion of a derivative security must be held for at least six months from the date
of grant of an Award. 

(b)         Reformation
to Comply with Exchange Act Rules . To the extent the Committee determines that a grant or other transaction by a Section 16
Person should comply with applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3 (except for transactions exempted under alternative Exchange Act
rules), the Committee shall take such actions as necessary to make such grant or other transaction so comply, and if any provision
of this Plan or any Award Agreement relating to a given Award does not comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3 as then applicable
to any such grant or transaction, such provision will be construed or deemed amended, if the Committee so determines, to the extent
necessary to conform to the then applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3. 

(c)         Rule
16b-3 Administration .  Any function relating to a Section 16 Person shall be performed solely by the Committee or the Board
if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3, to the extent the Committee determines that such
compliance is desired. Each member of the Committee or person acting on behalf of the Committee shall be entitled to, in good
faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to him by any officer, manager or other employee of the Company
or any Affiliate, the Company s independent certified public accountants or any executive compensation consultant or attorney
or other professional retained by the Company to assist in the administration of the Plan. 

5.8        Deferral
of Award Payouts .  The Committee may permit a Grantee to defer, or if and to the extent specified in an Award Agreement require
the Grantee to defer, receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due by virtue of the lapse
or waiver of restrictions with respect to Restricted Stock Units, the satisfaction of any requirements or goals with respect to
Performance Units or Performance Shares, the lapse or waiver of the deferral period for Deferred Stock, or the lapse or waiver
of restrictions with respect to Other Stock-Based Awards or Cash Incentive Awards. If the Committee permits such deferrals, the
Committee shall establish rules and procedures for making such deferral elections and for the payment of such deferrals, which
shall conform in form and substance with applicable regulations promulgated under Section 409A of the Code and Article 17 to ensure
that the Grantee is not subjected to tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code with respect to such deferrals. Except as otherwise
provided in an Award Agreement, any payment or any Shares that are subject to such deferral shall be made or delivered to the
Grantee as specified in the Award Agreement or pursuant to the Grantee s deferral election. 

Article 6. 
Stock Options 

6.1        Grant
of Options .  Subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, Options may be granted to any Eligible Person in such
number, and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee. 

6.2        Award
Agreement .  Each Option grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the Exercise Price, the Term of the
Option, the number of Shares to which the Option pertains, the time or times at which such Option shall be exercisable and such
other provisions as the Committee shall determine. 

6.3        Option
Exercise Price .  The Exercise Price of an Option under this Plan shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee
but may not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date. 

6.4        Grant
of Incentive Stock Options .  At the time of the grant of any Option, the Committee may in its discretion designate that such
Option shall be made subject to additional restrictions to permit it to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. Any Option designated
as an Incentive Stock Option: 

(a)        shall
be granted only to an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary Corporation; 

(b)        shall
have an Exercise Price of not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date, and, if granted to a person
who owns capital stock (including stock treated as owned under Section 424(d) of the Code) possessing more than 10% of the total
combined voting power of all classes of capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary Corporation (a  More Than 10% Owner ),
have an Exercise Price not less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on its Grant Date; 

(c)        shall
be for a period of not more than 10 years (five years if the Grantee is a More Than 10% Owner) from its Grant Date, and shall be
subject to earlier termination as provided herein or in the applicable Award Agreement; 

(d)        shall
not have an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the Grant Date) of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options (whether
granted under the Plan or any other stock option plan of the Grantee s employer or any parent or Subsidiary Corporation ( Other
Plans )) are exercisable for the first time by such Grantee during any calendar year ( Current Grant ), determined
in accordance with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code, which exceeds $100,000 (the  $100,000 Limit ); 

(e)        shall,
if the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares (determined on the Grant Date) with respect to the Current Grant and all Incentive
Stock Options previously granted under the Plan and any Other Plans which are exercisable for the first time during a calendar
year ( Prior Grants ) would exceed the $100,000 Limit, be, as to the portion in excess of the $100,000 Limit, exercisable
as a separate option that is not an Incentive Stock Option at such date or dates as are provided in the Current Grant; 

(f)         shall
require the Grantee to notify the Committee of any disposition of any Shares delivered pursuant to the exercise of the Incentive
Stock Option under the circumstances described in Section 421(b) of the Code (relating to holding periods and certain disqualifying
dispositions) ( Disqualifying Disposition ) within 10 days of such a Disqualifying Disposition; 

(g)        shall
by its terms not be assignable or transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and may be exercised,
during the Grantee s lifetime, only by the Grantee; provided, however, that the Grantee may, to the extent provided in the
Plan in any manner specified by the Committee, designate in writing a beneficiary to exercise his or her Incentive Stock Option
after the Grantee s death; and 

(h)        shall,
if such Option nevertheless fails to meet the foregoing requirements, or otherwise fails to meet the requirements of Section 422
of the Code for an Incentive Stock Option, be treated for all purposes of this Plan, except as otherwise provided in subsections
(d) and (e) above, as an Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing and Section 3.2, the Committee may, without the consent of the Grantee, at any time before the exercise of an Option
(whether or not an Incentive Stock Option), take any action necessary to prevent such Option from being treated as an Incentive
Stock Option. 

6.5        Payment
of Exercise Price .  Except as otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement, Options shall be exercised by the
delivery of a written notice of exercise to the Company, setting forth the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is
to be exercised, accompanied by full payment for the Shares made by any one or more of the following means: 

(a)      cash,
personal check or wire transfer; 

(b)      delivery
of Shares owned by the Grantee prior to exercise, valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise; 

(c)      with
the approval of the Committee, Shares acquired upon the exercise of such Option, such Shares valued at their Fair Market Value
on the date of exercise; 

(d)     with
the approval of the Committee, Restricted Shares held by the Grantee prior to the exercise of the Option, each such share valued
at the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise; or 

(e)      subject
to applicable law (including the prohibited loan provisions of Section 402 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002), through the sale
of the Shares acquired on exercise of the Option through a broker-dealer to whom the Grantee has submitted an irrevocable notice
of exercise and irrevocable instructions to deliver promptly to the Company the amount of sale proceeds sufficient to pay for such
Shares, together with, if requested by the Company, the amount of federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes payable by
Grantee by reason of such exercise. 

The Committee may in
its discretion specify that, if any Restricted Shares ( Tendered Restricted Shares ) are used to pay the Exercise Price,
(x) all the Shares acquired on exercise of the Option shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Tendered Restricted Shares,
determined as of the date of exercise of the Option, or (y) a number of Shares acquired on exercise of the Option equal to the
number of Tendered Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same restrictions as the Tendered Restricted Shares, determined as
of the date of exercise of the Option. 

Article 7. 
Stock Appreciation Rights 

7.1         Issuance .  Subject to and
consistent with the provisions of the Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time to time, may grant SARs to any Eligible Person
either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. Such SARs may, but need not, be granted in connection with
a specific Option granted under Article 6. The Committee may impose such conditions or restrictions on the exercise of any SAR
as it shall deem appropriate. 

7.2        Award
Agreements .  Each SAR grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement in such form as the Committee may approve and shall contain
such terms and conditions not inconsistent with other provisions of the Plan as shall be determined from time to time by the Committee. 

7.3        SAR
Exercise Price .  The Exercise Price of a SAR shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion; provided that the
Exercise Price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of the grant of the SAR. 

7.4        Exercise
and Payment .  Upon the exercise of an SAR, a Grantee shall be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined
by multiplying: 

(a)        The
excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price; by 

(b)        The
number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. 

SARs shall be deemed
exercised on the date written notice of exercise in a form acceptable to the Committee is received by the Secretary of the Company.
The Company shall make payment in respect of any SAR within five (5) days of the date the SAR is exercised. Any payment by the
Company in respect of a SAR may be made in cash, Shares, other property, or any combination thereof, as the Committee, in its sole
discretion, shall determine. 

7.5        Grant
Limitations .  The Committee may at any time impose any other limitations upon the exercise of SARs which, in the Committee's
sole discretion, are necessary or desirable in order for Grantees to qualify for an exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange
Act. 

Article 8. 
Restricted Shares 

8.1        Grant
of Restricted Shares .  Subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time
to time, may grant Restricted Shares to any Eligible Person in such amounts as the Committee shall determine. 

8.2        Award
Agreement .  Each grant of Restricted Shares shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the Period(s) of Restriction,
the number of Restricted Shares granted, and such other provisions as the Committee shall determine. The Committee may impose
such conditions and/or restrictions on any Restricted Shares granted pursuant to the Plan as it may deem advisable, including
restrictions based upon the achievement of specific performance goals, time-based restrictions on vesting following the attainment
of the performance goals, and/or restrictions under applicable securities laws; provided that such conditions and/or restrictions
may lapse, if so determined by the Committee, in the event of the Grantee s Termination of Affiliation due to death, Disability,
or involuntary termination by the Company or an Affiliate without  cause.  

8.3        Consideration
for Restricted Shares .  The Committee shall determine the amount, if any, that a Grantee shall pay for Restricted Shares. 

8.4        Effect
of Forfeiture .  If Restricted Shares are forfeited, and if the Grantee was required to pay for such shares or acquired such
Restricted Shares upon the exercise of an Option, the Grantee shall be deemed to have resold such Restricted Shares to the Company
at a price equal to the lesser of (x) the amount paid by the Grantee for such Restricted Shares, or (y) the Fair Market Value
of a Share on the date of such forfeiture. The Company shall pay to the Grantee the deemed sale price as soon as is administratively
practical. Such Restricted Shares shall cease to be outstanding and shall no longer confer on the Grantee thereof any rights as
a shareholder of the Company, from and after the date of the event causing the forfeiture, whether or not the Grantee accepts
the Company s tender of payment for such Restricted Shares. 

8.5        Escrow;
Legends .  The Committee may provide that the certificates for any Restricted Shares (x) shall be held (together with a stock
power executed in blank by the Grantee) in escrow by the Secretary of the Company until such Restricted Shares become nonforfeitable
or are forfeited and/or (y) shall bear an appropriate legend restricting the transfer of such Restricted Shares under the Plan.
If any Restricted Shares become nonforfeitable, the Company shall cause certificates for such shares to be delivered without such
legend. 

Article 9. 
Performance Units and Performance Shares 

9.1        Grant
of Performance Units and Performance Shares .  Subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, Performance Units
or Performance Shares may be granted to any Eligible Person in such amounts and upon such terms, and at any time and from time
to time, as shall be determined by the Committee. 

9.2        Value/Performance
Goals .  The Committee shall set performance goals in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will
determine the number or value of Performance Units or Performance Shares that will be paid to the Grantee. With respect to Covered
Employees and to the extent the Committee deems it appropriate to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code, all performance goals
shall be objective Performance Measures satisfying the requirements for the Performance-Based Exception and shall be set by the
Committee within the time period prescribed by Section 162(m) of the Code and related regulations. 

(a)         Performance
Unit . Each Performance Unit shall have an initial value that is established by the Committee at the time of grant. 

(b)         Performance
Share . Each Performance Share shall have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. 

9.3        Earning
of Performance Units and Performance Shares .  After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance
Units or Performance Shares shall be entitled to payment based on the level of achievement of performance goals set by the Committee.
If a Performance Unit or Performance Share Award is intended to comply with the Performance-Based Exception, the Committee shall
certify the level of achievement of the performance goals in writing before the Award is settled. 

At the discretion of
the Committee, the settlement of Performance Units or Performance Shares may be in cash, Shares of equivalent value, or in some
combination thereof, as set forth in the Award Agreement. 

If a Grantee is promoted,
demoted or transferred to a different business unit of the Company during a Performance Period, then, to the extent the Committee
determines that the Award, the performance goals, or the Performance Period are no longer appropriate, the Committee may adjust,
change, eliminate or cancel the Award, the performance goals, or the applicable Performance Period, as it deems appropriate in
order to make them appropriate and comparable to the initial Award, the performance goals, or the Performance Period. 

At the discretion of
the Committee, a Grantee may be entitled to receive any dividends or Dividend Equivalents declared with respect to Shares deliverable
in connection with grants of Performance Units or Performance Shares which have been earned, but not yet delivered to the Grantee. 

Article 10. 
Deferred Stock and Restricted Stock Units 

10.1      Grant
of Deferred Stock and Restricted Stock Units .  Subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, the Committee, at
any time and from time to time, may grant Deferred Stock and/or Restricted Stock Units to any Eligible Person, in such amount
and upon such terms as the Committee shall determine. Deferred Stock must conform in form and substance with applicable regulations
promulgated under Section 409A of the Code and with Article 17 to ensure that the Grantee is not subjected to tax penalties under
Section 409A of the Code with respect to such Deferred Stock. 

10.2      Vesting
and Delivery . 

(a)         Delivery
With Respect to Deferred Stock . Delivery of Shares subject to a Deferred Stock grant will occur upon expiration of the deferral
period or upon the occurrence of one or more of the distribution events described in Section 409A(a)(2) of the Code as specified
by the Committee in the Grantee s Award Agreement for the Award of Deferred Stock. An Award of Deferred Stock may be subject
to such substantial risk of forfeiture conditions as the Committee may impose, which conditions may lapse at such times or upon
the achievement of such objectives as the Committee shall determine at the time of grant or thereafter. Unless otherwise determined
by the Committee, to the extent that the Grantee has a Termination of Affiliation while the Deferred Stock remains subject to a
substantial risk of forfeiture, such Deferred Shares shall be forfeited, unless the Committee determines that such substantial
risk of forfeiture shall lapse in the event of the Grantee s Termination of Affiliation due to death, Disability, or involuntary
termination by the Company or an Affiliate without  cause.  

(b)         Delivery
With Respect to Restricted Stock Units . Delivery of Shares subject to a grant of Restricted Stock Units shall occur no later
than the 15 th  day of the third month following the end of the taxable year of the Grantee or the fiscal year of the
Company in which the Grantee s rights under such Restricted Stock Units are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture
as defined in final regulations under Section 409A of the Code. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, to the extent that
the Grantee has a Termination of Affiliation while the Restricted Stock Units remains subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture,
such Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited, unless the Committee determines that such substantial risk of forfeiture shall
lapse in the event of the Grantee s Termination of Affiliation due to death, Disability, or involuntary termination by the
Company or an Affiliate without  cause.  

10.3      Voting
and Dividend Equivalent Rights Attributable to Deferred Stock and Restricted Stock Units .  A Grantee awarded Deferred Stock
or Restricted Stock Units will have no voting rights with respect to such Deferred Stock or Restricted Stock Units prior to the
delivery of Shares in settlement of such Deferred Stock and/or Restricted Stock Units. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee,
a Grantee will have the rights to receive Dividend Equivalents in respect of Deferred Stock and/or Restricted Stock Units, which
Dividend Equivalents shall be deemed reinvested in additional Shares of Deferred Stock or Restricted Stock Units, as applicable,
which shall remain subject to the same forfeiture conditions applicable to the Deferred Stock or Restricted Stock Units to which
such Dividend Equivalents relate. 

Article 11. 
Dividend Equivalents 

The Committee is authorized
to grant Awards of Dividend Equivalents alone or in conjunction with other Awards; provided, however, that no Dividend Equivalents
may be granted in conjunction with any grant of Options or SARs. The Committee may provide that Dividend Equivalents shall be paid
or distributed when accrued or shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or additional Awards or otherwise reinvested. 

Article 12. 
Bonus Shares 

Subject to the terms
of the Plan, the Committee may grant Bonus Shares to any Eligible Person, in such amount and upon such terms and at any time and
from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee. 

Article 13. 
Other Stock-Based Awards 

The Committee is authorized,
subject to limitations under applicable law, to grant such other Awards that are denominated or payable in, valued in whole or
in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, or related to, Shares, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes
of the Plan, including Shares awarded which are not subject to any restrictions or conditions, convertible or exchangeable debt
securities or other rights convertible or exchangeable into Shares, and Awards valued by reference to the value of securities of
or the performance of specified Affiliates. Subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall determine
the terms and conditions of such Awards. Except as provided by the Committee, Shares delivered pursuant to a purchase right granted
under this Article 13 shall be purchased for such consideration, paid for by such methods and in such forms, including cash, Shares,
outstanding Awards or other property, as the Committee shall determine. 

Article 14. 
Non-Employee Director Awards 

Subject to the terms
of the Plan, the Board may grant Awards to any Non-Employee Director, in such amount and upon such terms and at any time and from
time to time as shall be determined by the full Board in its sole discretion. Except as otherwise provided in Section 5.6(b), a
Non-Employee Director may not be granted Awards with respect to more than 400,000 Shares in a single calendar year, subject to
adjustment as provided in Section 4.2(a). 

Article 15. 
Cash Incentive Awards 

15.1      Cash
Incentive Awards .  Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time to time, may grant
Cash Incentive Awards to any Eligible Person in such amounts and upon such terms, including the achievement of specific performance
goals during the Performance Period, as the Committee may determine. With respect to Covered Employees and to the extent the Committee
deems it appropriate to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code, all performance goals shall be objective Performance Measures
satisfying the requirements for the Performance-Based Exception and shall be set by the Committee within the time period prescribed
by Section 162(m) of the Code and related regulations. An Eligible Person may have more than one Cash Incentive Award outstanding
at any time. For instance, the Committee may grant an Eligible Person one Cash Incentive Award with a calendar year or fiscal
year Performance Period (an annual incentive bonus) and a separate Cash Incentive Award with a Performance Period that covers
more than one calendar or fiscal year (a long-term cash incentive bonus). 

15.2      Value
of Cash Incentive Awards .  Each Cash Incentive Award shall specify a payment amount or payment range as determined by the Committee.
The Committee shall establish performance goals applicable to each Cash Incentive Award in its discretion and the amount that
will be paid to the Grantee pursuant to such Cash Incentive Award if the applicable performance goals for the Performance Period
are met. 

15.3      Payment
of Cash Incentive Awards .  Payment, if any, with respect to a Cash Incentive Awards shall be made in cash in accordance with
the terms of the Award Agreement; provided, however, that if the Award Agreement does not specify a payment date with respect
to a Cash Incentive Award, payment of the Cash Incentive Award will be made no later than the 15th day of the third month following
the end of the taxable year of the Grantee or the fiscal year of the Company during which the Performance Period ends. 

15.4      Termination
of Affiliation .  The Committee shall determine the extent to which a Grantee shall have the right to receive Cash Incentive
Awards following his or her Termination of Affiliation. Such provisions shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee,
such provisions may be included in an Award Agreement entered into with each Grantee, but need not be uniform among all Cash Incentive
Awards granted pursuant to the Plan, and may reflect distinctions based on the reasons for termination. 

Article 16. 
Amendment, Modification, and Termination 

16.1      Amendment,
Modification, and Termination .  Subject to Section 16.2, the Board may, at any time and from time to time, alter, amend, suspend,
discontinue or terminate the Plan in whole or in part without the approval of the Company s shareholders, except that (a)
any amendment or alteration shall be subject to the approval of the Company s shareholders if such shareholder approval
is required by any federal or state law or regulation or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which
the Shares may then be listed or quoted, and (b) the Board may otherwise, in its discretion, determine to submit other such amendments
or alterations to shareholders for approval. 

16.2      Awards
Previously Granted .  Except as otherwise specifically permitted in the Plan or an Award Agreement, no termination, amendment,
or modification of the Plan shall adversely affect in any material way any Award previously granted under the Plan, without the
written consent of the Grantee of such Award. 

Article 17. 
Compliance with Code Section 409A 

17.1      Awards
Subject to Code Section 409A .  The provisions of this Article 17 shall apply to any Award or portion thereof that is or becomes
deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A (a  409A Award ), notwithstanding any provision to the contrary
contained in the Plan or the Award Agreement applicable to such Award. 

17.2      Deferral
and/or Distribution Elections .  Except as otherwise permitted or required by Code Section 409A, the following rules shall apply
to any deferral and/or elections as to the form or timing of distributions (each, an  Election ) that may be permitted
or required by the Committee with respect to a 409A Award: 

(a)        Any
Election must be in writing and specify the amount being deferred, and the time and form of distribution (i.e., lump sum or installments)
as permitted by this Plan. An Election may but need not specify whether payment will be made in cash, Shares or other property. 

(b)        Any
Election shall become irrevocable as of the deadline specified by the Committee, which shall not be later than December 31 of the
year preceding the year in which services relating to the Award commence; provided, however, that if the Award qualifies as  performance-based
compensation  for purposes of Code Section 409A and is based on services performed over a period of at least twelve (12)
months, then the deadline may be no later than six (6) months prior to the end of such Performance Period. 

(c)        Unless
otherwise provided by the Committee, an Election shall continue in effect until a written election to revoke or change such Election
is received by the Committee, prior to the last day for making an Election for the subsequent year. 

17.3      Subsequent
Elections .  Except as otherwise permitted or required by Code Section 409A, any 409A Award which permits a subsequent Election
to further defer the distribution or change the form of distribution shall comply with the following requirements: 

(a)        No
subsequent Election may take effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the subsequent Election is made; 

(b)        Each
subsequent Election related to a distribution upon separation from service, a specified time, or a change in control as defined
in Section 17.4(e) must result in a delay of the distribution for a period of not less than five (5) years from the date such distribution
would otherwise have been made; and 

(c)        No
subsequent Election related to a distribution to be made at a specified time or pursuant to a fixed schedule shall be made less
than twelve (12) months prior to the date the first scheduled payment would otherwise be made. 

17.4      Distributions
Pursuant to Deferral Elections .  Except as otherwise permitted or required by Code Section 409A, no distribution in settlement
of a 409A Award may commence earlier than: 

(a)        Separation
from Service; 

(b)       The
date the Participant becomes Disabled (as defined in Section 2.14(b)); 

(c)       The
Participant s death; 

(d)        A
specified time (or pursuant to a fixed schedule) that is either (i) specified by the Committee upon the grant of the Award and
set forth in the Award Agreement or (ii) specified by the Grantee in an Election complying with the requirements of Section 17.2
and/or 17.3, as applicable; or 

(e)        A
change in control of the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(h)(5). 

17.5      Six
Month Delay .  Notwithstanding anything herein or in any Award Agreement or Election to the contrary, to the extent that distribution
of a 409A Award is triggered by a Grantee s Separation from Service, if the Grantee is then a  specified employee 
(as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i)), no distribution may be made before the date which is six (6) months after
such Grantee s Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Grantee s death. 

17.6      Death
or Disability .  Unless the Award Agreement otherwise provides, if a Grantee dies or becomes Disabled before complete distribution
of amounts payable upon settlement of a 409A Award, such undistributed amounts, to the extent vested, shall be distributed as
provided in the Participants Election. If the Participant has made no Election with respect to distributions upon death or Disability,
all such distributions shall be paid in a lump sum within 90 days following the date of the Participant s death or Disability. 

17.7      No
Acceleration of Distributions .  This Plan does not permit the acceleration of the time or schedule of any distribution under
a 409A Award, except as provided by Code Section 409A and/or applicable regulations or rulings issued thereunder. 

Article 18. 
Withholding 

18.1      Required
Withholding . 

(a)        The
Committee in its sole discretion may provide that when taxes are to be withheld in connection with the exercise of an Option or
SAR, or upon the lapse of restrictions on Restricted Shares, or upon the transfer of Shares, or upon payment of any other benefit
or right under this Plan (the date on which such exercise occurs or such restrictions lapse or such payment of any other benefit
or right occurs hereinafter referred to as the  Tax Date ), the Grantee may elect to make payment for the withholding
of federal, state and local taxes, including Social Security and Medicare ( FICA ) taxes by one or a combination of
the following methods: 

(i)       payment
of an amount in cash equal to the amount to be withheld (including cash obtained through the sale of the Shares acquired on exercise
of an Option or SAR, upon the lapse of restrictions on Restricted Shares, or upon the transfer of Shares, through a broker-dealer
to whom the Grantee has submitted an irrevocable instructions to deliver promptly to the Company, the amount to be withheld); 

(ii)      delivering
part or all of the amount to be withheld in the form of Shares valued at its Fair Market Value on the Tax Date; 

(iii)     requesting
the Company to withhold from those Shares that would otherwise be received upon exercise of the Option or SAR, upon the lapse of
restrictions on Restricted Stock, or upon the transfer of Shares, a number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the Tax Date
equal to the amount to be withheld; or 

(iv)     withholding
from any compensation otherwise due to the Grantee. 

The Committee
in its sole discretion may provide that the maximum amount of tax withholding upon exercise of an Option or SARs, upon the lapse
of restrictions on Restricted Shares, or upon the transfer of Shares, to be satisfied by withholding Shares upon exercise of such
Option or SAR, upon the lapse of restrictions on Restricted Shares, or upon the transfer of Shares, pursuant to clause (iii) above
shall not exceed the minimum amount of taxes, including FICA taxes, required to be withheld under federal, state and local law.
An election by Grantee under this subsection is irrevocable. Any fractional share amount and any additional withholding not paid
by the withholding or surrender of Shares must be paid in cash. If no timely election is made, the Grantee must deliver cash to
satisfy all tax withholding requirements. 

(b)        Any
Grantee who makes a Disqualifying Disposition (as defined in Section 6.4(f)) or an election under Section 83(b) of the Code shall
remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy all resulting tax withholding requirements in the same manner as set forth
in subsection (a). 

18.2      Notification
under Code Section 83(b) .  If the Grantee, in connection with the exercise of any Option, or the grant of Restricted Shares,
makes the election permitted under Section 83(b) of the Code to include in such Grantee s gross income in the year of transfer
the amounts specified in Section 83(b) of the Code, then such Grantee shall notify the Company of such election within 10 days
of filing the notice of the election with the Internal Revenue Service, in addition to any filing and notification required pursuant
to regulations issued under Section 83(b) of the Code. The Committee may, in connection with the grant of an Award or at any time
thereafter, prohibit a Grantee from making the election described above. 

Article 19. 
Additional Provisions 

19.1      Successors .
 All obligations of the Company under the Plan with respect to Awards granted hereunder shall be binding on any successor to the
Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise
of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 

19.2      Severability .
 If any part of the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity
shall not invalidate any other part of the Plan. Any Section or part of a Section so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall,
if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest
extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 

19.3      Requirements
of Law .  The granting of Awards and the delivery of Shares under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and
regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. Notwithstanding
any provision of the Plan or any Award, Grantees shall not be entitled to exercise, or receive benefits under, any Award, and
the Company (and any Affiliate) shall not be obligated to deliver any Shares or deliver benefits to a Grantee, if such exercise
or delivery would constitute a violation by the Grantee or the Company of any applicable law or regulation. 

19.4      Securities
Law Compliance . 

(a)        If
the Committee deems it necessary to comply with any applicable securities law, or the requirements of any stock exchange upon which
Shares may be listed, the Committee may impose any restriction on Awards or Shares acquired pursuant to Awards under the Plan as
it may deem advisable. In addition, if requested by the Company and any underwriter engaged by the Company, Shares acquired pursuant
to Awards may not be sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of for such period following the effective date of any registration
statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act as the Company or such underwriter shall specify reasonably and in good
faith, not to exceed 180 days in the case of the Company s initial public offering or 90 days in the case of any other public
offering. All certificates for Shares delivered under the Plan pursuant to any Award or the exercise thereof shall be subject to
such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements
of the SEC, any stock exchange upon which Shares are then listed, any applicable securities law, and the Committee may cause a
legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. If so requested by the
Company, the Grantee shall make a written representation to the Company that he or she will not sell or offer to sell any Shares
unless a registration statement shall be in effect with respect to such Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any applicable state securities law or unless he or she shall have furnished to the Company an opinion of counsel, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Company, that such registration is not required. 

(b)        If
the Committee determines that the exercise or nonforfeitability of, or delivery of benefits pursuant to, any Award would violate
any applicable provision of securities laws or the listing requirements of any national securities exchange or national market
system on which are listed any of the Company s equity securities, then the Committee may postpone any such exercise, nonforfeitability
or delivery, as applicable, but the Company shall use all reasonable efforts to cause such exercise, nonforfeitability or delivery
to comply with all such provisions at the earliest practicable date. 

19.5      Awards
Subject to Claw-Back Policies .  Notwithstanding any provisions herein to the contrary, if the Company has a class of stock
that is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, all Awards granted hereunder shall be subject to the terms of any recoupment
policy currently in effect or subsequently adopted by the Board to implement Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ( Sarbanes-Oxley
Act ) or Section 10D of the Exchange Act (or with any amendment or modification of such recoupment policy adopted by the
Board) to the extent that such Award (whether or not previously exercised or settled) or the value of such Award is required to
be returned to the Company pursuant to the terms of such recoupment policy. 

19.6      No
Rights as a Shareholder .  No Grantee shall have any rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Shares (other
than Restricted Shares) which may be deliverable upon exercise or payment of such Award until such Shares have been delivered
to him or her. Restricted Shares, whether held by a Grantee or in escrow by the Secretary of the Company, shall confer on the
Grantee all rights of a shareholder of the Company, except as otherwise provided in the Plan or Award Agreement. At the time of
a grant of Restricted Shares, the Committee may require the payment of cash dividends thereon to be deferred and, if the Committee
so determines, reinvested in additional Restricted Shares. Stock dividends and deferred cash dividends issued with respect to
Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same restrictions and other terms as apply to the Restricted Shares with respect to
which such dividends are issued. The Committee may in its discretion provide for payment of interest on deferred cash dividends. 

19.7      Nature
of Payments .  Unless otherwise specified in the Award Agreement, Awards shall be special incentive payments to the Grantee
and shall not be taken into account in computing the amount of salary or compensation of the Grantee for purposes of determining
any pension, retirement, death or other benefit under (a) any pension, retirement, profit sharing, bonus, insurance or other employee
benefit plan of the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan shall otherwise expressly provide, or (b) any agreement between
(i) the Company or any Affiliate and (ii) the Grantee, except as such agreement shall otherwise expressly provide. 

19.8      Non-Exclusivity
of Plan .  Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor its submission to the shareholders of the Company for approval
shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other compensatory arrangements for employees
or Non-Employee Directors as it may deem desirable. 

19.9      Governing
Law .  The Plan, and all agreements hereunder, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of
Delaware, other than its laws respecting choice of law. 

19.10    Unfunded Status
of Awards; Creation of Trusts .  The Plan is intended to constitute an  unfunded  plan for incentive and deferred
compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Grantee pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any
Award Agreement shall give any such Grantee any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company; provided,
however, that the Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or make other arrangements to meet the Company s obligations
under the Plan to deliver cash, Shares or other property pursuant to any Award which trusts or other arrangements shall be consistent
with the  unfunded  status of the Plan unless the Committee otherwise determines. 

19.11    Affiliation . 
Nothing in the Plan or an Award Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Affiliate to
terminate any Grantee s employment or consulting contract at any time, nor confer upon any Grantee the right to continue
in the employ of or as an officer of or as a consultant to the Company or any Affiliate. 

19.12    Participation . 
No employee or officer shall have the right to be selected to receive an Award under this Plan or, having been so selected, to
be selected to receive a future Award. 

19.13    Military Service . 
Awards shall be administered in accordance with Section 414(u) of the Code and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment
Rights Act of 1994. 

19.14    Construction . 
The following rules of construction will apply to the Plan: (a) the word  or  is disjunctive but not necessarily exclusive,
and (b) words in the singular include the plural, words in the plural include the singular, and words in the neuter gender include
the masculine and feminine genders and words in the masculine or feminine gender include the other neuter genders. 

19.15    Headings . 
The headings of articles and sections are included solely for convenience of reference, and if there is any conflict between such
headings and the text of this Plan, the text shall control. 

19.16    Obligations .  Unless otherwise specified in the Award Agreement, the obligation to deliver, pay or transfer any amount of money or other property
pursuant to Awards under this Plan shall be the sole obligation of a Grantee s employer; provided that the obligation to
deliver or transfer any Shares pursuant to Awards under this Plan shall be the sole obligation of the Company. 

19.17    No Right to Continue
as Director .  Nothing in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall confer upon any Non-Employee Director the right to continue
to serve as a director of the Company. 

19.18    Shareholder Approval . 
All Awards granted on or after the Effective Date and prior to the date the Company s shareholders approve the Plan are
expressly conditioned upon and subject to approval of the Plan by the Company s shareholders. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.32>
 3
 v446039_ex10-32.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.32

Exhibit 10.32  

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT   

This   
 Exclusive  License And Distribution Agreement   ( Agreement )
is made and entered into as of December 31, 2014 ( Effective Date ), between   Nuo
therapeutics, Inc.  , (formerly Cytomedix Inc.) a Delaware corporation, with principal office at 207 Perry Parkway, Suite
1, Gaithersburg, MD 20877 ( Nuo ), and   ROHTO Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.  ,
a Japanese company, with its principal office at 1-8-1 Tatsumi-nishi, Ikuno-ku, Osaka 544-8666, Japan ( Rohto ). Each
of Nuo and Rohto is hereinafter referred to as a  Party  and collectively the  Parties.  

RECITALS 

A.            Nuo
is the owner of certain intellectual property rights pursuant to which it has commercialized a point of care cell separation device
which produces a platelet based therapeutic formulation for use on chronic, hard to heal wounds and ulcers offered as the Aurix
System. 

B.            Rohto
has capability of conducting clinical studies of medical devices and has facilities and experience in the distribution, sale and
service of medical devices in the Territory (defined below), and desires to become the exclusive licensee of certain intellectual
property rights of Nuo under which it will distribute the Products (defined below) in the Field of Use (defined below), pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement. 

Now  ,
  Therefore  , in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the Parties intending to be legally bound agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

1.              DEFINITIONS .
When used herein, capitalized terms shall have the following meanings: 

Affiliate 
means, in respect of any Party, any other Person which, but only for so long as such other Person, directly or indirectly, controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Party. The term  control  means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, through the ownership of voting
securities or other equity interests, and the terms  controlled  and  common control  have correlative
meanings. 

Change of Control 
means: (i) the direct or indirect sale or other disposition (in one or more related transactions to one or more Persons) of all
or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or (ii) the direct or indirect transfer of 50% or more of the outstanding
voting interest of a Person, whether in a single transaction or series of related transactions. 

FDA  means
the United States Food and Drug Administration and any successor entity. 

Field of Use 
means the use of the Product in the Territory for all wound care and topical dermatology applications in human and veterinary medicine. 

Gross Sales 
means the total sales amount including sales tax invoiced by Rohto from the commercialization and sale of the Products to wholesalers,
hospitals or doctors. 

Intellectual Property 
means, collectively, Patents, Trade Secrets, Copyrights, Trademarks, Know How, moral rights, trade names, rights in trade dress
and all other intellectual property rights and proprietary rights, whether arising under the laws of the United States or any other
state, country or jurisdiction in the world, including all rights or causes of action for infringement or misappropriation of any
of the foregoing. For purposes of this Agreement: (a)  Patents ,  Know How  and  Trademark 
shall have the meaning set forth below; (b)  Trade Secrets  shall mean all right, title and interest in all trade secrets
and trade secret rights arising under common law, state law, federal law or laws of foreign countries; and (c)  Copyrights 
shall mean all copyrights, and all other literary property and authorship rights, and all right, title, and interest in all copyrights,
copyright registrations, certificates of copyright and copyrighted interests throughout the world. 

Know How 
means any and all current and future know-how, technical information, technical knowledge, unpatentable inventions, manufacturing
procedures, methods, trade secrets, processes, formulas, documentation and other tangible or intangible property or rights relating
to the Wound Dressing or Products, whether or not capable of precise separate description but which alone, or when accumulated,
gives to the Person acquiring it an ability to study, test, formulate, manufacture, produce or market something which it otherwise
would not have known to study, test, formulate, manufacture, produce or market in the same or similar way. 

Marketing Authorization 
or  MA  means the authorization by MHLW to manufacture / import, promote and sell the Product in Japan. 

MHLW  means
the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare in Japan. 

Net Sales 
means the Gross Sales less (i) sales tax (ii) trade, cash and quantity discounts or rebates allowed or taken, and (iii) charges
of insurance, freight, and other transportation costs directly related to the delivery of the Product. Notwithstanding the sum
of items (ii) and (iii) will not exceed 10% of Gross Sales. 

New Devices 
means the new device covered by Nuo Patent-2 and the new centrifuge for the new device which Nuo is developing as of the Effective
Date. 

NHI  means
national health insurance system in Japan, granted by the MHLW upon submission after Marketing Authorization of the Product is
granted. 

NHI Pricing Event 
means the event when the NHI reimbursement price for the Product in the Territory is achieved 

Nuo
Clinical Data  mean  any and all  clinical and other data Nuo used for the FDA 510(k)
clearance of Aurix System or former AutoloGel System, or for license or approval by other governmental authorities.   

Nuo Know How 
means the Know How Nuo owns and obtains during the term of this Agreement relating to Wound Dressing, Product and improvement thereto,
including, but not limited to, Nuo Clinical Data, treatment method of patient using Wound Dressing, and PRP separation technology
(from patient s blood) embodied in the Centrifuge. 

Nuo Patent 
means the Nuo Patent-1 and Nuo Patent-2 described in Exhibit 1 attached hereto and any Patent relating to the improvement of the
Wound Dressing or the Product in the Territory which Nuo files or obtains rights from a third party during the term of this Agreement. 

Nuo Technology 
means Nuo Patent and Nuo Know-How. 

Nuo Trademarks 
means any and all Trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, logos and similar proprietary rights whether now or in
the future owned, controlled or licensed by Nuo and currently used or to be used in connection with the Product. As of the Effective
Date Nuo Trademarks are described in Exhibit 2 attached hereto. 

Patent 
means any patent application or patent, including all of the following kinds and their equivalents outside the United States (as
applicable): provisional, converted provisional (or regular), divisional, continuation, continuation-in-part, and substitution
applications; and regular utility, re-issue, re-examination, renewal and extended patents (including Supplementary Protection Certificates),
as well as all right, title and interest in all letters patent or equivalent rights and applications for letters patent or rights,
industrial and utility models, industrial designs, petty patents, patents of importation, patents of addition, certificates of
invention and other government issued or granted indicia of invention ownership, including any reissue, extension, division, continuation
or continuation-in-part applications throughout the world. 

Person 
means any natural person or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business association, joint venture or other
entity. 

PMDA  means
the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency in Japan, which is an agency of MHLW to review application of Marketing Authorization
of pharmaceuticals and medical devices in Japan. 

Point of Shipment 
shall have the meaning given in the INCOTERMS 2010. 

Product 
means the combination of devices to produce a Wound Dressing from the patient s blood. As of the Effective Date, the Product
means Aurix System (formerly AutoloGel System) which consists of Centrifuge, Wound Dressing Kit, and Reagent Kit described in  Exhibit
3  attached hereto. 

Territory 
means Japan. 

Trademarks 
shall mean all right, title and interest in all trademark, service mark, trade name and trade dress rights arising under the common
law, state law, federal laws and laws of foreign countries, and all right, title, and interest in all trademark, service mark,
trade name and trade dress applications and registrations interests throughout the world. 

Transfer Price 
means the supply price of the Product from Nuo to Rohto, which is Nuo s manufacturing or procurement cost of Centrifuge and
each Kit plus 10% of such cost for Nuo s direct overhead cost as described in exhibit 4 attached hereto. 

Transition Event 
means the earlier of (i) the occurrence of the NHI Pricing Event or (ii) when NHI reimburse price submission is declined by MHLW. 

Wound Dressing 
means the mixture of platelet rich plasma (PRP) derived from patient s own blood and reagents which is covered by Nuo Patent-1. 

2.              GRANT
OF LICENSE  

(a)           Exclusive
License of Nuo Technology. Nuo grants to Rohto a royalty bearing, nontransferable, exclusive license, with limited right to sublicense,
to use Nuo Technology for the development, import, use, marketing, sale, and distribution of the Product in the Field of Use in
the Territory. 

(b)           Distribution
Right. Rohto shall have an exclusive right, in the Field of Use in the Territory, to import, use for development, promote, market,
sell and distribute the Product which Nuo manufactures or has contractor manufacture for Nuo and supply to Rohto. Nuo shall not
export, promote, or supply the Product to any third party in the Territory. 

(c)           Procurement
of devices. Rohto reserves the right to manufacture or purchase certain non-proprietary devices from a third party with Nuo s
approval, such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In such case, Rohto shall assemble such devices with other
devices supplied by Nuo to make a Product in the Territory. For avoidance of doubt, in such case the sales amount of Rohto s
assembled Product as a whole shall be the base of Net Sales for royalty payment set forth in Section 4 (c) of this Agreement. 

(d)           Manufacturing
Right. At any time after the Transition Event, upon written notice to Nuo, Nuo shall grant to Rohto an exclusive license, with
limited right to sublicense, to use Nuo Technology for manufacturing, or having third-party manufacture devices which are covered
by Nuo Patent or embodied by Nuo Know How, such as the New Devices and Centrifuge of current and future version, for the Territory.
Upon request of Rohto, Nuo shall provide Rohto with reasonably sufficient information for Rohto to manufacture or have manufactured
such devices.  For avoidance of doubt, in such case Rohto shall assemble Product for the Territory,
and sales amount of such Rohto s assembled Product as a whole shall be the base of Net Sale for royalty payment set forth
in Section 4 (c) of this Agreement.  

(e)           Procurement
by Rohto.  With approval from Nuo, Rohto may procure all components of the Product from Nuo s
suppliers and contract manufacturers directly at the established Nuo contract prices. For avoidance of doubt, in such case the
sales amount of Rohto s assembled Product as a whole shall be the base of Net Sales for royalty payment set forth in Section
4 (c) of this Agreement.  

(f)            Nuo
Trademark. Nuo grants to Rohto a royalty free, nontransferable, exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, to use Nuo Trademark
for the Product which Rohto import, develop, use, market, sell and distribute in the Field of Use in the Territory. Nuo shall register
the Nuo Trademark in the Territory.   

(g)           Trademark
Option. Rohto reserves the right to use a trademark other than Nuo Trademarks for the Product in the Territory. 

(h)            Eastern
and South Eastern Asian Countries.  In the event Nuo intends to appoint a licensee or a distributor of its Product in China,
Hong Kong, Macau, Mongolia, North Korea, South Korea, Taiwan, Brunei, Myanmar (Burma), Cambodia, East Timor, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia,
Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, India, Pakistan, or Bangladesh Nuo shall notify Rohto of such intent and the expected
timeframe for negotiations regarding such appointment.  During the timeframe stipulated by Nuo, the Parties shall discuss
in good faith whether such country would be included in the Territory.    

(i)           Improvement
by Nuo. In the event Nuo has filed a new patent application in any country relating to Wound Dressing or Product, Nuo shall promptly
inform Rohto of the reasonable details of such patent application. For avoidance of doubt, such patent application shall be included
in the Nuo Patent. 

(j)           Improvement
by Rohto. In the event Rohto has filed a new patent application for a new invention relating to Wound Dressing, Product or Nuo
Technology, Rohto shall inform Nuo of the reasonable details of such invention promptly after Rohto has filed the patent application
for such invention in the Territory or in the U.S. In such event Rohto shall grant to Nuo a royalty free, nonexclusive license
to use such patent application outside the Territory during the term of this Agreement. Upon request of Nuo at Nuo s expense
for filing, prosecution and maintenance, Rohto shall file such patent application in countries (other than Territory) designated
by Nuo. 

(k)           Modification
of Component by Nuo. In the event Nuo intends to modify or change any component (device) of the Product within the Field of Use,
Nuo shall inform Rohto of such intent reasonably prior to the implementation of such modification or change. In the event Nuo decides
to commercialize the New Devices within the Field of Use in any country outside of Territory, Nuo shall inform Rohto of such decision.
For avoidance of doubt, the modified/changed device or the New Devices shall be included in the Product and Rohto has the exclusive
right to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute such Product in the Territory and within the Field of
Use. 

(l)           Modification
of Component by Rohto. Rohto reserves the right to modify or change any component (device) of the Product in order to meet the
market needs in the Territory.  In the event Rohto intends to implement such modification or change
within the Field of Use, Rohto shall inform Nuo of such intent reasonably prior to the implementation of such modification or change.
For avoidance of doubt, the modified/changed device shall be included in the Product and   sales
amount of such Rohto s assembled Product as a whole shall be the base of Net Sale for royalty payment set forth in Section
4 (c) of this Agreement.  

3.               DEVELOPMENT.  

(a)           PMDA
Consultation. Upon execution of this Agreement Rohto shall consult with PMDA for a Marketing Authorization of the Product in the
Territory. Rohto shall conduct clinical studies in accordance with guidance of PMDA. 

(b)           Nuo
Information and Data. Upon Rohto s reasonable request, Nuo shall provide Rohto with Nuo Clinical Data, Product information,
or other information or data Nuo has or would be reasonably expected to have which are required for MA application by Rohto in
the Territory. 

(c)           Clinical
Studies. Rohto shall conduct required clinical and other studies for the Marketing Authorization at its own expenses and responsibility.
Upon request of Rohto, Nuo shall supply Rohto with the Product or specific devices in the Product at the Transfer Price. 

(d)           
Safety Reporting. Prior to clinical studies, the parties shall enter into a quality agreement that includes safety reporting for
clinical studies. 

(e)           Marketing
Authorization. Upon completion of the required studies, and without unreasonable delay in the Territory, Rohto shall submit the
MA application for the Product with MHLW, and upon approval, Rohto shall be the holder of the Marketing Authorization of the Product. 

(f)           Inspection.
In the event PMDA or other agency of MHLW requires inspections of Nuo s and/or its suppliers  facilities (of the devices
and Product), Nuo will reasonably cooperate with such inspections and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its suppliers
of the devices/Product to cooperate with such inspections. 

(g)           NHI
Pricing. Promptly after the Marketing Authorization for the Product is granted, Rohto shall submit, at its own expense, NHI reimbursement
for the Product with MHLW. 

(h)           No
Warranty. Rohto shall make commercially reasonable effort to conduct required studies and seek the Marketing Authorization and
NHI reimbursement for the Product, provided that Rohto shall not ensure the achievement of such approval or grant. Nuo acknowledges
that such approval or grant is at the discretion of MHLW. 

(i)           Restriction.
The Parties acknowledge that Rohto is strictly prohibited by the relevant laws and regulations in the Territory to promote, advertise,
or sell the Product in the Territory until after the Transition Event. Rohto shall  start marketing
and sale of the Product in the Territory only after the Transition Event.  

(j)           Quality
Agreement. Prior to the Transition Event, the Parties shall enter into a separate quality agreement that (a) defines Rohto s
rights to audit manufacturing sites of each component (device) of the Product in compliance with the requirements of relevant (QMS)
regulations in Japan, (b) defines specifications, shelf life of each component (device) of the Product, and remedies for non-conforming
Product, (c) defines labeling and package insert of the Product, and (d) conforms to the quality plan and systems of Nuo. 

(k)           Safety
Agreement. Prior to the Transition Event, the Parties shall enter into a separate safety agreement that defines the safety report,
safety database, product recall, post marketing survey, and so on in compliance with the requirement of relevant laws and regulations
in Japan and the United States. 

(l)           Supply
And Distribution Agreement. Prior to the Transition Event, the Parties shall enter into a supply and distribution agreement with
respect to then current Product available at Nuo , which shall include the provisions of Section 5. (DISTRIBUTION) and Section
6. (SUPPLY OF PRODUCT) of this Agreement and minimum performance requirements. 

4.               CONSIDERATION.  

In consideration of
the right and license granted to Rohto under this Agreement, Rhoto shall pay to Nuo the following amount. 

(a)           Upfront
Payment. Rohto shall pay to Nuo an upfront non-refundable payment of Three Million United States dollars ($3,000,000) by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to the following account within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date of this Agreement. 

(b)           Milestone
Payment. Upon occurrence of the NHI Pricing Event, Rohto shall pay to Nuo a non-refundable payment of One Million United States
dollars ($1,000,000) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified above or to such other account as
may be specified by Nuo in writing within thirty (30) days after the NHI Pricing Event. 

(c)           Royalty.
Rohto shall pay to Nuo a royalty at the rate of nine (9) percent based on the Net Sales ( Royalty ). 

(i)           Report.
No later than thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar quarter, Rohto shall deliver to Nuo a written report detailing:
(i) the number of Product sold, (ii) Gross Sales and Net Sales generated from the sales, and (iii) the resulting Royalty owed to
Nuo. 

(ii)          Payment.
The Royalty owed to Nuo shall be paid by Rohto to Nuo by wire transfer of immediately available funds in U.S. dollars to the account
specified above or to such other account as may be specified by Nuo or its designee in writing. The Royalty shall be paid to such
account within forty five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter. 

(iii)          Audit. 
 Nuo shall have the right to audit the records of Rohto relating to Net Sales at any time during the normal business hours
upon reasonable advance written notice. The audit will be performed no more than once a fiscal year of Rohto by an independent
reputable accounting firm at Nuo s sole expense. If the accounting firm determines that Nuo was not paid the full Royalty
owed, Nuo shall have the accounting firm submit the audit findings to Rohto, and Rohto shall pay the amount of any shortfall within
thirty (30) business days after receipt of the audit findings. If Rohto fails to pay such shortfall within such five (5) business
day cure period, then interest shall accrue on such shortfall (from the date it was due) at fifteen percent (15%) per annum.   

(d)           Withhold
Tax. If applicable laws and regulations require withholding of income or other taxes imposed upon any payments made by Rohto to
Nuo under this Agreement, Rohto shall make such withholding payments as may be required and shall subtract such withholding payments
from such payments. Rohto shall submit appropriate proof of payment of the withholding taxes to Nuo within a reasonable period
of time. Rohto shall render Nuo reasonable assistance in order to allow Nuo to obtain the benefit of any present or future treaty
against double taxation which may apply to such payments. 

5.              DISTRIBUTION . 

(a)           Distribution.
On and after the Transition Event, Rohto shall use best efforts to market, distribute and sell the Product, consistent with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement. Additionally, Rohto shall provide post-sale customer service for the Products in the Territory
under the terms set forth in this Agreement. 

(b)           Appointment
of Sub-Distributors. The Parties agree that Rohto s rights and obligations under this Agreement will, subject to terms and
limitations contained in this Agreement, be discharged and administered directly by Rohto and may include the use of contractors,
subcontractors, and agents, in a manner substantially similar to the method that Rohto currently utilizes to operate its existing
businesses. Rohto shall remain responsible to Nuo for any and all acts and omissions of such sub-distributors and agents. 

(c)           Promotion
of Product; Advertising. 

(i)           Promotion.
Rohto shall use its best efforts to develop a customer base and market, sell and distribute the Product within the Territory. Rohto
shall advertise and otherwise promote the Product in a commercially reasonable manner and furnish appropriate Product information
and promotional materials to its customers in a fashion similar to that used with Rohto s other products. 

(ii)          Translation
of Materials. Rohto shall bear the cost and responsibility to create and maintain all literature required, in all languages required,
in order to market, sell, distribute and service the Product in the Territory, including all labeling, package inserts, instruction
manuals, registrations, sales literature and other promotional materials for the Product. All translated materials shall be approved
by Nuo prior to release and distribution. Rohto shall attach a written statement with the translated materials submitted to Nuo
for approval certifying that the translation does not misrepresent the claims of the original English-language material and is
an accurate translation. 

(iii)         Recognition
of Patents and Patents Pending. Subject to rules, regulations and codes controlling the labeling and packaging of the Products,
Rohto may at its discretion include on each Product packaging a printed statement identifying the patents under which the product
is produced and distributed. This notice may be modified by mutual consent of the Parties as reasonably necessary to comply with
applicable patent marking provisions of the U.S. patent laws. 

(d)           Forecasting
of Products. Rohto shall annually provide to Nuo a rolling forecast of Rohto s requirements for the Product for the twelve
(12) month period commencing that quarter. The requirements for the first quarter period of each forecast shall constitute a firm
and binding Purchase Order for Product, and shall be delivered to Rohto in full prior to the end of the same quarter. The remaining
rolling quarterly forecast shall constitute non-binding estimates of Product and requirements for the period described;  provided 
that, the second (2 nd ) quarter in any forecast shall be varied by no more than 20% when reported in the subsequent binding
forecast, unless agreed to by Nuo. The fourth (4 th ) quarter of each forecast are non-binding and may be modified by
Rohto at any time in its sole discretion. Nuo will not guarantee fulfillment of orders constituting an aggregate increase in firm
order quantities over forecasted quantities for a given quarter in excess of 20%. In addition to the forecast, Rohto is encouraged
to provide Nuo at any time with advance non-binding notice of expected significant changes to the existing quarterly forecast for
purposes of production planning. 

(e)           Regular
Communication. The Parties will meet telephonically or face-to-face no less than quarterly to review, among other things, sales
performance, progress on sales metrics, on hand inventory levels, customer usage information, and make such adjustments and changes
as are agreed to by the Parties. 

(f)           Reservation
of Title. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, Nuo reserves to itself and retains all right, title and interest in and
to all Intellectual Property related to the Product and to any modifications, enhancements, improvements and upgrades thereto implemented
by Nuo. Rohto may not duplicate, translate, decompile, reverse engineer or adapt any Product or component parts thereof without
Nuo s prior written consent. 

(g)           No
Other Rights. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no right, title, or interest is granted by Nuo to Rohto hereunder.
Nuo may distribute any products, other than the Product, which shall not compete with the Product, within the Territory, either
directly or indirectly through distributors, and no right, title or interest is granted by Nuo to Rohto relating to such products. 

(h)           Other
Information Reporting. Rohto shall provide to Nuo, at Rohto s expense and in English, each and every Product-related quality
and/or performance complaint reasonably after receipt of such complaint by customer. Rohto shall use a complaint reporting form
agreed upon by the Parties for reporting the information to Nuo. 

(i)           Post-Sale
Service, Technical Assistance, and Support. Rohto shall provide to its customers post-sale service, technical assistance and support
for Products sold by Rohto in the Territory, at Rohto s sole cost and expense (other than warranty claims in accordance with
this Agreement). 

6.              SUPPLY
OF PRODUCT . 

(a)           Transfer
Price. On and after the Transition Event, Rohto shall purchase, and Nuo shall supply all Products currently in production at the
Transfer Price. 

(b)           Trade
Term. 

The Transfer
Price for Product purchased by Rohto hereunder shall be Free Carrier ( FCA ), Nuo s Point of Shipment or other
trade term the Parties agree. 

(c)           Certain
Taxes. The Parties acknowledge that the Transfer Prices of Product do not include any sales, excise, use, value added or other
government taxes or duties that may be applicable to the export, import or purchase of the Product, including all income and income-based
taxes imposed on Nuo under applicable laws in Territory, which taxes shall be the sole responsibility of Rohto and Rohto agrees
that it will bear all such taxes and duties. 

(d)           Order
and Acceptance. All orders for Product shall be by means of a written purchase order which shall be submitted to Nuo at Nuo s
address for notice purposes set forth in Section 12(e), and shall request a delivery date. Orders may be placed by telephone, facsimile
transmission or, upon the Parties  agreement, by e-mail;  provided ,  however , that a signed confirming purchase
order is received by Nuo no later than ten (10) business days after such order. Nuo shall notify Rohto in writing within a reasonable
period of time from submission of the purchase order of any rejected order and the reason(s) for such rejection. 

(e)           Invoicing;
Payment. Nuo shall submit an invoice to Rohto with each shipment of Product ordered by Rohto. Such invoice shall be due and payable
thirty (30) days following the date of such invoice. All invoices shall be sent to Rohto s address for notice purposes
set forth in Section 12(e), without regard to the actual shipping address for the Product. Each such invoice shall state Rohto s
aggregate and unit purchase price for Product in the relevant shipment, plus any freight, taxes or other costs incident to the
purchase or shipment initially paid by Nuo and to be borne by Rohto hereunder. Rohto shall make all payments to Nuo under this
Agreement in United States dollars in immediately available funds to a bank account designated by Nuo in such invoice, or otherwise
designated by Nuo in writing. Rohto shall not take any credits or offsets against amounts billed Rohto by Nuo without Nuo s
prior written consent. 

(f)           Shipping;
Risk of Loss. 

(i)           All
Product delivered by Nuo pursuant to this Agreement shall be suitably packed for surface or air shipment, in Rohto s sole
discretion, in a bulk shipping carton per the requirements set forth in the applicable purchase order, marked for shipment to such
location or locations as Rohto may designate, and delivered to Rohto or its carrier, FCA, Nuo s Point of Shipment. Risk of
loss of Product shall pass to Rohto upon delivery to the carrier at the FCA Point of Shipment. 

(ii)          Nuo
shall ship all Product in accordance with Rohto s delivery instructions specified in Rohto s purchase orders;  provided ,
 however , that if Rohto does not provide delivery instructions with respect to the carrier to be used, Nuo may use its customary
carrier. Partial shipments are allowed. All freight, insurance and other shipping expenses, as well as any special packing expenses,
shall be paid by Rohto. Rohto shall also bear all applicable taxes and duties that may be assessed against the Product after delivery
to the carrier at the FCA Point of Shipment. 

(iii)         Nuo
shall use its good faith efforts to ship the Product within a reasonable amount of time after receipt and acceptance of Rohto s
purchase order for the Product, consistent with Nuo s shipping procedures in place from time to time. All shipments of Product
shall be deemed to conform to the relevant purchase order unless Nuo receives from Rohto, no later than fifteen (15) days after
the receiving date of a given shipment, written notice specifying the shipment, the purchase order number and the exact nature
of the discrepancy between the shipment and the order. 

7.              ADDITIONAL
OBLIGATIONS OF ROHTO . 

(a)           Compliance
with Laws. Rohto shall comply in all respects with the laws and regulations (including health and safety regulations) applicable
to the marketing, distribution, sale and service of Product within the Territory. Rohto shall monitor the appropriate information
sources in the Territory for material changes in such laws and regulations relating to the distribution of Product within the Territory
and notify Nuo in writing of all such material changes. 

(b)           U.S.
Export Controls. Rohto understands and acknowledges that Nuo is subject to regulation by agencies of the United States Government,
including the United States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of the Treasury, and the United States Food and
Drug Administration, which prohibit export or diversion of certain products and technology to certain countries. Any and all obligations
of Nuo to provide the Product, documentation, or any media in which any of the foregoing is contained, as well as any other technical
assistance shall be subject in all respects to such United States laws and regulations as shall from time to time govern the license
and delivery of technology and products abroad by Persons subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, including the Export
Administration Act of 1979, as amended, any successor legislation, and the Export Administration Regulations issued by the Department
of Commerce, Bureau of Export Administration. Rohto agrees to cooperate with Nuo, including providing required documentation, in
order to obtain export licenses or exemptions therefrom. 

(c)           Regulatory
Relationships. Rohto shall communicate with regulatory agencies within the Territory where the Product is registered, sold or serviced
by Rohto for purposes of monitoring and maintaining any necessary documents or filings required for Rohto to conduct sales of the
Product. 

(d)           No
Conflicting Commitments. Rohto shall not enter into any third party commitments or contracts for Product sales or service and repair
that supersedes or conflicts with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

(e)           Distribution
of Competitive Products.  Rohto agrees not to, directly or indirectly, distribute or otherwise offer
for sale platelet based products in wound care.  

(f)           Commercialization
Resources and Diligence. Rohto shall apply best efforts to the marketing, sales and customer support of the Product similar to
the effort and resources Rohto applies to its other products. 

8.              ADDITIONAL
OBLIGATIONS OF NUO . 

(a)           Compliance
with Laws. Notwithstanding Section 7 of this Agreement, Nuo will obtain and maintain at its expense the necessary regulatory clearances
in the United States supporting the approval and clearance of the Product. Nuo will assist Rohto, at Rohto s expense, in
obtaining regulatory clearances in Rohto s name for the Product. Nuo shall comply in all material respects with all laws
and regulations within the United States applicable to the manufacture, labeling, packaging and sale of the Product. Nuo shall
supply to Rohto only Product which has 510(k) clearance or for which an application for such clearance has been filed. 

(b)           Support.
Nuo shall provide consultation to Rohto concerning technical aspects, regulatory approvals, and use of the Product from time to
time as reasonably requested by Rohto. Nuo shall also provide consultation to Rohto regarding regulatory approvals within the Territory. 

(c)           Scientific
and Technical Information. Nuo shall provide to Rohto scientific and technical information available to Nuo and required for distribution
to obtain any registrations, licenses and permits required for the sale and distribution of the Product within the Territory, or
to respond to inquiries from customers or governmental or regulatory authorities. 

(d)           Product
Training. Nuo shall provide Product training for Rohto s product managers and field application specialists on an as-needed
basis to enable Rohto to promote the sale of Product and to perform post-sale customer training, technical assistance and support
for its customers. Such Product training shall be conducted, at times and locations requested by Rohto and agreed upon by Nuo,
and will be free of charge,  provided ,  however , that Rohto shall be responsible for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with such Product training, including travel, airfare and lodging expenses incurred by Rohto s personnel while
attending such training. In addition, Nuo will provide Product updates and service bulletins as they become available. 

(e)           Information
Reporting. Nuo shall provide to Rohto, at Nuo s expense, (i) information regarding any discovered defects in the Product,
or any malfunction or deterioration in the performance of the Products, and (ii) any inadequacy in the labeling or the instructions
for use. Rohto is responsible for disseminating the information to customers and sales representatives as appropriate. 

(f)           Registrations,
Licenses and Patents. Nuo shall, as necessary to support approval, registration and licensing of the Products by Rohto in the Territory:
(a) maintain all current regulatory files, registrations and licenses for Products outside of the Territory, (b) maintain and pay
fees associated with any third party intellectual property licenses, if any, necessary to practice the rights granted under this
Agreement, and (c) maintain and pay the associated filing and maintenance fees for all patents owned by Nuo. 

(g)           Responsible
Person. Rohto shall notify the competent authorities in Territory that it has been designated as the person responsible for the
marketing and distribution of the Product within the Territory, and Rohto s address for notice purposes in Section 12(e)
shall be the principal place of business for such purposes. 

(h)           Inventory
Requirement. Nuo or its contracted manufacturers will maintain no less than forty five (45) days  finished goods inventories
of Products based upon Rohto s annual unit forecast, updated on a rolling quarterly basis, pursuant to Section 5(d) above,
and forty five (45) days  inventory of service and support parts, based on historical usage, to assure supply of Product
for customers. 

(i)          Indemnity
Obligations. Nuo will indemnify, hold harmless and upon Rohto s request, defend at its own expense Rohto and its officers,
directors, employees, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the  Rohto Indemnified Persons )
from and against any loss, claim, cost, suit, action, liability, judgment, decree, damage or expense including reasonable attorney s
fees, imposed upon, incurred by or asserted against the Rohto Indemnified Persons, arising from any third party claim, demand or
action arising from (i) the infringement or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of a third party by a Product
or use thereof, or Rohto s use of the Nuo Trademarks, pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) any defect in the manufacturing
or design of a Product. 

9.              REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARTIES . 

(a)           Nuo.
Nuo hereby represents and warrants to Distributor that: 

(i)           Nuo
is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has all
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its businesses as it is currently being
conducted. Nuo has all necessary corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder.
This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Nuo. 

(ii)          The
execution, delivery and performance by Nuo of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not
violate or conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Nuo, any material contract, agreement or instrument to which
Nuo is a party or by which it or its properties are bound, or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body
or arbitrator by which Nuo is bound, or any law, rule or regulation applicable to Nuo. 

(iii)         As
of the Effective Date Nuo has terminated the License And Distribution Agreement executed as of September 10, 2009 between Cytomedix
(now Nuo) and Millennia Holdings, Inc. 

(iv)         Nuo
holds valid licenses to third party intellectual property, if any, necessary to practice the rights granted in this Agreement.
Further, Nuo is the sole, exclusive and lawful owner of all right, title and interest in and to the applicable Nuo Technology incorporated
in the Product and to the Nuo Trademarks.  Nuo has not granted to any other Person any license,
franchise  or other rights to acquire, use or exploit the Nuo Technology within the Territory (or any portion thereof). Nuo
has the right to grant the license, distribution and other rights to Rohto hereunder .   

(v)          Nuo
has in place, and shall have in place during the time that the manufacturing of the Products remains under its regulatory control:
(1) a quality management system that meets the requirements of current ISO 13485:2003 and 21CFR820; (2) required U.S. FDA registrations;
(3) good manufacturing practice (GMP) controls at all manufacturing facilities associated with Product; (4) a change management
system to control internal and supplier processes, so that changes to processes, contact materials and devices/components are approved
by Nuo prior to implementation; (5) special process validations, specifically for cleaning, sterile barrier packaging and sterilization;
and (6) sterilizers which maintain proper ISO certifications .  

(b)           Rohto.
Rohto hereby represents and warrants to Nuo that: 

(i)           Rohto
is a company duly organized and existing under the laws of Territory, and has all power and authority to own, lease and operate
its properties and to carry on its businesses as currently conducted. Rohto has all necessary power and authority to enter into
this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Rohto. 

(ii)          The
execution, delivery and performance by Rohto of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do
not violate or conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Rohto, any material contract, agreement or instrument
to which Rohto is a party or by which it or its properties are bound, or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental
body or arbitrator by which Rohto is bound, or any law, rule or regulation applicable to Rohto. 

(iii)         Rohto
has (directly and/or with its Affiliates) the distribution facilities and personnel reasonably necessary to perform its functions
and otherwise carry out its obligations under the terms of this Agreement. 

10.            TERM
AND TERMINATION . 

(a)           Term.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for fifteen (15) years (the  Initial Term ),
unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10(b). If prior to the expiration of the Initial Term either Party has not provided
the other Party with written notice of termination at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement
shall be automatically renewed for additional one (1) year periods (the  Renewal Term  and together with Initial Term,
the  Term ), subject to termination during such Renewal Terms as set forth in this Agreement. 

(b)           Termination
of Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated as follows: 

(i)           The
Parties may terminate this Agreement upon their mutual written agreement. 

(ii)          Nuo
may terminate this Agreement if Rohto breaches any of its material representations, warranties, covenants or obligations under
this Agreement and such breach continues for a period of thirty (30) days following Rohto s receipt of written notice from
Nuo setting forth the nature of such breach. 

(iii)         Rohto
may terminate this Agreement if Nuo breaches any of its material representations, warranties, covenants or obligations under this
Agreement and such breach continues for a period of thirty (30) days following Nuo s receipt of written notice from Rohto
setting forth the nature of such breach. 

(iv)         One
Party may terminate immediately this Agreement by written notice to the other Party upon the occurrence of any of the following
events: (i) the other Party is or becomes insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they become due within the meaning of the United
States Bankruptcy Code (or any successor statute) or any analogous foreign statute; or (ii) the other Party appoints or has appointed
a receiver for all or substantially all of its assets, or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (iii) the other
Party files a voluntary petition under the United States Bankruptcy Code (or any successor statute) or any analogous foreign statute;
or (iv) the other Party has filed against it an involuntary petition under the United States Bankruptcy Code (or any successor
statute) or any analogous foreign statute, and such petition is not dismissed within ninety (90) days. 

(v)          After
the Initial Term or each Renewal Term, either Party may terminate this Agreement at the end of the current Renewal Term by giving
the other Party written notice of termination at least six (6) months prior to the end of the current Renewal Term. 

(c)           Effect
of Termination. 

(i)           The
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any Party of any of its rights or liabilities arising prior
to or upon such expiration or earlier termination. 

(ii)          Within
ten (10) business days following the effective date of the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Rohto shall provide
to Nuo a complete inventory of Product in Rohto s possession, in transit between Rohto s authorized locations or in
transit to Rohto from Nuo or otherwise in Rohto s control. Nuo may inspect Rohto s Product inventory and audit Rohto s
records in the manner provided herein. 

(iii)         If
Rohto gives written notice of its intention not to renew for the Renewal Term in accordance with this Agreement, then Rohto and
Nuo shall meet to establish a transition plan. In addition to establishing a transition plan, Rohto shall: 

(1)          make
available any existing inventory of Product to Nuo, including any Product that has been customized by Rohto; 

(2)          transfer
and assign all regulatory certifications or licenses related to the Product; 

(3)          provide
customer information needed to facilitate the orderly transition of the sale and marketing of the Product; 

(4)          transition
all manufacturing and vendor agreements; 

(5)          negotiate
in good faith to provide a license to use any Rohto Intellectual Property related to or used in the sale of the Products by Rohto
pursuant to this Agreement; and 

(6)          take
any other action reasonably requested by Nuo to facilitate the orderly transition of the sale and marketing of the Product in the
Territory following expiration of the Term. 

(iv)         Notwithstanding
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Rohto may continue to market, distribute and sell Products within the
Territory after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement until the earlier of (i) the date that Rohto has sold all
of its Product inventory existing as of the effective date of expiration or earlier termination and (ii) the six (6)-month anniversary
of the effective date of expiration or earlier termination. 

(d)           Force
Majeure. Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for non-performance of or delay in performing its obligations hereunder
to the extent that performance is rendered impossible by strike, riot, war, acts of God, acts of terrorism, earthquake, fire, flood,
governmental acts or orders or restrictions, failure of suppliers, or any other reason to the extent that the failure to perform
is beyond the reasonable control of the non-performing Party. 

11.           CONFIDENTIALITY . 

(a)           Confidentiality.
Each Party acknowledges that, in the course of performing its duties and obligations under this Agreement, certain information
that is confidential or proprietary to such Party ( Confidential Information ) will be furnished by the other Party
or such other Party s representatives. Each Party agrees that any Confidential Information furnished by the other Party or
such other Party s representatives will not be used by it or its representatives except in connection with, and for the purposes
of, the development, promotion, marketing, distribution and sale of Products under this Agreement and, except as provided herein,
will not be disclosed by it or its representatives without the prior written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Parties agree that other than trade secrets (as defined under the Uniform Trade Secrets Act or its equivalent in the Territory)
all Confidential Information shall be clearly marked  CONFIDENTIAL  or, if furnished in oral form, shall be stated
to be confidential by the Party disclosing such information at the time of such disclosure and reduced to a writing by the Party
disclosing such information which is furnished to the other Party or such other Party s representatives within forty-five
(45) days after such disclosure. 

(b)           Exceptions.
The confidentiality obligations of each Party under Section 11(a) do not extend to any Confidential Information furnished
by the other Party or such other Party s representatives that (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than
as a result of a disclosure by such Party or its representatives, (ii) was available to such Party or its representatives on a
non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure thereto by the other Party or such other Party s representatives, (iii) was
independently developed without the use of the other Party s Confidential Information by representatives of such Party who
did not have access to the other Party s Confidential Information, as established by contemporaneous written records, or
(iv) becomes available to such Party or its representatives on an non-confidential basis from a source other than the other Party
or such other Party s representatives;  provided ,  however , that such source is not bound by a confidentiality
agreement with the other Party or such other Party s representatives. 

(c)           Authorized
Disclosure. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Party may disclose Confidential Information of the other
Party: (i) to the extent required to comply with applicable legal requirements including as part of regular securities law reporting
requirements and/or in accordance with securities regulatory authority or securities exchange rules, demands and/or practice; (ii)
to the extent and to the persons and entities required by rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers;  provided ,
 however , that the responding Party shall first have given prompt notice to the other Party hereto to enable it to seek any
available exemptions from or limitations on such disclosure requirement and shall reasonably cooperate in such efforts by the other
Party; or (iii) as necessary to file or prosecute patent applications, prosecute or defend litigation or otherwise establish rights
or enforce obligations under this Agreement, but only to the extent that any such disclosure is necessary. 

(d)           Compelled
Disclosure. In the event that either Party or its representatives are requested or become legally compelled (by oral questions,
interrogatories, requests for information or document subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any
Confidential Information furnished by the other Party or such other Party s representatives or the fact that such Confidential
Information has been made available to it, such Party agrees that it or its representatives, as the case may be, will provide the
other Party with prompt written notice of such request(s) so that the other Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate
remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is
not obtained, or that the other Party waives compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, such Party agrees that it will furnish
only that portion of such Confidential Information that is legally required and will exercise its best efforts to obtain reliable
assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to that portion of such Confidential Information and other information being
disclosed. 

(e)           Ownership
of Confidential Information. The Party disclosing or otherwise furnishing Confidential Information to the other Party will retain
the exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to such Confidential Information. 

(f)           Survival.
The obligations of the Parties under this Section 11 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for
a period of three (3) years;  provided ,  however , that information that is a  trade secret  shall be not
be used and shall be kept confidential by the Party receiving such Confidential Information from the disclosing Party until such
information is no longer deemed a  trade secret  under the Uniform Trade Secrets Act or its equivalent in the Territory. 

12.           GENERAL
PROVISIONS . 

(a)           Independent
Contractors. The relationship of Nuo and Rohto established by this Agreement is that of independent contractors, and nothing shall
be deemed to create or imply any employer/employee, principal/agent, partner/partner or co-venturer relationship, or that the
Parties are participants in a common undertaking. Neither Party may direct or control the activities of the other Party or incur
or assume any obligation on behalf of the other Party or bind such other Party to any obligation for any purpose whatsoever. 

(b)           Governing
Law. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall be governed,
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to rules of conflicts or choice
of laws.  

(c)           Dispute
Resolution. Any disputes or controversies which may arise between parties in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled
by arbitration. Such arbitration shall be held in English, in Wilmington, Delaware, the United States, pursuant to the Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association if arbitration proceedings are initiated by Rohto, and in Osaka, Japan,
pursuant to the rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce if arbitration proceedings are initiated
by Nuo. The decision of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may
be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator(s) shall be authorized to award any relief, whether legal or
equitable, to the Party so entitled to such relief. 

(d)           Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and any schedules, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties
relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written, and all contemporary oral, negotiations, agreements
and understandings with respect to the same. 

(e)           Notices.
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be
deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) by delivery in person, by cable, facsimile or international courier, or by registered
or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), to the other Party at the following address (or at such other address
for which such Party gives notice hereunder): 

If to Rohto: 

ROHTO Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 
Grand Front Osaka Tower-B 29F 3-1,, Ofuka-cho, Kita-ku, 
Osaka 530-0011   Japan 
Attn: Division Manager, Medical Business Promotion Division 
Telephone: +81 6 6758 1344 
Facsimile:+81 6 6758 1244 

If to Nuo: 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 
207 Perry Parkway, Suite 1 
Gaithersburg, MD 20877 
Attention: Office of the Controller 
Telephone: (240) 499-2680 
Facsimile: 

(f)           Assignment
and Binding Effect. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither Party may, directly or indirectly, assign its rights
or delegate its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party;  provided  that Nuo may
assign this Agreement (i) to an Affiliate, (ii) to a successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of Nuo, (iii)
to any secured party in connection with its rights under the credit agreement and the other financing documents. No permitted assignment
of rights or delegation of duties under this Agreement shall relieve the assigning or delegating Party of its liabilities hereunder.
For purposes of this Agreement, either Party shall be deemed to have assigned this Agreement in the event of a Change of Control
with respect to such Party. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement is binding upon, and inures to the benefit of, the Parties
and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

(g)           Partial
Invalidity. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remaining provisions
shall remain, nevertheless, in full force and effect. The Parties agree to renegotiate in good faith any term held invalid and
to be bound by the mutually agreed substitute provision in order to give the most approximate effect intended by the Parties. 

(h)           No
Waiver; Amendment. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement shall be valid or binding on any Party unless agreed to
in writing by the Party to be charged. The failure of either Party to enforce at any time any of the provisions of the Agreement,
or the failure to require at any time performance by the other Party of any of the provisions of this Agreement, shall in no way
be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provisions, nor in any way affect the validity of either Party to enforce
each and every such provision thereafter. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by the written agreement of the
Parties. 

(i)           Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, taken together,
shall constitute one instrument. 

(j)           Consent
Not Unreasonably Withheld. No Party given the right to approve or consent to any matter shall unreasonably withhold, condition
or delay its approval or consent. The failure to respond in writing within any specified time period shall be deemed unconditioned
approval of or consent to the relevant matter;  provided  that the Party requesting such approval or consent gives written
notice requesting a response at least two (2) business days prior to the expiration of the specified time period, if any. 

(k)           Construction;
Interpretation. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. Any section, recital, exhibit, schedule and Party references are to this Agreement unless
otherwise stated. No Party, nor its counsel, shall be deemed the drafter of this Agreement for purposes of construing the provisions
of this Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with their fair meaning, and not strictly
for or against any Party. Each Party hereby acknowledges that they have not relied on any promise, representation or warranty that
is not set forth in this Agreement. Whenever the words  include,   includes,   including  or
similar expressions are used in this Agreement, they will be understood be followed by the words  without limitation. 
All references to  $  or  dollars  are to U.S. dollars, and all amounts to be calculated or paid under
this Agreement will be in U.S. dollars. 

(l)           Further
Assurances. Each Party agrees to cooperate fully with the other and execute such instruments, documents and agreements and take
such further actions to carry out the intents and purposes of this Agreement. 

(m)           Press
Releases and Announcements. Except as may be contemplated hereunder, neither Party may issue any press release, product any professional
publications or make any public announcement concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement without the prior consent
of the other Party, except for any releases, publications or announcements which may be required by or, in such Party s discretion,
reasonably necessary under applicable law, in which case the Party proposing to make such release or announcement will allow the
other Party a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such release, publications or announcement in advance of such issuance
or making. 

[Remainder of
This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]   

In
Witness Whereof  , each of the undersigned has caused this Agreement to be duly executed. 

Nuo therapeutics Inc.    

Date: January 5, 2015    
      By:  
     /s/ Martin Rosendale  

Name: Martin Rosendale   

Title:  CEO  

ROHTO Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    

By:  
     /s/ Kunio Yamada  

Name: Kunio Yamada   

Title: CEO   

Exhibit 1 
 
Nuo Patent 

Exhibit 2 
 
Nuo Trademark 

AURIX 

AURIX SYSTEM 

AUTOLOGEL 

CYTOMEDIX 

NUO THERAPEUTICS 

Exhibit 3 
 
Product 

Centrifuge II 

Wound Dressing Kit Section I 

S-Monovette Tubes 
     ACD-A, 6.0ml  
 
     Safety-MultiFly Set 
     21g x     
 
     Tourniquet 

Alcohol Prep Pads 
     2-Ply Medium, Saturated with 70%  
 
     Gauze Sponges 

Adhesive Bandage Strips 

Foam Tub Holder 

Wound Dressing Kit Section II 

Alcohol Prep Pads 
     2-Ply Medium, Saturated with 70%  
 
     Gauze Sponges 

3 mL Syringe w/Needle 
     20 G x 1   
 
     5 mL Syringe w/Needle 
     20 G x 1   
 
     20 mL Syringe w/Needle 

3 Way Stop Lock 
     Discofix  
 
     Blunt Needle 
     Monoject 16  x 1     
 
     Skin Protection Wipe 
     Cavilon No Sting Barrier Film, 1.0 ml  
 
     N-Terface Dressing 
     4  x 12  Strip  

Reagent Kit   

Ascor L 500, Ascorbic Acid Injection, USP,  500mg/mL 
     McGuff Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
 
     Calcium Chloride Injection, USP, 10% 
     American Reagents, Inc.  
 
     Thrombin Topical (Bovine Origin) USP, Thrombin-JMI 5,000U 
     Kings Pharmaceuticals  

Exhibit   
4  

Transfer Price  

Procurement Cost  
      10% Mark-up   

Centrifuge II 
     TBD  

Wound Dressing Kit 
     TBD  

Reagent Kit 
     TBD  

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 4
 v446039_ex10-33.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33

Exhibit 10.33  

AMENDMENT No. 5 TO LICENSING AND
DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT  

This   Amendment
No. 5   to LICENSING AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this   Amendment No. 5  ) is dated as of December
31, 2014 by and between   Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.   (formerly Cytomedix Inc.),
a Delaware corporation, with principal office at 207 Perry Parkway, Suite 1, Gaithersburg, MD 20877 (  Nuo   or
  Cytomedix  ) and   Millennia Holdings, Inc.,   a California
cooperation, with principal office at 3731 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 900, Los Angeles, CA 90010 (  Millennia  ). Capitalized
terms used in this Amendment No. 5 shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement (as defined below). 

RECITALS 

A.   Cytomedix  and Millennia have entered into that certain Licensing and Distribution Agreement
dated September 10 th , 2009, as amended by the following amendments: (i) Amendment to Licensing and Distribution
Agreement dated as of September 10, 2012; (ii) Amendment No. 2 to Licensing and Distribution Agreement dated as of March 10,
2013; (iii) Amendment No. 3 to Licensing and Distribution Agreement dated as of November 8, 2013; and (iv) Amendment No. 4
to Licensing and Distribution Agreement dated as of April 22, 2014 (the   Agreement  ).   

B.  Nuo (as successor of  Cytomedix ) and Millennia have agreed to further amend the Agreement
in order to terminate the Agreement and allow for Nuo to transfer the exclusivity rights set forth in the Agreement from Millennia
to ROHTO Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a Japanese company, with its principal office at 1-8-1 Tatsumi-nishi, Ikuno-ku, Osaka 544-8666,
Japan (   RHOTO   ) by Nuo entering into that certain Exclusive License
and Distribution Agreement with ROHTO dated as of December 31, 2014 (the   RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement  ), which
is attached to, but is not and shall not be incorporated into this Amendment No. 5.   

Now  ,
  Therefore  , in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the parties intending to be legally bound agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

1.    Termination of Agreement; Effectiveness of this Amendment
No. 5 . 

(a)           The Agreement is hereby terminated
effective as of the effective date of the RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement;  provided ,  however , that the terms and conditions
set forth in  Exhibit A  to the Licensing and Distribution Agreement dated September 10 th , 2009 shall not be terminated
and shall be incorporated into this Amendment No. 5 as if full set forth herein. For greater certainty, references to  the
Agreement  in this Amendment No. 5 shall  not  include this Amendment No. 5. 

(b)           This Amendment No. 5 shall only
become effective as of the effective date of the RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement. 

2.    Continue Obligations of Millennia . 

Millennia will provide clinical data and
support reasonably requested by Rohto to facilitate a smooth transition of the licensing and distribution relationship from Millennia
to Rohto. Millennia or Millennia Cooperation, a Japan corporation, with principal office at 17-1, Nihonbashi, Hakozaki-cho, Hakozaki
Regent Bldg., 3F, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan ( MJ ) shall continue working with Rohto on the clinical studies and market
penetration for the Aurix System as contemplated by the RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement. Millennia or MJ will continue to support Rohto
with clinical data, wound care knowledge, and general market assistance. 

3.    Fees and Royalty to Millennia . 

(a)           During the term of the RHOTO/Nuo
License Agreement, provided that Millennia performs its obligations pursuant to the terms of this Amendment No. 5, the following
fees shall be paid to Millennia by wire transfer within five business days after Nuo receives the corresponding payments from Rohto: 

(i)           Fees : 

(1)           Upon receiving a USD$3,000,000
upfront fee from Rohto, Nuo will pay Millennia a non-refundable fee of USD$1,500,000. 

(2)           Upon receiving the USD$1,000,000
milestone fee from Rohto for achievement of NHI pricing, Nuo will pay non-refundable USD$500,000 to Millennia. 

(3)           In the event that Rohto pays
Nuo additional fees for expansion into other Asian territories, and assuming RHOTO has complied with the performance criteria established
between Nuo and Rohto, all as contemplated by the RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement, upon Nuo s receipt of such additional fees
from Rohto, Nuo will pay Millennia an amount equal to 50% of such additional fees. 

(ii)          Royalty : 

(1)           To support ongoing market and
clinical activities, Millennia will receive 10% of the royalties paid by RHOTO to Nuo under the RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement. This
amount is equal to 0.9% of the  Net Sales  (as defined in the RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement). 

(2)           Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Amendment No. 5 or in the RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement, the maximum amount of all royalties paid to Millennia
shall be USD$5,000,000 in the aggregate. 

(b)           All of Nuo s obligations
to make any payments under this Amendment No. 5 is subject to Nuo receiving the corresponding payments from RHOTO pursuant to the
RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement. 

4.    Miscellaneous . 

(a)           Except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Amendment No. 5 or as may be otherwise agreed between the parties, each party shall each pay its respective expenses
incident to this Amendment No. 5 and the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the fees and disbursements
of their respective counsel), and no party to this Amendment No. 5 shall have any liability for such expenses incurred by any other
party, except as may be provided for in writing. 

(b)           Neither party may assign this
Amendment No. 5, in whole or in part, or any rights hereunder without the other party s written consent. This Amendment No.
5 shall inure to the benefit and be binding upon the parties and their respective successors and assignees. Except as provided
in this Amendment No. 5, nothing expressed or mentioned in this Amendment No. 5 is intended or shall be construed to give any person,
other than the parties to it and their respective successors and assignees, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
or with respect to this Amendment No. 5 or any of its provisions. 

(c)           Each party acknowledges that
the remedy at law for its breach of any provisions of this Amendment No. 5 may be inadequate, and that the damages flowing from
such breach may not be susceptible to being measured in monetary terms. In the event of either party s noncompliance or violation,
as the case may be, of certain terms, representations, covenants and conditions set forth in this Amendment No. 5, the non-breaching
party may alternatively apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, injunctive relief, and/or
such other legal and equitable remedies as may be appropriate because the non-breaching party would have no adequate remedy at
law for such violation or noncompliance. Nothing in this paragraph will be deemed to limit a party s remedies at law or in
equity that may be pursued or availed by it for any breach by the other party of any part of this Amendment No. 5. A party will
be entitled to recover the reasonable costs and attorneys  fees incurred in seeking relief for any such breach, if it is
successful in doing so. 

(d)           If any portion of this Amendment
No. 5 shall be held invalid or inoperative, then so far as is reasonable and possible, the remainder of this Amendment No. 5 shall
be considered valid and operative; and to the extent possible under applicable law, effect shall be given to the intent of the
portion held invalid or inoperative. 

(e)           This Amendment No. 5 may not
be modified or amended except by written agreement executed by each of the parties to this Amendment No. 5. This Amendment No.
5 may be executed in a number of identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which constitute,
collectively, one and the same Agreement; but, in making proof of this Amendment No. 5, it shall not be necessary to produce or
account for more than one counterpart. 

(f)           This Amendment No. 5 shall automatically
terminate upon the termination of the RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement. Millennia shall never (i) challenge the validity or ownership
of any of the Licensed Technologies by Nuo or (ii) contest the fact that Millennia s rights under this Amendment No. 5 shall
terminate upon termination of the RHOTO/Nuo License Agreement or this Amendment No. 5. 

(g)           Each party represents and warrants
that it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment No. 5 and that neither the execution nor the delivery
of this Amendment No. 5, nor the finalization of the transactions contemplated hereby shall violate any provision of existing law
or any existing judgment, injunction, writ, order or decree of any court or governmental authorities or other authority having
jurisdiction over it, or will result in or constitute a breach or default under any indenture, contract, other commitment or restriction
to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or shall require any consent, vote or approval which has not been taken, or at
the time of the transaction involved shall not have been given or taken. 

(h)          The parties to this Amendment
No. 5 covenant and agree that they will execute any other and further instruments and documents which reasonably are or may become
necessary or convenient to effectuate and carry out this Amendment No. 5. 

(i)            Except as specifically contemplated
hereby, this Amendment No. 5 (which, for greater certainty, includes the  Exhibit A  referenced in Section 1(a)) contains
the entire understanding between the parties and supersedes prior understandings or written or oral agreements between the parties
with respect to the subject matter of this Amendment No. 5. Each party acknowledges that the other has made no representations
or warranties to it concerning the terms, enforceability, or implications of this Amendment No. 5 and that none has provided any
inducement for the other to execute this Amendment No. 5 other than the consideration referred to herein. 

(j)           This Amendment No. 5 and all
acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be governed, construed and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to rules of conflicts or choice of laws. Any disputes or
controversies which may arise between parties in connection with this Amendment No. 5 shall be finally settled by arbitration.
Such arbitration shall be held in English, in Wilmington, Delaware, the United States, pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules
of the American Arbitration Association. The decision of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award
rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator(s) shall be authorized to
award any relief, whether legal or equitable, to the party so entitled to such relief. 

[Remainder of this
Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]   

In
Witness Whereof  , this Amendment No. 5 has been executed on the date first written. 

Nuo therapeutics, Inc.   
       
       Millennia Holdings, Inc.    

By:  
      /s/ Martin Rosendale  
       
      By:  
      /s/ Eric Chen   

Martin Rosendale, CEO  

Eric Chen, CEO   

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.39>
 5
 v446039_ex10-39.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.39

Exhibit 10.39  

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT  

THIS COLLABORATION AGREEMENT (the  Agreement ),
is entered into as of March 22, 2016 (the  Signing Date ) by and between Restorix Health, Inc. ( Restorix 
), a Nevada corporation, with its principal offices at 455 Hamilton Avenue, White Plains, NY 10601, and Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.
( Nuo ), a Delaware corporation, with its principal offices at 207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1, Gaithersburg, Maryland
20877. Restorix and Nuo may at times be referred to herein individually as a  Party  or collectively as the  Parties.  

WITNESSETH   

WHEREAS , Nuo is an autologous regenerative
therapies company commercializing innovative platelet based technologies for wound care, specifically the Aurix  System,
a device for the production of an autologous biologic hematogel for use on a variety of chronic wounds; 

WHEREAS , Nuo has engaged the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (the  CMS ) and presented evidence sufficiently in support of autologous platelet
rich plasma for CMS to issue a Decision Memo for Autologous Blood-Derived Products for Chronic Non-Healing Wounds (  NCD 
and/or  CAG-00190R3 ) that provides for coverage of Aurix under its Coverage with Evidence Development ( CED )
program for patients with certain chronic non-healing wounds and when that patient is enrolled in one of three prospective clinical
research studies primarily consisting of patient data collection (the  Protocols ); 

WHEREAS , Restorix is a wound management
company which has various management contracts with approximately 125 hospital outpatient wound care clinics ( RXH Partner
Hospitals ); 

WHEREAS , on January 26, 2016 Nuo filed
a voluntary petition for reorganization under chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C.   101 et seq.
(the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court )
under Case No. 16-10192 (MFW); 

WHEREAS , Nuo continues to operate as
a debtor in possession in accordance with   1107 and 1108 of the Bankruptcy Code; and 

WHEREAS , Nuo and Restorix wish to enter
into a collaboration agreement whereby, among other things, Restorix will be provided certain geographic exclusivity benefits over
a defined period of time for the usage of Aurix in up to thirty (30) of RXH Partner Hospitals in exchange for minimum commitments
of patients enrolled in the Protocols necessary to maintain such exclusivity, all on those terms and conditions hereinafter set
forth. 

NOW ,  THEREFORE , in consideration
of the foregoing, of the mutual promises herein contained, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.     Effectiveness  . Except as otherwise provided in Section 15 hereof, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect
unless and until each of the following conditions are satisfied:   

a.  This Agreement is signed by each Party and such Party s counterpart is delivered to the other Party.   

b.  This Agreement is approved by order of the Bankruptcy Court, which is in form and substance acceptable to Restorix (the  Approval
Order ).   

c.  The Approval Order becomes final and non-appealable (unless such condition is waived, in writing, by Restorix).   

The day on which all of the foregoing
conditions are first satisfied (or waived) is hereinafter referred to as the  Effective Date.  

a.  Restorix will provide access and support as reasonably necessary and appropriate at up to thirty (30) RXH Partner Hospitals
to identify and enroll patients into the Protocols including senior executive level support and leadership to the collaboration
and its enrollment goals. The enrollment goals are specifically outlined in Exhibit A by site or by a  cluster  of
sites where enrollment can be aggregated for purposes of meeting the enrollment goals. The Parties acknowledge that Exhibit A is
an output growing out of joint discussions between Nuo and Restorix and they are in agreement on its content as of the Signing
Date. The Parties shall promptly confer with respect to determining which of the RXH Partner Hospitals will participate in the
program and, once agreement is reached, the names of such hospitals shall be memorialized in a separate letter agreement signed
by the Parties.   

b.  Restorix will reasonably assist Nuo to correct through a query process, any patient data submitted having incomplete or inaccurate
data fields.   

c.  Nuo will provide:   

i.  clinical support services by Nuo clinical staff as reasonably agreed between Nuo and Restorix as necessary and appropriate;   

ii.  reasonable and necessary reimbursement support in the context of the NCD and the CED program;   

iii.  coverage of Institutional Review Board (IRB) fees and payment to Restorix for training costs subject to a limitation of coverage
for up to five (5) sites (on a rolling basis) until site enrollment expectations have been proven over the site s initial
90 days at which point any IRB fees paid by Restorix directly and training costs will be reimbursed by Nuo to Restorix or the RXH
Partner Hospital as appropriate; and   

iv.  community focused public relations materials for participating RXH Partner Hospitals to promote the use of Aurix and participation
in the Protocols.   

d.  The Parties agree that, with respect to the initial RXH Partner Hospitals (totaling a minimum of four (4)), each such hospital
will be actively screening patients for enrollment into the Protocols within 30 days after the date that each such hospital obtains
IRB approval to participate in the program (the  Enrollment Date ).   

a.    Plan of Reorganization  . Restorix understands that Nuo intends to reorganize its business and recapitalize its
balance sheet through consummation of a plan of reorganization whereby Nuo is required to raise $10,500,000 of committed common
equity capital by the effective date of the plan ( Nuo POR ). In the event Nuo is unsuccessful in raising the required
capital, then Nuo s senior secured lender will receive 95% of the common equity in the reorganized debtor ( Lender
POR ). Given the proposed timeline to consummate either POR, it is unlikely that this Agreement will be fully performed prior
to consummation of a Nuo POR or Lender POR. Consequently Restorix has agreed to enter into this Agreement with Nuo, as a debtor
in possession, based upon Nuo s assurance that this Agreement will be assumed in connection with consummation of the Nuo
POR. If the Agreement is not assumed upon consummation of the Nuo POR, it shall be conclusively deemed rejected and terminated
as of the date of consummation of the Nuo POR, which shall give rise to a termination fee of $150,000 (the  Termination Fee )
payable by Nuo to Restorix within 5 business days of effective date of a Nuo POR. In the event of a Lender POR, if the agreement
is not assumed upon consummation of the Lender POR, it shall be conclusively deemed rejected and terminated as of the date of consummation
of the Lender POR but there will be no obligation of Nuo or the Lender to pay the Termination Fee. Regardless of whether Nuo is
in default of any of its obligations under the Agreement, Nuo and Restorix agree that the provisions of  365(b) of the Bankruptcy
Code regarding the cure of any defaults shall apply to Nuo s assumption of this Agreement under, or in connection with, a
Nuo POR.   

b.    Administrative Expense Priority  . All claims of Restorix arising under this Agreement, whether for Restorix s
services hereunder, damages for Nuo s breach of this Agreement (subject to the limitations in Section 12 hereof), or otherwise,
shall have priority in payment as administrative expense claims under  503(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. In addition, in the
event of a 363 Sale, the Successful Bidder shall be obligated to assume and pay Nuo s obligations with respect to the Termination
Fee, if any, due to Restorix.   

4.     Term and Termination  .   

a.  This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for two years from the Effective Date (the  Initial
Term ). This Agreement may be extended one or more times with the mutual consent of both Parties (each such extension, an
 Extension Term,  and together with the Initial Term, the  Term ).   

b.  This Agreement can be terminated by either Party for material breach subject to a sixty (60) day cure period. Material breach
may include, but is not limited to, the failure of either Party to pay any required amounts due to the other Party under this Agreement.
Nuo hereby waives the protection of  362 of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the exercise by Restorix of its right to terminate
this Agreement for material breach. For the elimination of all doubt, Restorix shall have the right to terminate this Agreement
for material breach without having to obtain relief from the automatic stay arising under  362 of the Bankruptcy Code from
the Bankruptcy Court or any other court.   

c.  In the event this Agreement is assigned by Nuo to a Successful Bidder under paragraph 3(b) hereof without Restorix s
written consent, Restorix, for a period of sixty (60) days after receiving written notice of consummation of the 363 Sale, shall
have the right to terminate this Agreement for any or no reason.   

5.     Exclusivity  .   

a.  During the Term Restorix will have site specific geographic exclusivity for usage of Aurix in connection with treatment of
patients in the Protocols within a thirty (30) mile radius of each RXH Partner Hospital, provided the following condition is maintained:   

i.  an individual RXH Partner Hospital meets the established enrollment goals detailed on Exhibit A for such RXH Partner Hospitals
at a minimum of 85% on a rolling two months basis. Should a site (or site cluster) fail to maintain the required minimum enrollment,
then such site will be allowed a 60 day cure period to return to 100% of the enrollment expectation for the 120 day trailing period.
Site level geographic exclusivity will be terminated, at Nuo s sole option, if enrollment goals are not met over the cumulative
120 day period.   

b.  Nuo will not provide corporate exclusivity with any other wound management company operating in excess of 19 wound care facilities
for any similar arrangement during the Term provided the following condition is maintained:   

i.  no more than thirty percent (30%) of RXH Partner Hospitals can be failing to maintain their site specific geographic exclusivity
under paragraph 5(a) above or Nuo maintains the exclusive right to terminate any remaining portion of the Term s corporate
exclusivity.   

c.  Existing Nuo CED sites (including those potential sites where active engagement has commenced with regard to potential participation
in the Protocols) will not be subject to the geographic exclusivity provisions in paragraph 5(a) above. Nuo and Restorix both agree
to mutually cooperate to resolve any issues about site and geographic exclusivity for the overall benefit of patient enrollment
into the Protocols.   

6.     Compensation  .   

a.    Fees  . Nuo shall pay to Restorix or the RXH Partner Hospital, as the case may be, a per patient data collection
(administrative) fee of $500 per patient. The data collection fee will be paid at the conclusion of the patient s treatment
regimen once the accurate and complete set of required information has been delivered to the firm responsible for such data collection.
Such data collection fees will be invoiced to Nuo in the regular course and subject to normal payment procedures and terms. Restorix
agrees that they have no ownership of the data collected under the Protocols and will not publish any data collected under the
Protocols without prior Nuo consent.   

b.    Expenses  . As outlined in paragraph 2(c)(iii) above, Nuo shall be responsible and pay for any IRB fees necessary
to conduct the Protocols and enroll patients. Additionally, Nuo shall pay Restorix a training cost stipend of $2,500 per site within
thirty (30) days of each of the RXH Partner Hospital s respective Enrollment Date and subsequent training session.   

c.    Product Payment  . For each Aurix System kit ordered, each RXH Partner Hospital shall pay Nuo in the normal course
and subject to standard payment terms the then current product price (which product price shall be $700 in 2016 and no greater
than $750 in the remainder of the Initial Term) which is reimbursed by CMS according to the Medicare Reimbursement Information
attached as Exhibit B.   

7.     Confidentiality  .   

a.  In providing the Services, it may be appropriate and necessary for Restorix to have access to certain technical or business
information and material as well as information specifically deemed confidential or proprietary by third parties having business
relationships with Nuo ( Clients ). Examples of confidential information include, but are not limited to:   

i.  patients  medical records including photographs, personal data, financial data, including any and all HIPAA protected
data;   

ii.  access to Clients  financial records, software applications, databases, systems, technologies, devices, processes, formulas,
compositions, improvements, concepts, ideas, designs, methods, policies and procedures, investigation/audit results and potentially
limited employee information;   

iii.  any idea, proposal, plan, information, procedure, technique, formula, technology or method of operation, any written or oral
information of a proprietary nature, and any intellectual property owned by either Party or relating to the Client or Restorix s
principals  or affiliates  business projects, operations, finances, activities or affairs, whether of a technical nature
or not (including trade secrets, know-how, processes and other technical or business information), and any proposed changes thereto;   

iv.  access to all information in subparagraphs (ii) and (iii) developed, acquired, owned or produced, or practiced by an affiliate
of Nuo, software program and/or documentation licensed by third parties;   

v.  customer or vendor lists; and   

vi.  any information disclosed by a Party and designated to be confidential.   

b.  Both Nuo and Restorix agree to hold all confidential information in strict confidence and shall not without the express prior
written permission of the other Party disclose any confidential information to third parties; use the confidential information
for any purpose other than to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The receiving Party should immediately notify the disclosing
Party if it learns, or has reason to believe, that any person who had access to confidential information violates or intends to
violate the terms of this section of the Agreement and shall cooperate in seeking injunctive relief against any such person.   

c.  Upon termination of this Agreement, or at any time upon the disclosing Party s request, the Party with the confidential
information may request that all or a portion of the confidential data be returned or destroyed. The Parties may request written
confirmation that the data has been destroyed.   

d.  Nuo and Restorix will not disclose the terms and conditions of this Agreement to anyone other than their respective attorneys,
accountants and other professional advisors, except as required by applicable law or regulation provided either Party may choose
to publicize the existence of the Agreement with the consent of the other Party who shall have an opportunity to review and comment
on the disclosure. If legally required to be disclosed, then the Party requested to comply with such legal request shall provide
the other Party with reasonable notice of such requirement and a reasonable opportunity to react to such disclosure.   

e.  Both Nuo and Restorix agree that in event of any breach, the non-breaching Party will be entitled to injunctive relief against
such breach in court as well as other remedies legally available.   

f.  Both Nuo and Restorix may disclose confidential information to their officers, employees, attorneys and other representatives
who have an absolute need to know and are informed of and agree to be bound by the confidentiality obligations as set forth herein.
Restorix agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent disclosure of such confidential and proprietary information or materials
to third parties and not to use such information or materials without Nuo s express written consent. These obligations of
confidentiality and non-use will continue beyond the Term but will cease to apply as to any specific portion of the Client s
information or material which becomes available to the public through no fault attributable to any act or omission by Restorix.   

g.  In the event such confidential information is required to be disclosed by Restorix pursuant to regulatory or legal requirements,
Restorix agrees to immediately notify Nuo in writing in order to allow Nuo to seek a protective order or take other reasonable
and lawful actions to protect the Nuo s rights prior to disclosure of the confidential information.   

h.  Subject to obtaining Nuo s consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, Restorix shall have
the right to use Nuo s name and/or trademark in its advertising, customer lists and marketing materials.   

8.     Assignment  .   Either Party may assign this Agreement with the written consent of the other Party, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;  provided ,  however , that Restorix s consent
shall not be necessary in connection with the transfer of this Agreement to a Successful Bidder in connection with a 363 Sale under
paragraph 3(b) hereof. Nothing herein contained shall in any way limit or otherwise restrict the rights of Restorix to demand that
Nuo and/or the Successful Bidder comply with the provisions of  365 (f)
of the Bankruptcy Code including, without limitation, the requirement that all monetary defaults hereunder be cured and adequate
assurance of future performance be demonstrated, in connection with any 363 Sale.    

9.     Indemnification  .   

a.  Nuo and Restorix hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless each other from and against any and all actual or threatened
claims, actions, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorney s fees and expenses,
arising out of or connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to:   

i.  the accuracy, validity or truthfulness of any of the representations made by the other Party in this Agreement or in any related
documents;   

ii.  the other Party s failure to comply with any applicable law or regulation;   

iii.  third party claims of infringement of any patents, trade secrets, copy or trademarks, service marks, trade names or similar
proprietary rights alleged to have incurred with respect to content;   

iv.  the damage, loss or destruction of real or tangible personal property, to the extent that such death or bodily injury was caused
by the other Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct; or   

v.  any damages incurred directly or by virtue of a claim made by a third party, in either case, arising out of a breach of a Party s
representations, warranties, covenants or duties arising out of, or in connection with, this Agreement.   

b.  In addition, Restorix and Nuo shall be responsible for the actions of their employees, subcontractors, and clients whose activities
are either directly or indirectly, under or subject to the reasonable control of Restorix or Nuo, as the case may be.   

10.     Governing Law and Venue  .    This Agreement will be deemed to have been executed in the State of Maryland
and will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, without reference to conflicts of law
principles. The Parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the County in the State of the
defending Party for the purpose of any action or proceeding brought by either of them in connection with this Agreement.   

11.     Notices  . Any notice required to be given hereunder shall be sufficient if in writing, and received by courier
service (with proof of delivery) or certified or registered mail (return receipt requested, first-class postage prepaid) at the
addresses of Nuo or Restorix set forth above, provided that either may change its address by notifying the other of such change.   

12.     Limitation of Liability  . REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, IN
NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR CAUSE OF ACTIONS OF ANY NATURE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR RELIANCE, LOSS, DAMAGE OR EXPENSE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST
PROFITS OR LOSS OF USE IN REVENUES, WHETHER OR NOT EITHER PARTY WAS ADVISED, SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OR WAS AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH LOSS, DAMAGE OR EXPENSE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACT OR OMISSION OF SUCH PARTY RELATING TO THE SUBJECT
MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT. RESTORIX S TOTAL LIABILITY OF ALL CLAIMS MADE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE
EXCEED THE SUM TOTAL OF THE FEES PAID BY NUO TO RESTORIX UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE SERVICES. THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT RUN ONLY TO EACH OTHER AND NOT TO ANY OTHER PERSONS OR ENTITIES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO ANY THIRD PARTY INFORMATION OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED TO
EACH OTHER, ALL OF WHICH ARE PROVIDED, SOLD OR LICENSED  AS IS,  AND THE PARTIES AGREE TO LOOK SOLELY TO THE WARRANTIES
AND REMEDIES, IF ANY, PROVIDED BY THE THIRD PARTY. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION DO NOT APPLY TO THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS
OF RESTORIX OR CLIENT FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS AS SET FORTH IN THE INDEMNIFICATION SECTION.   

13.     Representations and Warranties  .   

a.  Restorix covenants, represents and warrants that:   

i.  the services to be performed hereunder will be performed in a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with the standards
generally prevailing in the industry;   

ii.  it has all necessary rights and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder; and   

iii.  neither this Agreement nor Restorix s performance of its obligations hereunder will place Restorix in breach of any other
contract or obligation and will not violate the rights of any third party.   

b.  Nuo covenants, represents and warrants that:   

i.  it has all necessary rights and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder;   

ii.  neither this Agreement nor Nuo s performance of its obligations hereunder will place Nuo in breach of any other contract
or obligation and will not violate the rights of any third party; and   

iii.  all information provided to Restorix is true and accurate.   

14.     Force Majeure  . Neither Party shall be deemed in default or otherwise liable for any delay in or failure of its
performance under this Agreement (other than payment obligations) by any reason of any Act of God, fire, natural disaster, accident,
riot, act of government, strike or labor dispute, shortage of materials or supplies, failure of transportation or communication
of suppliers of goods or services, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of such Party.   

15.     Obligations Pending the Effective Date  . Once the condition set forth in paragraph 1(a) above has been satisfied:   

a.  Nuo shall:   

i.  on or before March 16, 2016 file a motion with the Bankruptcy Court seeking approval of this Agreement and entry of the Approval
Order (the  Motion );   

ii.  provide Restorix with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon the Motion (or any other pleading to be filed by
Nuo in connection with the Motion) prior to it being filed with the Bankruptcy Court or its being served upon parties in interest;   

iii.  prosecute the Motion with reasonable diligence, in good faith, until the Bankruptcy Court grants or denies the relief requested
in the Motion (the  Decision ) and an appropriate order is entered by the Bankruptcy Court; and   

iv.  not enter into any agreement with any other person relating to the substance of this Agreement on the same or different terms
unless and until a Decision is obtained denying the relief requested in the Motion; and   

b.  Restorix shall reasonably co-operate with Nuo, as necessary, to obtain Bankruptcy Court approval of the relief requested in
the Motion;  provided ,  however , that nothing herein contained shall obligate Restorix to agree to change any of the
terms of this Agreement and  provided ,  further ,  however , that the execution by Restorix of an agreement substantially
similar to this Agreement with any other person, the effectiveness of which is conditioned on, among other things, such person
becoming the Successful Bidder, shall not be determined or deemed to be a violation by Restorix of this paragraph.   

Notwithstanding any provision of Section 3 to
the contrary, if a Party has not breached any of its obligations under this Section 15, such Party may terminate this Agreement
without Bankruptcy Court approval or notice to any other party in interest, if the Effective Date does not occur by April 30, 2016,
by providing written notice to the other Party of the exercise by such Party of its right of termination. 

a.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding by and between the Parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof, and no representations, promises, agreements or understandings, written or oral, not herein contained shall be of any force
or effect. No change or modification hereof shall be valid or binding unless the same is in writing and signed by both Parties.   

b.  This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of Nuo and Restorix and their respective successors and
assignees.   

c.  Should any provision of this Agreement be held invalid by reason of any law, statute or regulation, or by a court of competent
authority, such provision shall be validly reformed so as to approximate the intent of the Parties as nearly as possible and, if
reformation is not possible, such provision shall be deemed divisible and deleted, but the remaining Agreement will not otherwise
be affected, and will remain in full force and effect.   

d.  The headings and other captions in this Agreement are for convenience and reference only and shall not be used in interpreting,
construing or enforcing any of the provisions of this Agreement.   

e.  This Agreement has been reviewed by the Parties and their respective attorneys, and the Parties have had a full opportunity
to negotiate the contents thereof. The Parties expressly waive any common law or statutory rule of construction that ambiguities
should be construed against the drafter of this Agreement, and agree that the language in all parts of this Agreement shall be
in all cases construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning.   

f.  No modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either Party unless in writing and
signed by both Parties. No waiver of any term, right or condition under this Agreement on any one occasion or the failure of any
Party to insist upon strict performance of any of the terms and conditions hereof or failure or delay to exercise any rights provided
herein or by law shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver or continuing waiver of any such term, right or condition on any subsequent
occasion or a waiver of any other term, right or condition hereunder   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed by duly authorized officers. Each person signing this Agreement represents and warrants that he or she is authorized
to execute this Agreement on behalf of the Party represented. This Agreement may be executed in duplicate originals, each of which
shall be considered the same document. 

RESTORIX HEALTH, INC.  
       
      NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.   

By: 
     /s/ Steve McLaughlin 
       
     By: 
     /s/ David Jorden  
 
     Name:  Steve McLaughlin 
       
     Name:  David Jorden  
 
     Title:  Chief Executive Officer 
       
     Title:  Acting CEO/CFO  

ACKNOWLEDGMENT
and Waiver   

WHEREAS , on March
22, 2016, Restorix Health, Inc. ( Restorix  ), a Nevada corporation, with its principal offices at 455 Hamilton Avenue,
White Plains, NY 10601, and Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. ( Nuo ), a Delaware corporation, with its principal offices at 207A
Perry Parkway, Suite 1, Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877, entered into that certain Collaboration Agreement (the  Agreement ); 

WHEREAS , on March
22, 2016, Nuo obtained approval from the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Bankruptcy Court )
to enter into the Agreement, by entry of that certain Order Authorizing And Approving The Debtor s Entry Into The Collaboration
Agreement [Docket Entry No. 230] (the  Approval Order ); and 

WHEREAS , Sections
1 and 15 of the Agreement provide that certain conditions must be satisfied or waived in order for the Agreement to become effective. 

Restorix hereby: (i) waives
the condition in Section 1(c) of the Agreement that the Agreement cannot be deemed effective until the Approval Order becomes non-appealable;
and (ii) acknowledges and agrees that: (a) all of the conditions required for the Agreement to be effective have been satisfied;
(b) the Agreement is effective; and (c) March 22, 2016 is the  Effective Date  of the Agreement. 

RESTORIX HEALTH, INC.  

By: 
     /s/ Steve McLaughlin 

Name:  Steve McLaughlin 

Title:  Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: March 22, 2016 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.40>
 6
 v446039_ex10-40.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.40

Exhibit 10.40  

April 15, 2016 

Dean Tozer 

 2100 Elderton Court 

 Brentwood, TN 37027 

Dear Dean: 

As we have discussed, your last day of work
with Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. ( Nuo Therapeutics  or the  Company ) was January 8, 2016. This letter agreement
( Agreement ) sets forth the terms of your separation from the Company. As this is a legal document, you are advised
to consult with an attorney before signing it. 

1.            Separation
Date  . The effective date of your separation from Nuo Therapeutics was February 7, 2016 ( Separation Date ). 

2.            Allowed
Claim  . In exchange for your agreeing to and complying with the terms of this Agreement (including the general release it
contains) and in settlement of all issues and disputes between you and the Company, the Company hereby grants to you, and you shall
be deemed to receive, in that certain bankruptcy proceeding pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware
(the  Bankruptcy Court ), which is being administered under the caption  In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. , Case
No. 16-10192 (MFW) (the  Bankruptcy Case ), an allowed general unsecured claim in the aggregate amount of $182,500
(the  Allowed Claim ) and such Allowed Claim is not subject to offset, recoupment or reduction, and shall be treated
as an Allowed Class 4 Claim in accordance with the terms of the Company s  First Amended Plan of Reorganization of the
Debtor , which was filed in the Bankruptcy Case at Docket No. 247, and as same may be amended, modified, or supplemented, from
time to time. In the event that there are not sufficient funds to pay the claim in full, $12,475.00 shall be treated as a priority
claim under 11 U.S.C.   507(a)(4). 

3.            Benefits
Continuation  . Your medical, dental, and vision benefits ceased on January 31, 2016, subject to your right to elect COBRA.
All other benefits incident to your employment ceased as of January 31, 2016. You received notice of your COBRA rights by separate
letter. 

4.            Indemnification
and Potential Consulting  . Consistent with the Company s bylaws, the Company will continue to indemnify you with respect
to any actions taken or omissions made by you serving as an officer or director of the Company. In the Bankruptcy Case, the Company
will seek to extinguish any potential derivative claims against you to the same extent as such claims are extinguished against
active officers and directors of the Company. The Company and you hereby ratify and confirm that they entered into an Indemnification
Agreement dated November 11, 2014 and that in the event that there is any conflict between the indemnification provisions in this
paragraph and said Indemnification Agreement, the Indemnification Agreement shall govern. Notwithstanding the foregoing, said Indemnification
Agreement will not be assumed or assumed and assigned under the Plan and therefore, will be deemed rejected in accordance with
Section 8.2 of the Plan and any claim arising from such rejection shall receive treatment under the Plan as a Class 4 General Unsecured
Claim. 

Dean Tozer 

 April 15, 2016 

 Page 2 

5.            Acknowledgement
of Equity  . The Company and you recognize and acknowledge that you own 890,200 vested options under the Company s
stock option plan. You further acknowledge that the foregoing 890,200 vested options are subject to cancellation and discharge
under the terms of the Plan. 

6.            Acknowledgement
of Receipt of all Remuneration and Settlement of Issues and Disputes  . Except as set forth in paragraphs 1 through 5 above,
you agree and acknowledge that (i) you are not entitled to receive any payments, commissions, bonuses, severance, benefits, equity,
options, or other remuneration of any kind and (ii) you have received the Allowed Claim in settlement of all issues and disputes
between you and the Company. 

7.            General
Release  . In exchange for the payment and other agreements of Company provided pursuant to this Agreement, you, on behalf
of yourself and your heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, hereby irrevocably, fully, and unconditionally release and forever
discharge jointly and severally Nuo Therapeutics and any and all of its current and former direct and indirect affiliates, divisions,
partners, its employment benefit plans and trustees, fiduciaries and administrators of these plans and any of the foregoing parties 
present or past employees, officers, directors, stockholders, members, joint ventures, agents and contractors and each of their
predecessors, successors and assigns (collectively  Released Parties ), from all actions, claims, obligations, liabilities,
demands and causes of action, known or unknown, fixed or contingent, in law or equity, which you ever had or now have for, upon
or by reason of any matter, cause or thing occurring up to and including the date you sign this Agreement, including, but not limited
to any claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ( ADEA ), the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ),
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ( ERISA ), the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ),
the Family and Medical Leave Act ( FMLA ), the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 ( OSHA ), the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Workers Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act ( WARN ), the District of Columbia False Claims Act, the District of Columbia Family and
Medical Leave Act, the District of Columbia Human Rights Act, the Maryland Equal Pay Law, the Maryland Fair Employment Practices
Act, the Maryland Parental Leave Law, the Tennessee Disability Act, the Tennessee Human Rights Act, the Tennessee Whistleblower
Law, and any and all federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations or common law relating to discrimination, retaliation, whistleblowing,
defamation, misrepresentation, fraud, tortious interference, wrongful discharge, breach of an express or implied contract, breach
of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress; and any and all claims
you may have against any of the Released Parties. 

Dean Tozer 

 April 15, 2016 

 Page 3 

8.            Cooperation  .
You agree that you will reasonably cooperate with Nuo Therapeutics and its officers and employees to provide transition support
in connection with any matter on which your cooperation may reasonably be requested or of which you had knowledge. You agree that,
in the event that you are subpoenaed by any person or entity (including but not limited to, any government agency) to give testimony
(in a deposition, court proceeding or otherwise) which in any way relates to your employment with Nuo Therapeutics, you will give
prompt notice of such request (unless prohibited by law) to the Chief Financial Officer of Nuo Therapeutics and will make no disclosure
until Nuo Therapeutics has had a reasonable opportunity to contest the right of the requesting party or entity to such disclosure.
You further agree that, in the event that you are contacted by any person or entity regarding information concerning Nuo Therapeutics
or one of its affiliates, you will give prompt notice of such request to the Chief Financial Officer of Nuo Therapeutics, and will
make no disclosure until Nuo Therapeutics has had a reasonable opportunity to respond to your notification. 

9.            Restrictive
Covenants .  You agree that, beginning on the date hereof, and continuing only during Nuo Therapeutics  Bankruptcy
Case and only with regards to Nuo Therapeutics  existing business but ending no later than June 30, 2016, you will not directly
or indirectly: (a) organize, own, manage, operate, join, control, finance, or participate in any business, enterprise or entity
engaged anywhere in the world in competition with Nuo Therapeutics with respect to any business or activity that is substantially
related to the development, marketing, distribution, sale, or concerned with autologous point of care platelet separation technology;
(b) hire any person employed by or engaged to provide services relating to the business of Nuo Therapeutics, or employed or
so engaged by Nuo Therapeutics within one (1) year prior to the Separation Date, or solicit, induce or attempt to induce any such
person to leave the employment of Nuo Therapeutics; or (c) solicit or attempt to solicit any business from any of Nuo Therapeutics'
customers, customer prospects, or vendors with whom you had contact with during your employment. Additionally, you acknowledge
and agree that any writing, invention, design, system, process, development or discovery, conceived, developed, created or made
by you, alone or with others, within one (1) year following the Separation Date is the sole and exclusive property of Nuo Therapeutics
if it (i) relates to Nuo Therapeutics  autologous point of care platelet separation technology and/or (ii) is based
upon or related to information or processes learned or performed during your employment, whether or not it can or may be patented,
registered, or copyrighted. For the avoidance of doubt, all non-compete covenants will be fully and completely released upon the
conclusion of Nuo Therapeutics  Bankruptcy Case but no later than June 30, 2016. 

10.           Return
of Property  . You hereby confirm and acknowledge that you have returned to the Company any and all equipment, security badges,
keys, credit cards, passwords, files, confidential information, or other property of the Company and its subsidiaries over which
you ever had possession, custody, or control in connection with your employment. You also affirm that you are in possession of
all of your property that you had at the Company s premises and that the Company is not in possession of any of your property. 

Dean Tozer 

 April 15, 2016 

 Page 4 

11.           Confidentiality
of this Agreement  . You agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement are confidential and that you shall not disclose
the existence of this Agreement or any of its terms to any third parties, other than to your spouse, attorney, financial advisor/accountant,
or as required by law or as may be necessary to enforce this Agreement. You further agree that you will not directly or indirectly
disclose to anyone outside Nuo Therapeutics, except as may be required by law, or, with Nuo Therapeutics  prior written consent,
any confidential or proprietary information concerning Nuo Therapeutics, including but not limited to confidential or proprietary
information, processes, or practices. 

12.           Choice
of Law and Consent to Jurisdiction  . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State
of Maryland without regard to its conflict of laws, provisions or principles. You irrevocably consent to the exclusive personal
jurisdiction of the appropriate state or federal court for Montgomery County, Maryland and waive any objection you may have based
upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens. 

13.           Entire
Agreement  . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties hereto, and fully supersedes any prior agreements
or understandings regarding your employment with the Company and may not be modified or amended without the prior written consent
of both parties hereto. You acknowledge that you have not relied on any representations, promises, or agreements of any kind made
to you, except for those set forth in this Agreement. 

14.           Meaning
of Signing This Agreement  . By signing this Agreement, you expressly acknowledge and agree that: 

(a)          You
have carefully read this Agreement and fully understand what it means; 

(b)          You
have been advised in writing to discuss this Agreement with an attorney before signing it; 

(c)          You
have been given at least forty-five (45) calendar days to consider this Agreement; 

(d)          You
have been given a list of the job titles and ages of all individuals eligible for this severance program and the job titles and
ages of all individuals in the Company who are not eligible for this program ( see  Appendix A); 

(e)          You
have agreed to this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily; you were not subject to any undue influence or duress; and you are competent
to execute this document; 

(f)          You
may revoke your acceptance of this Agreement within seven (7) days after you sign it by sending written Notice of Revocation by
e-mail to Jeffery Baumel (jeffery.baumel@dentons.com); and 

(g)          This
Agreement and the terms thereof, if same has not been revoked pursuant to paragraph 14(f) above, become effective and enforceable
upon (a) the approval of this Agreement by the Bankruptcy Court and (b) the occurrence of the Effective Date (as that term is defined
in the Plan) of that certain  First Amended Plan of Reorganization of the Debtor  filed in the Bankruptcy Case, as same may
be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time (the  Plan ). 

Dean Tozer 

 April 15, 2016 

 Page 5 

15.           Return
of Signed Agreement  . You may accept this Agreement by signing the Agreement and returning it by regular mail to Richard
DeMaio, Nuo Therapeutics, Inc., 207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1, Gaithersburg, MD 20877 or by e-mail to Richard DeMaio (rdemaio@nuot.com).
In the event you do not accept this Agreement as set forth above, this Agreement, including but not limited to the obligation of
the Company to provide the allowed claim described in Paragraph 2 above, shall be deemed automatically null and void. 

If you are agreeable to the foregoing, please
indicate your acceptance of this Agreement by signing and dating below. If you have any questions, please call me at (832) 236-9060. 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.    

/s/ David Jorden  

David Jorden  

Acting CEO/CFO  

Accepted and Agreed:   

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 7
 v446039_ex10-41.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.41

Exhibit 10.41  

EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AND DISTRIBUTION
AGREEMENT   

This  E XCLUSIVE
 L ICENSE     A ND
 D ISTRIBUTION  A GREEMENT   
  ( Agreement ) is made and entered into as of May 5, 2016 ( Effective Date ), between  N UO
THERAPEUTICS , I NC . , a Delaware corporation, with principal office at 207A Perry
Parkway, Suite 1, Gaithersburg, MD 20877 ( Nuo ), and  B OYALIFE  H ONG
 K ONG  L TD . , a China corporation, with its
principal office at 800 Jiefang Road East, 14 th  Floor, Wuxi, China 214002 ( Boyalife ). Each of Nuo and
Boyalife is hereinafter referred to as a  Party  and collectively the  Parties.  

RECITALS  

A.           Nuo
is the owner of certain intellectual property rights pursuant to which it has commercialized a point of care cell separation device
which produces a platelet based therapeutic formulation for use on chronic, hard to heal wounds and ulcers offered as the Aurix
System. 

B.           Boyalife
has capability of conducting clinical studies of medical devices and has facilities and experience in the distribution, sale and
service of medical devices in the Territory (defined below), and desires to become the exclusive licensee of certain intellectual
property rights of Nuo under which it will distribute the Products (defined below) in the Field of Use (defined below), pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement. 

N OW  ,
 T HEREFORE  , in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the Parties intending to be legally bound agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT  

1.           DEFINITIONS .
When used herein, capitalized terms shall have the following meanings: 

Affiliate 
means, in respect of any Party, any other Person which, but only for so long as such other Person, directly or indirectly, controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Party. The term  control  means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, through the ownership of voting
securities or other equity interests, and the terms  controlled  and  common control  have correlative
meanings. 

Change of Control 
means: (i) the direct or indirect sale or other disposition (in one or more related transactions to one or more Persons) of all
or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or (ii) the direct or indirect transfer of 50% or more of the outstanding voting
interest of a Person, whether in a single transaction or series of related transactions. 

FDA  means the United States
Food and Drug Administration and any successor entity. 

Field of Use 
means the use of the Product in the Territory for all regenerative medicine applications, including but not limited to wound care
and topical dermatology applications in human and veterinary medicine. 

Gross Sales 
means the total sales amount including sales tax invoiced by Boyalife from the commercialization and sale of the Products to wholesalers,
hospitals or doctors. 

Intellectual Property 
means, collectively, Patents, Trade Secrets, Copyrights, Trademarks, Know How, moral rights, trade names, rights in trade dress
and all other intellectual property rights and proprietary rights, whether arising under the laws of the United States or any other
state, country or jurisdiction in the world, including all rights or causes of action for infringement or misappropriation of any
of the foregoing. For purposes of this Agreement: (a)  Patents ,  Know How  and  Trademark 
shall have the meaning set forth below; (b)  Trade Secrets  shall mean all right, title and interest in all trade secrets
and trade secret rights arising under common law, state law, federal law or laws of foreign countries; and (c)  Copyrights 
shall mean all copyrights, and all other literary property and authorship rights, and all right, title, and interest in all copyrights,
copyright registrations, certificates of copyright and copyrighted interests throughout the world. 

Know How 
means any and all current and future know-how, technical information, technical knowledge, unpatentable inventions, manufacturing
procedures, methods, trade secrets, processes, formulas, documentation and other tangible or intangible property or rights relating
to the Wound Dressing or Products, whether or not capable of precise separate description but which alone, or when accumulated,
gives to the Person acquiring it an ability to study, test, formulate, manufacture, produce or market something which it otherwise
would not have known to study, test, formulate, manufacture, produce or market in the same or similar way. 

Marketing Authorization 
or  MA  means the authorization by CFDA to manufacture / import, promote and sell the Product in China. 

CFDA  means
the China Food and Drug Administration, which is an agency to review application of Marketing Authorization of pharmaceuticals
and medical devices in China. 

New Devices 
means the new device covered by Nuo Patent-2 and the new centrifuge for the new device which Nuo is developing as of the Effective
Date. 

NHI  means
national health insurance system in China, granted by the CFDA upon submission after Marketing Authorization of the Product is
granted. 

NHI Pricing Event 
means the event when the NHI reimbursement price for the Product in the Territory is achieved. 

Nuo Clinical Data 
mean  any and all  clinical and other data Nuo used for the FDA 510(k) clearance of Aurix System
or former AutoloGel System, or for license or approval by other governmental authorities. 

Nuo Know How 
means the Know How Nuo owns and obtains during the term of this Agreement relating to Wound Dressing, Product and improvement thereto,
including, but not limited to, Nuo Clinical Data, treatment method of patient using Wound Dressing, and PRP separation technology
(from patient s blood) embodied in the Centrifuge. 

Nuo Patent 
means the Nuo Patent-1 and Nuo Patent-2 described in Exhibit 1 attached hereto and any Patent relating to the improvement of the
Wound Dressing or the Product in the Territory which Nuo files or obtains rights from a third party during the term of this Agreement. 

Nuo Technology  means Nuo Patent and Nuo
Know-How. 

Nuo Trademarks 
means any and all Trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, logos and similar proprietary rights whether now or in
the future owned, controlled or licensed by Nuo and currently used or to be used in connection with the Product. As of the Effective
Date Nuo Trademarks are described in Exhibit 2 attached hereto. 

Patent 
means any patent application or patent, including all of the following kinds and their equivalents outside the United States (as
applicable): provisional, converted provisional (or regular), divisional, continuation, continuation-in-part, and substitution
applications; and regular utility, re-issue, re-examination, renewal and extended patents (including Supplementary Protection Certificates),
as well as all right, title and interest in all letters patent or equivalent rights and applications for letters patent or rights,
industrial and utility models, industrial designs, petty patents, patents of importation, patents of addition, certificates of
invention and other government issued or granted indicia of invention ownership, including any reissue, extension, division, continuation
or continuation-in-part applications throughout the world. 

Person 
means any natural person or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business association, joint venture or other
entity. 

Point of Shipment  shall have
the meaning given in the INCOTERMS 2010. 

Product 
means the combination of devices to produce a Wound Dressing from the patient s blood. As of the Effective Date, the Product
means Aurix System (formerly AutoloGel System) which consists of Centrifuge, Wound Dressing Kit, and Reagent Kit described in  Exhibit
3  attached hereto. 

Territory  means greater China consisting
of China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau. 

Trademarks 
shall mean all right, title and interest in all trademark, service mark, trade name and trade dress rights arising under the common
law, state law, federal laws and laws of foreign countries, and all right, title, and interest in all trademark, service mark,
trade name and trade dress applications and registrations interests throughout the world. 

Transfer Price 
means the supply price of the Product from Nuo to Boyalife, which is Nuo s manufacturing or procurement cost of Centrifuge
and each Kit plus 5% of such cost for Nuo s direct overhead cost as described in exhibit 4 attached hereto. 

Transition Event 
means the date when the Product is approved for marketing by CFDA. 

Wound Dressing 
means the mixture of platelet rich plasma (PRP) derived from patient s own blood and reagents which is covered by Nuo Patent-1. 

2.           GRANT
OF LICENSE  

(a)          Exclusive
License of Nuo Technology. Nuo grants to Boyalife a non-Distribution Fee bearing, nontransferable, exclusive license, with limited
right to sublicense, to use Nuo Technology for the development, import, use, marketing, sale, and distribution of the Product in
the Field of Use in the Territory. 

(b)          Distribution
Right. Boyalife shall have an exclusive right, in the Field of Use in the Territory, to import, use for development, promote, market,
sell and distribute the Product which Nuo manufactures or has contractor manufacture for Nuo and supply to Boyalife. Nuo shall
not export, promote, or supply the Product to any third party in the Territory. 

(c)          Procurement
of devices. Boyalife reserves the right to manufacture or purchase certain non-proprietary devices from a third party with Nuo s
approval, such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In such case, Boyalife shall assemble such devices with
other devices supplied by Nuo to make a Product in the Territory. For avoidance of doubt, in such case the sales amount of Boyalife s
assembled Product as a whole shall be the base of Net Sales for Distribution Fee payment set forth in Section 4 (c) of this Agreement. 

(d)          Manufacturing
Right. At any time after the Transition Event, upon written notice to Nuo, Nuo shall grant to Boyalife an exclusive license, with
limited right to sublicense, to use Nuo Technology for manufacturing, or having third-party manufacture devices which are covered
by Nuo Patent or embodied by Nuo Know How, such as the New Devices and Centrifuge of current and future version, for the Territory.
Upon request of Boyalife, Nuo shall provide Boyalife with reasonably sufficient information for Boyalife to manufacture or have
manufactured such devices. For avoidance of doubt, in such case Boyalife shall assemble Product for the Territory, and sales amount
of such Boyalife s assembled Product as a whole shall be the base of Net Sale for Distribution Fee payment set forth in Section
4 (c) of this Agreement. 

(e)          Procurement
by Boyalife. With approval from Nuo, Boyalife may procure all components of the Product from Nuo s suppliers and contract
manufacturers directly at the established Nuo contract prices. For avoidance of doubt, in such case the sales amount of Boyalife s
assembled Product as a whole shall be the base of Net Sales for Distribution Fee payment set forth in Section 4 (c) of this Agreement. 

(f)          Nuo
Trademark. Nuo grants to Boyalife a Distribution Fee free, nontransferable, exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, to
use Nuo Trademark for the Product which Boyalife import, develop, use, market, sell and distribute in the Field of Use in the Territory.
Nuo shall register the Nuo Trademark in the Territory. 

(g)          Trademark
Option. Boyalife reserves the right to use a trademark other than or in association with Nuo Trademarks for the Product in the
Territory. 

(h)          Right
of First Refusal in other Asia Pacific Countries Excluding Japan and India. Nuo grants Boyalife a Right of First Refusal ( ROFR )
of its Product in Mongolia, North Korea, South Korea, Brunei, Myanmar (Burma), Cambodia, East Timor, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia,
Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, Pakistan, or Bangladesh in exchange for a payment of no greater than $250,000 in aggregate.
The parties agree to negotiate in good faith the portion of the $250,000 payment applicable to individual countries in the event
Boyalife exercises the ROFR on selected countries only. Boyalife s exercise of a ROFR for any individual country shall thereafter
include such country in the Territory. 

(i)          Improvement
by Nuo. In the event Nuo has filed a new patent application in any country relating to Wound Dressing or Product, Nuo shall promptly
inform Boyalife of the reasonable details of such patent application. For avoidance of doubt, such patent application shall be
included in the Nuo Patent. 

(j)          Improvement
by Boyalife. In the event Boyalife has filed a new patent application for a new invention relating to Wound Dressing, Product or
Nuo Technology, Boyalife shall inform Nuo of the reasonable details of such invention promptly after Boyalife has filed the patent
application for such invention in the Territory or in the U.S. In such event Boyalife shall grant to Nuo a Distribution Fee free,
nonexclusive license to use such patent application outside the Territory during the term of this Agreement. Upon request of Nuo
at Nuo s expense for filing, prosecution and maintenance, Boyalife shall file such patent application in countries (other
than Territory) designated by Nuo. 

(k)          Modification
of Component by Nuo. In the event Nuo intends to modify or change any component (device) of the Product within the Field of Use,
Nuo shall inform Boyalife of such intent reasonably prior to the implementation of such modification or change. In the event Nuo
decides to commercialize the New Devices within the Field of Use in any country outside of Territory, Nuo shall inform Boyalife
of such decision. For avoidance of doubt, the modified/changed device or the New Devices shall be included in the Product and Boyalife
has the exclusive right to import, use for development, promote, market, sell and distribute such Product in the Territory and
within the Field of Use. 

(l)          Modification
of Component by Boyalife. Boyalife reserves the right to modify or change any component (device) of the Product in order to meet
the market needs in the Territory. In the event Boyalife intends to implement such modification or change within the Field of Use,
Boyalife shall inform Nuo of such intent reasonably prior to the implementation of such modification or change. For avoidance of
doubt, the modified/changed device shall be included in the Product and sales amount of such Boyalife s assembled Product
as a whole shall be the base of Net Sale for Distribution Fee payment set forth in Section 4 (c) of this Agreement. 

3.          DEVELOPMENT.  

(a)          CFDA
Consultation. Upon execution of this Agreement Boyalife shall consult with CFDA for a Marketing Authorization of the Product in
the Territory. Boyalife shall conduct clinical studies in accordance with guidance of CFDA. 

(b)          Nuo
Information and Data. Upon Boyalife s reasonable request, Nuo shall provide Boyalife with Nuo Clinical Data, Product information,
or other information or data Nuo has or would be reasonably expected to have which are required for MA application by Boyalife
in the Territory. 

(c)          Clinical
Studies. Boyalife shall conduct required clinical and other studies for the Marketing Authorization at its own expenses and responsibility.
Upon request of Boyalife, Nuo shall supply Boyalife with the Product or specific devices in the Product at the Transfer Price. 

(d)          Safety
Reporting. Prior to clinical studies, the parties shall enter into a quality agreement that includes safety reporting for clinical
studies. 

(e)          Marketing
Authorization. Upon completion of the required studies, and without unreasonable delay in the Territory, Boyalife shall submit
the MA application for the Product with CFDA, and upon approval, Boyalife shall be the holder of the Marketing Authorization of
the Product. 

(f)          Inspection.
In the event CFDA or other agency of CFDA requires inspections of Nuo s and/or its suppliers  facilities (of the devices
and Product), Nuo will reasonably cooperate with such inspections and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its suppliers
of the devices/Product to cooperate with such inspections. 

(g)          NHI
Pricing. Promptly after the Marketing Authorization for the Product is granted, Boyalife shall submit, at its own expense, NHI
reimbursement for the Product with CFDA. 

(h)          No
Warranty. Boyalife shall make commercially reasonable effort to conduct required studies and seek the Marketing Authorization and
reimbursement for the Product, provided that Boyalife shall not ensure the achievement of such approval or grant. Nuo acknowledges
that such approval or grant is at the discretion of CFDA. 

(i)          Restriction.
The Parties acknowledge that Boyalife is strictly prohibited by the relevant laws and regulations in the Territory to promote,
advertise, or sell the Product in the Territory until after the Transition Event. Boyalife shall start marketing and sale of the
Product in the Territory only after the Transition Event. 

(j)          Quality
Agreement. Prior to the Transition Event, the Parties shall enter into a separate quality agreement that (a) defines Boyalife s
rights to audit manufacturing sites of each component (device) of the Product in compliance with the requirements of relevant (QMS)
regulations in the Territory, (b) defines specifications, shelf life of each component (device) of the Product, and remedies for
non-conforming Product, (c) defines labeling and package insert of the Product, and (d) conforms to the quality plan and systems
of Nuo. 

(k)          Safety
Agreement. Prior to the Transition Event, the Parties shall enter into a separate safety agreement that defines the safety report,
safety database, product recall, post marketing survey, and so on in compliance with the requirement of relevant laws and regulations
in Japan and the United States. 

(l)          Supply
and Distribution Agreement. Prior to the Transition Event, the Parties shall enter into a supply and distribution agreement with
respect to then current Product available at Nuo, which shall include the provisions of Section 5. (DISTRIBUTION) and Section 6.
(SUPPLY OF PRODUCT) of this Agreement and minimum performance requirements. 

4.          CONSIDERATION.  

In consideration of
the right and license granted to Boyalife under this Agreement, Boyalife shall pay to Nuo the following: 

(a)          Upfront
Payment. Boyalife shall not be required to make an upfront payment to Nuo. 

(b)          Milestone
Payment. Upon occurrence of the approval of the Product by CFDA, Boyalife shall pay to Nuo a non-refundable payment of Five Hundred
Thousand United States dollars ($500,000) within ninety (90) days of such approval but no earlier than December 31, 2018, by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to the account specified below or to such other account as may be specified by Nuo in writing
within thirty (30) days after the approval by CFDA. 

(c)          Distribution
Fee. Boyalife shall pay to Nuo a distribution fee per Wound Dressing Kit and Reagent Kit ( Disposables ) of USD $40
( Distribution Fee ). The Parties hereby agree that they will discuss in good faith the appropriate Distribution Fee
in the event the pricing of the Disposables exceeds the current general pricing in the Territory of USD $140 for single use processing
sets. 

(i)          Report.
No later than thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar quarter, Boyalife shall deliver to Nuo a written report detailing:
(i) the number of Product sold, (ii) Gross Sales and (iii) the resulting Distribution Fee owed to Nuo. 

(ii)         Payment.
The Distribution Fee owed to Nuo shall be paid by Boyalife to Nuo by wire transfer of immediately available funds in U.S. dollars
to the account specified above or to such other account as may be specified by Nuo or its designee in writing. The Distribution
Fee shall be paid to such account within forty five (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter. 

(iii)        Audit.
Nuo shall have the right to audit the records of Boyalife relating to Gross Sales at any time during the normal business hours
upon reasonable advance written notice. The audit will be performed no more than once a fiscal year of Boyalife by an independent
reputable accounting firm at Nuo s sole expense. If the accounting firm determines that Nuo was not paid the full Distribution
Fee owed, Nuo shall have the accounting firm submit the audit findings to Boyalife, and Boyalife shall pay the amount of any shortfall
within thirty (30) business days after receipt of the audit findings. If Boyalife fails to pay such shortfall within such five
(5) business day cure period, then interest shall accrue on such shortfall (from the date it was due) at fifteen percent (15%)
per annum. Boyalife shall have a reasonable period of time to review such audit findings and shall be provided an opportunity to
rebut such audit findings, if so chosen. If parties cannot reach a settlement regarding the audit findings, parties shall refer
such dispute to binding arbitration. 

(d)          Withhold
Tax. If applicable laws and regulations require withholding of income or other taxes imposed upon any payments made by Boyalife
to Nuo under this Agreement, Boyalife shall make such withholding payments as may be required and shall subtract such withholding
payments from such payments. Boyalife shall submit appropriate proof of payment of the withholding taxes to Nuo within a reasonable
period of time. Boyalife shall render Nuo reasonable assistance in order to allow Nuo to obtain the benefit of any present or future
treaty against double taxation which may apply to such payments. 

5.           DISTRIBUTION . 

(a)          Distribution.
On and after the Transition Event, Boyalife shall use best efforts to market, distribute and sell the Product, consistent with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Additionally, Boyalife shall provide post-sale customer service for the Products in
the Territory under the terms set forth in this Agreement. 

(b)          Appointment
of Sub-Distributors. The Parties agree that Boyalife s rights and obligations under this Agreement will, subject to terms
and limitations contained in this Agreement, be discharged and administered directly by Boyalife and may include the use of contractors,
subcontractors, and agents, in a manner substantially similar to the method that Boyalife currently utilizes to operate its existing
businesses. Boyalife shall remain responsible to Nuo for any and all acts and omissions of such sub-distributors and agents. 

(c)          Promotion
of Product; Advertising. 

(i)          Promotion.
Boyalife shall use its best efforts to develop a customer base and market, sell and distribute the Product within the Territory.
Boyalife shall advertise and otherwise promote the Product in a commercially reasonable manner and furnish appropriate Product
information and promotional materials to its customers in a fashion similar to that used with Boyalife s other products. 

(ii)         Translation
of Materials. Boyalife shall bear the cost and responsibility to create and maintain all literature required, in all languages
required, in order to market, sell, distribute and service the Product in the Territory, including all labeling, package inserts,
instruction manuals, registrations, sales literature and other promotional materials for the Product. All translated materials
shall be approved by Nuo prior to release and distribution. Boyalife shall attach a written statement with the translated materials
submitted to Nuo for approval certifying that the translation does not misrepresent the claims of the original English-language
material and is an accurate translation. 

(iii)        Recognition
of Patents and Patents Pending. Subject to rules, regulations and codes controlling the labeling and packaging of the Products,
Boyalife may at its discretion include on each Product packaging a printed statement identifying the patents under which the product
is produced and distributed. This notice may be modified by mutual consent of the Parties as reasonably necessary to comply with
applicable patent marking provisions of the U.S. patent laws. 

(d)          Forecasting
of Products. Boyalife shall annually provide to Nuo a rolling forecast of Boyalife s requirements for the Product for the
twelve (12) month period commencing that quarter. The requirements for the first quarter period of each forecast shall constitute
a firm and binding Purchase Order for Product, and shall be delivered to Boyalife in full prior to the end of the same quarter.
The remaining rolling quarterly forecast shall constitute non-binding estimates of Product and requirements for the period described;
 provided  that, the second (2 nd ) quarter in any forecast shall be varied by no more than 20% when reported in
the subsequent binding forecast, unless agreed to by Nuo. The fourth (4 th ) quarter of each forecast are non-binding
and may be modified by Boyalife at any time in its sole discretion. Nuo will not guarantee fulfillment of orders constituting an
aggregate increase in firm order quantities over forecasted quantities for a given quarter in excess of 20%. In addition to the
forecast, Boyalife is encouraged to provide Nuo at any time with advance non-binding notice of expected significant changes to
the existing quarterly forecast for purposes of production planning. 

(e)          Regular
Communication. The Parties will meet telephonically or face-to-face no less than quarterly to review, among other things, sales
performance, progress on sales metrics, on hand inventory levels, customer usage information, and make such adjustments and changes
as are agreed to by the Parties. 

(f)          Reservation
of Title. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, Nuo reserves to itself and retains all right, title and interest in and
to all Intellectual Property related to the Product and to any modifications, enhancements, improvements and upgrades thereto implemented
by Nuo. Boyalife may not duplicate, translate, decompile, reverse engineer or adapt any Product or component parts thereof without
Nuo s prior written consent. 

(g)          No
Other Rights. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no right, title, or interest is granted by Nuo to Boyalife hereunder.
Nuo may distribute any products, other than the Product, which shall not compete with the Product, within the Territory, either
directly or indirectly through distributors, and no right, title or interest is granted by Nuo to Boyalife relating to such products. 

(h)          Other
Information Reporting. Boyalife shall provide to Nuo, at Boyalife s expense and in English, each and every Product-related
quality and/or performance complaint reasonably after receipt of such complaint by customer. Boyalife shall use a complaint reporting
form agreed upon by the Parties for reporting the information to Nuo. 

(i)          Post-Sale
Service, Technical Assistance, and Support. Boyalife shall provide to its customers post-sale service, technical assistance and
support for Products sold by Boyalife in the Territory, at Boyalife s sole cost and expense (other than warranty claims in
accordance with this Agreement). 

6.           SUPPLY
OF PRODUCT . 

(a)          Transfer
Price. On and after the Transition Event, Boyalife shall purchase, and Nuo shall supply all Products currently in production at
the Transfer Price. 

(b)          Trade
Term. The Transfer Price for Product purchased by Boyalife hereunder shall be Free Carrier ( FCA ), Nuo s Point
of Shipment or other trade term the Parties agree. 

(c)          Certain
Taxes. The Parties acknowledge that the Transfer Prices of Product do not include any sales, excise, use, value added or other
government taxes or duties that may be applicable to the export, import or purchase of the Product, including all income and income-based
taxes imposed on Nuo under applicable laws in Territory, which taxes shall be the sole responsibility of Boyalife and Boyalife
agrees that it will bear all such taxes and duties. 

(d)          Order
and Acceptance. All orders for Product shall be by means of a written purchase order which shall be submitted to Nuo at Nuo s
address for notice purposes set forth in Section 12(e), and shall request a delivery date. Orders may be placed by telephone, facsimile
transmission or, upon the Parties  agreement, by e-mail;  provided ,  however , that a signed confirming purchase
order is received by Nuo no later than ten (10) business days after such order. Nuo shall notify Boyalife in writing within a reasonable
period of time from submission of the purchase order of any rejected order and the reason(s) for such rejection. 

(e)          Invoicing;
Payment. Nuo shall submit an invoice to Boyalife with each shipment of Product ordered by Boyalife. Such invoice shall be due
and payable thirty (30) days following the date of such invoice. All invoices shall be sent to Boyalife s address for
notice purposes set forth in Section 12(e), without regard to the actual shipping address for the Product. Each such invoice
shall state Boyalife s aggregate and unit purchase price for Product in the relevant shipment, plus any freight, taxes
or other costs incident to the purchase or shipment initially paid by Nuo and to be borne by Boyalife hereunder. Boyalife
shall make all payments to Nuo under this Agreement in United States dollars in immediately available funds to a bank account
designated by Nuo in such invoice, or otherwise designated by Nuo in writing. Boyalife shall not take any credits or offsets
against amounts billed Boyalife by Nuo without Nuo s prior written consent. 

(f)          Shipping;
Risk of Loss. 

(i)          All
Product delivered by Nuo pursuant to this Agreement shall be suitably packed for surface or air shipment, in Boyalife s sole
discretion, in a bulk shipping carton per the requirements set forth in the applicable purchase order, marked for shipment to such
location or locations as Boyalife may designate, and delivered to Boyalife or its carrier, FCA, Nuo s Point of Shipment.
Risk of loss of Product shall pass to Boyalife upon delivery to the carrier at the FCA Point of Shipment. 

(ii)         Nuo
shall ship all Product in accordance with Boyalife s delivery instructions specified in Boyalife s purchase orders;
 provided ,  however , that if Boyalife does not provide delivery instructions with respect to the carrier to be used,
Nuo may use its customary carrier. Partial shipments are allowed. All freight, insurance and other shipping expenses, as well as
any special packing expenses, shall be paid by Boyalife. Boyalife shall also bear all applicable taxes and duties that may be assessed
against the Product after delivery to the carrier at the FCA Point of Shipment. 

(iii)        Nuo
shall use its good faith efforts to ship the Product within a reasonable amount of time after receipt and acceptance of Boyalife s
purchase order for the Product, consistent with Nuo s shipping procedures in place from time to time. All shipments of Product
shall be deemed to conform to the relevant purchase order unless Nuo receives from Boyalife, no later than fifteen (15) days after
the receiving date of a given shipment, written notice specifying the shipment, the purchase order number and the exact nature
of the discrepancy between the shipment and the order. 

(g)          Manufacturing.
Should Nuo no longer be capable of supplying Products to Boyalife, then Boyalife would have the right to manufacture products directly
or enter into a third party supply relationship for the Products. All necessary Aurix IP shall be maintained in an escrow account
and shall be released to Boyalife should Nuo cease capability of supplying Aurix Products to Boyalife. 

7.           ADDITIONAL
OBLIGATIONS OF BOYALIFE . 

(a)          Compliance
with Laws. Boyalife shall comply in all respects with the laws and regulations (including health and safety regulations) applicable
to the marketing, distribution, sale and service of Product within the Territory. Boyalife shall monitor the appropriate information
sources in the Territory for material changes in such laws and regulations relating to the distribution of Product within the Territory
and notify Nuo in writing of all such material changes. 

(b)          U.S.
Export Controls. Boyalife understands and acknowledges that Nuo is subject to regulation by agencies of the United States Government,
including the United States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of the Treasury, and the United States Food and
Drug Administration, which prohibit export or diversion of certain products and technology to certain countries. Any and all obligations
of Nuo to provide the Product, documentation, or any media in which any of the foregoing is contained, as well as any other technical
assistance shall be subject in all respects to such United States laws and regulations as shall from time to time govern the license
and delivery of technology and products abroad by Persons subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, including the Export
Administration Act of 1979, as amended, any successor legislation, and the Export Administration Regulations issued by the Department
of Commerce, Bureau of Export Administration. Boyalife agrees to cooperate with Nuo, including providing required documentation,
in order to obtain export licenses or exemptions therefrom. 

(c)          Regulatory
Relationships. Boyalife shall communicate with regulatory agencies within the Territory where the Product is registered, sold or
serviced by Boyalife for purposes of monitoring and maintaining any necessary documents or filings required for Boyalife to conduct
sales of the Product. 

(d)          No
Conflicting Commitments. Boyalife shall not enter into any third party commitments or contracts for Product sales or service and
repair that supersedes or conflicts with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

(e)          Distribution
of Competitive Products. Other than Boyalife s own existing products, Boyalife agrees not to, directly or indirectly, distribute
or otherwise offer for sale similar third party platelet based products in wound care. 

(f)          Commercialization
Resources and Diligence. Boyalife shall apply best efforts to the marketing, sales and customer support of the Product similar
to the effort and resources Boyalife applies to its other products. 

8.           ADDITIONAL
OBLIGATIONS OF NUO . 

(a)          Compliance
with Laws. Notwithstanding Section 7 of this Agreement, Nuo will obtain and maintain at its expense the necessary regulatory clearances
in the United States supporting the approval and clearance of the Product. Nuo will assist Boyalife, at Boyalife s expense,
in obtaining regulatory clearances in Boyalife s name for the Product. Nuo shall comply in all material respects with all
laws and regulations within the United States applicable to the manufacture, labeling, packaging and sale of the Product. Nuo shall
supply to Boyalife only Product which has 510(k) clearance or for which an application for such clearance has been filed. 

(b)          Support.
Nuo shall provide consultation to Boyalife concerning technical aspects, regulatory approvals, and use of the Product from time
to time as reasonably requested by Boyalife. Nuo shall also provide consultation to Boyalife regarding regulatory approvals within
the Territory. 

(c)          Scientific
and Technical Information. Nuo shall provide to Boyalife scientific and technical information available to Nuo and required for
distribution to obtain any registrations, licenses and permits required for the sale and distribution of the Product within the
Territory, or to respond to inquiries from customers or governmental or regulatory authorities. 

(d)          Product
Training. Nuo shall provide Product training for Boyalife s product managers and field application specialists on an as-needed
basis to enable Boyalife to promote the sale of Product and to perform post-sale customer training, technical assistance and support
for its customers. Such Product training shall be conducted, at times and locations requested by Boyalife and agreed upon by Nuo,
and will be free of charge,  provided ,  however , that Boyalife shall be responsible for all out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with such Product training, including travel, airfare and lodging expenses incurred by Boyalife s
personnel while attending such training. In addition, Nuo will provide Product updates and service bulletins as they become available. 

(e)          Information
Reporting. Nuo shall provide to Boyalife, at Nuo s expense, (i) information regarding any discovered defects in the Product,
or any malfunction or deterioration in the performance of the Products, and (ii) any inadequacy in the labeling or the instructions
for use. Boyalife is responsible for disseminating the information to customers and sales representatives as appropriate. 

(f)          Registrations,
Licenses and Patents. Nuo shall, as necessary to support approval, registration and licensing of the Products by Boyalife in the
Territory: (a) maintain all current regulatory files, registrations and licenses for Products outside of the Territory, (b) maintain
and pay fees associated with any third party intellectual property licenses, if any, necessary to practice the rights granted under
this Agreement, and (c) maintain and pay the associated filing and maintenance fees for all patents owned by Nuo. 

(g)          Responsible
Person. Boyalife shall notify the competent authorities in Territory that it has been designated as the person responsible for
the marketing and distribution of the Product within the Territory, and Boyalife s address for notice purposes in Section
12(e) shall be the principal place of business for such purposes. 

(h)          Inventory
Requirement. Nuo or its contracted manufacturers will maintain no less than forty five (45) days  finished goods inventories
of Products based upon Boyalife s annual unit forecast, updated on a rolling quarterly basis, pursuant to Section 5(d) above,
and forty five (45) days  inventory of service and support parts, based on historical usage, to assure supply of Product
for customers. 

(i)          Indemnity
Obligations. Nuo will indemnify, hold harmless and upon Boyalife s request, defend at its own expense Boyalife and its officers,
directors, employees, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the  Boyalife Indemnified Persons )
from and against any loss, claim, cost, suit, action, liability, judgment, decree, damage or expense including reasonable attorney s
fees, imposed upon, incurred by or asserted against the Boyalife Indemnified Persons, arising from any third party claim, demand
or action arising from (i) the infringement or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of a third party by a Product
or use thereof, or Boyalife s use of the Nuo Trademarks, pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) any defect in the manufacturing
or design of a Product. 

9.           REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARTIES . 

(a)          Nuo.
Nuo hereby represents and warrants to Distributor that: 

(i)          Nuo
is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has all
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its businesses as it is currently being
conducted. Nuo has all necessary corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder.
This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Nuo. 

(ii)         The
execution, delivery and performance by Nuo of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not
violate or conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Nuo, any material contract, agreement or instrument to which
Nuo is a party or by which it or its properties are bound, or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body
or arbitrator by which Nuo is bound, or any law, rule or regulation applicable to Nuo. 

(iii)        Nuo
holds valid licenses to third party intellectual property, if any, necessary to practice the rights granted in this Agreement.
Further, Nuo is the sole, exclusive and lawful owner of all right, title and interest in and to the applicable Nuo Technology incorporated
in the Product and to the Nuo Trademarks. Nuo has not granted to any other Person any license, franchise or other rights to acquire,
use or exploit the Nuo Technology within the Territory (or any portion thereof). Nuo has the right to grant the license, distribution
and other rights to Boyalife hereunder. 

(iv)        Nuo
has in place, and shall have in place during the time that the manufacturing of the Products remains under its regulatory control:
(1) a quality management system that meets the requirements of current ISO 13485:2003 and 21CFR820; (2) required U.S. FDA registrations;
(3) good manufacturing practice (GMP) controls at all manufacturing facilities associated with Product; (4) a change management
system to control internal and supplier processes, so that changes to processes, contact materials and devices/components are approved
by Nuo prior to implementation; (5) special process validations, specifically for cleaning, sterile barrier packaging and sterilization;
and (6) sterilizers which maintain proper ISO certifications. 

(b)          Boyalife.
Boyalife hereby represents and warrants to Nuo that: 

(i)          Boyalife
is a company duly organized and existing under the laws of Territory, and has all power and authority to own, lease and operate
its properties and to carry on its businesses as currently conducted. Boyalife has all necessary power and authority to enter into
this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Boyalife. 

(ii)         The
execution, delivery and performance by Boyalife of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not violate or conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Boyalife, any material contract, agreement or instrument
to which Boyalife is a party or by which it or its properties are bound, or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court,
governmental body or arbitrator by which Boyalife is bound, or any law, rule or regulation applicable to Boyalife. 

(iii)        Boyalife
has (directly and/or with its Affiliates) the distribution facilities and personnel reasonably necessary to perform its functions
and otherwise carry out its obligations under the terms of this Agreement. 

10.          TERM
AND TERMINATION . 

(a)          Term.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for five (5) years (the  Initial Term ),
unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10(b). Upon mutual consent of the Parties, the Agreement will be extended for an
additional three (3) year period (the  Renewal Term  and together with Initial Term, the  Term ), subject
to termination during such Renewal Terms as set forth in this Agreement. Prior to expiration of the Initial Term, the Parties may
negotiate in good faith to transfer ownership of the Aurix Product within the Territory. If an agreement is not reached by the
end of the Term, the Agreement will automatically renew for a subsequent three (3) year period. 

(b)          Termination
of Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated as follows: 

(i)          The
Parties may terminate this Agreement upon their mutual written agreement. 

(ii)         Nuo
may terminate this Agreement if Boyalife breaches any of its material representations, warranties, covenants or obligations under
this Agreement and such breach continues for a period of thirty (30) days following Boyalife s receipt of written notice
from Nuo setting forth the nature of such breach. The dispute of audit findings shall be excluded, until it is decided by binding
arbitration. 

(iii)        Boyalife
may terminate this Agreement if Nuo breaches any of its material representations, warranties, covenants or obligations under this
Agreement and such breach continues for a period of thirty (30) days following Nuo s receipt of written notice from Boyalife
setting forth the nature of such breach. 

(iv)        One
Party may terminate immediately this Agreement by written notice to the other Party upon the occurrence of any of the following
events: (i) the other Party is or becomes insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they become due within the meaning of the United
States Bankruptcy Code (or any successor statute) or any analogous foreign statute; or (ii) the other Party appoints or has appointed
a receiver for all or substantially all of its assets, or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (iii) the other
Party files a voluntary petition under the United States Bankruptcy Code (or any successor statute) or any analogous foreign statute;
or (iv) the other Party has filed against it an involuntary petition under the United States Bankruptcy Code (or any successor
statute) or any analogous foreign statute, and such petition is not dismissed within ninety (90) days. 

(v)         After
the Initial Term or each Renewal Term, either Party may terminate this Agreement at the end of the current Renewal Term by giving
the other Party written notice of termination at least six (6) months prior to the end of the current Renewal Term. 

(c)          Effect
of Termination. 

(i)          The
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any Party of any of its rights or liabilities arising prior
to or upon such expiration or earlier termination. 

(ii)         Within
ten (10) business days following the effective date of the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Boyalife shall
provide to Nuo a complete inventory of Product in Boyalife s possession, in transit between Boyalife s authorized locations
or in transit to Boyalife from Nuo or otherwise in Boyalife s control. Nuo may inspect Boyalife s Product inventory
and audit Boyalife s records in the manner provided herein. 

(iii)        If
Boyalife gives written notice of its intention not to renew for the Renewal Term in accordance with this Agreement, then Boyalife
and Nuo shall meet to establish a transition plan. In addition to establishing a transition plan, Boyalife shall: 

(1)         make
available any existing inventory of Product to Nuo, including any Product that has been customized by Boyalife; 

(2)         transfer
and assign all regulatory certifications or licenses related to the Product; 

(3)         provide
customer information needed to facilitate the orderly transition of the sale and marketing of the Product; 

(4)         transition
all manufacturing and vendor agreements; 

(5)         negotiate
in good faith to provide a license to use any Boyalife Intellectual Property related to or used in the sale of the Products by
Boyalife pursuant to this Agreement; and 

(6)         take
any other action reasonably requested by Nuo to facilitate the orderly transition of the sale and marketing of the Product in the
Territory following expiration of the Term. 

(iv)        Notwithstanding
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, Boyalife may continue to market, distribute and sell Products within the
Territory after the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement until the earlier of (i) the date that Boyalife has sold
all of its Product inventory existing as of the effective date of expiration or earlier termination and (ii) the six (6)-month
anniversary of the effective date of expiration or earlier termination. 

(d)          Force
Majeure. Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for non-performance of or delay in performing its obligations hereunder
to the extent that performance is rendered impossible by strike, riot, war, acts of God, acts of terrorism, earthquake, fire, flood,
governmental acts or orders or restrictions, failure of suppliers, or any other reason to the extent that the failure to perform
is beyond the reasonable control of the non-performing Party. 

11.  CONFIDENTIALITY . 

(a)          Confidentiality.
Each Party acknowledges that, in the course of performing its duties and obligations under this Agreement, certain information
that is confidential or proprietary to such Party ( Confidential Information ) will be furnished by the other Party
or such other Party s representatives. Each Party agrees that any Confidential Information furnished by the other Party or
such other Party s representatives will not be used by it or its representatives except in connection with, and for the purposes
of, the development, promotion, marketing, distribution and sale of Products under this Agreement and, except as provided herein,
will not be disclosed by it or its representatives without the prior written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Parties agree that other than trade secrets (as defined under the Uniform Trade Secrets Act or its equivalent in the Territory)
all Confidential Information shall be clearly marked  CONFIDENTIAL  or, if furnished in oral form, shall be stated
to be confidential by the Party disclosing such information at the time of such disclosure and reduced to a writing by the Party
disclosing such information which is furnished to the other Party or such other Party s representatives within forty-five
(45) days after such disclosure. 

(b)          Exceptions.
The confidentiality obligations of each Party under Section 11(a) do not extend to any Confidential Information furnished by the
other Party or such other Party s representatives that (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as
a result of a disclosure by such Party or its representatives, (ii) was available to such Party or its representatives on a non-confidential
basis prior to its disclosure thereto by the other Party or such other Party s representatives, (iii) was independently developed
without the use of the other Party s Confidential Information by representatives of such Party who did not have access to
the other Party s Confidential Information, as established by contemporaneous written records, or (iv) becomes available
to such Party or its representatives on an non-confidential basis from a source other than the other Party or such other Party s
representatives;  provided ,  however , that such source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with the other Party
or such other Party s representatives. 

(c)          Authorized
Disclosure. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Party may disclose Confidential Information of the other
Party: (i) to the extent required to comply with applicable legal requirements including as part of regular securities law reporting
requirements and/or in accordance with securities regulatory authority or securities exchange rules, demands and/or practice; (ii)
to the extent and to the persons and entities required by rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers;  provided ,
 however , that the responding Party shall first have given prompt notice to the other Party hereto to enable it to seek any
available exemptions from or limitations on such disclosure requirement and shall reasonably cooperate in such efforts by the other
Party; or (iii) as necessary to file or prosecute patent applications, prosecute or defend litigation or otherwise establish rights
or enforce obligations under this Agreement, but only to the extent that any such disclosure is necessary. 

(d)          Compelled
Disclosure. In the event that either Party or its representatives are requested or become legally compelled (by oral questions,
interrogatories, requests for information or document subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any
Confidential Information furnished by the other Party or such other Party s representatives or the fact that such Confidential
Information has been made available to it, such Party agrees that it or its representatives, as the case may be, will provide the
other Party with prompt written notice of such request(s) so that the other Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate
remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is
not obtained, or that the other Party waives compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, such Party agrees that it will furnish
only that portion of such Confidential Information that is legally required and will exercise its best efforts to obtain reliable
assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to that portion of such Confidential Information and other information being
disclosed. 

(e)          Ownership
of Confidential Information. The Party disclosing or otherwise furnishing Confidential Information to the other Party will retain
the exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to such Confidential Information. 

(f)          Survival.
The obligations of the Parties under this Section 11 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for
a period of three (3) years;  provided ,  however , that information that is a  trade secret  shall be not
be used and shall be kept confidential by the Party receiving such Confidential Information from the disclosing Party until such
information is no longer deemed a  trade secret  under the Uniform Trade Secrets Act or its equivalent in the Territory. 

12.          GENERAL
PROVISIONS . 

(a)          Independent
Contractors. The relationship of Nuo and Boyalife established by this Agreement is that of independent contractors, and nothing
shall be deemed to create or imply any employer/employee, principal/agent, partner/partner or co-venturer relationship, or that
the Parties are participants in a common undertaking. Neither Party may direct or control the activities of the other Party or
incur or assume any obligation on behalf of the other Party or bind such other Party to any obligation for any purpose whatsoever. 

(b)          Governing
Law. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall be governed,
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to rules of conflicts or choice
of laws. 

(c)          Dispute
Resolution. Any disputes or controversies which may arise between parties in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled
by arbitration. Such arbitration shall be held in English, in Wilmington, Delaware, the United States, pursuant to the Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association if arbitration proceedings are initiated by Boyalife, and in Hong Kong,
China, pursuant to the rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce if arbitration proceedings
are initiated by Nuo. The decision of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s)
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator(s) shall be authorized to award any relief, whether legal
or equitable, to the Party so entitled to such relief. 

(d)          Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits and any schedules, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties
relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written, and all contemporary oral, negotiations, agreements
and understandings with respect to the same. 

(e)          Notices.
All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be
deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) by delivery in person, by cable, facsimile or international courier, or by registered
or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), to the other Party at the following address (or at such other address
for which such Party gives notice hereunder): 

If to Boyalife: 

Boyalife Hong Kong Ltd. 

 c/o Boyalife Group Ltd. 

 800 Jiefang Road, 14 th  Floor 

 Wuxi, China, 214002 

 Attention: CEO s Office 

 Telephone: +86 (510) 81808111 

 Facsimile: +86 (510) 81177850 

If to Nuo: 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

 207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1 
Gaithersburg, MD 20877 
Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
Telephone: (240) 499-2680 
Facsimile: (240) 499-2690 

(f)          Assignment
and Binding Effect. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither Party may, directly or indirectly, assign its rights
or delegate its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party;  provided  that Nuo may
assign this Agreement (i) to an Affiliate, (ii) to a successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of Nuo, (iii)
to any secured party in connection with its rights under the credit agreement and the other financing documents. No permitted assignment
of rights or delegation of duties under this Agreement shall relieve the assigning or delegating Party of its liabilities hereunder.
For purposes of this Agreement, either Party shall be deemed to have assigned this Agreement in the event of a Change of Control
with respect to such Party. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement is binding upon, and inures to the benefit of, the Parties
and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

(g)          Partial
Invalidity. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remaining provisions
shall remain, nevertheless, in full force and effect. The Parties agree to renegotiate in good faith any term held invalid and
to be bound by the mutually agreed substitute provision in order to give the most approximate effect intended by the Parties. 

(h)          No
Waiver; Amendment. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement shall be valid or binding on any Party unless agreed to
in writing by the Party to be charged. The failure of either Party to enforce at any time any of the provisions of the Agreement,
or the failure to require at any time performance by the other Party of any of the provisions of this Agreement, shall in no way
be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provisions, nor in any way affect the validity of either Party to enforce
each and every such provision thereafter. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by the written agreement of the
Parties. 

(i)          Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, taken together,
shall constitute one instrument. 

(j)          Consent
Not Unreasonably Withheld. No Party given the right to approve or consent to any matter shall unreasonably withhold, condition
or delay its approval or consent. The failure to respond in writing within any specified time period shall be deemed unconditioned
approval of or consent to the relevant matter;  provided  that the Party requesting such approval or consent gives written
notice requesting a response at least two (2) business days prior to the expiration of the specified time period, if any. 

(k)          Construction;
Interpretation. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. Any section, recital, exhibit, schedule and Party references are to this Agreement unless
otherwise stated. No Party, nor its counsel, shall be deemed the drafter of this Agreement for purposes of construing the provisions
of this Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with their fair meaning, and not strictly
for or against any Party. Each Party hereby acknowledges that they have not relied on any promise, representation or warranty that
is not set forth in this Agreement. Whenever the words  include,   includes,   including  or
similar expressions are used in this Agreement, they will be understood be followed by the words  without limitation. 
All references to  $  or  dollars  are to U.S. dollars, and all amounts to be calculated or paid under
this Agreement will be in U.S. dollars. 

(l)          Further
Assurances. Each Party agrees to cooperate fully with the other and execute such instruments, documents and agreements and take
such further actions to carry out the intents and purposes of this Agreement. 

(m)          Press
Releases and Announcements. Except as may be contemplated hereunder, neither Party may issue any press release, product any professional
publications or make any public announcement concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement without the prior consent
of the other Party, except for any releases, publications or announcements which may be required by or, in such Party s discretion,
reasonably necessary under applicable law, in which case the Party proposing to make such release or announcement will allow the
other Party a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such release, publications or announcement in advance of such issuance
or making. 

[Remainder of This Page Intentionally
Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]   

I n
 W itness  W hereof   , each of the undersigned
has caused this Agreement to be duly executed. 

N uo
    therapeutics  I nc    .   

By: 

Name: David Jorden  

Title: Acting CEO/CFO  

BOYALIFE  H Ong  K Ong
     L td  .     

By : 

Name: XIAOCHUN XU   

Title: CHAIRMAN  

Exhibit 1  

Nuo Patent  

Nuo Patent-1   

Application No. 

Patent No. 

Nuo Patent-2 

Application No. 

Patent No. 

Exhibit 2  

Nuo Trademark  

AURIX 

AURIX SYSTEM 

AUTOLOGEL 

CYTOMEDIX 

NUO THERAPEUTICS 

Exhibit 3  

Product  

Centrifuge II  

Wound Dressing Kit Section I  

S-Monovette Tubes  
      ACD-A, 6.0ml   
 
      Safety-MultiFly Set  
      21g x  3 / 4      
 
      Tourniquet  

Alcohol Prep Pads  
      2-Ply Medium, Saturated with 70%   
 
      Gauze Sponges  

Adhesive Bandage Strips  

Foam Tub Holder  

Wound Dressing Kit Section II  

Alcohol Prep Pads  
      2-Ply Medium, Saturated with 70%   
 
      Gauze Sponges 

3 mL Syringe w/Needle  
      20 G x 1    
 
      5 mL Syringe w/Needle  
      20 G x 1     
 
      20 mL Syringe w/Needle  

3 Way Stop Lock  
      Discofix   
 
      Blunt Needle  
      Monoject 16  x 1  1 / 2     
 
      Skin Protection Wipe  
      Cavilon No Sting Barrier Film, 1.0 ml   
 
      N-Terface Dressing  
      4  x 12  Strip   

Reagent Kit  

Ascor L 500, Ascorbic Acid Injection, USP, 500mg/mL  
      McGuff Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   
 
      Calcium Chloride Injection, USP, 10%  
      American Reagents, Inc.    
 
     Thrombin Topical (Bovine Origin) USP, Thrombin-JMI 5,000U King Pharmaceuticals (Pfizer)  

Exhibit  4    

Transfer Price  

Procurement Cost   
       5% Mark-up    

Centrifuge II 

Wound Dressing Kit 

Reagent Kit 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.45>
 8
 v446039_ex10-45.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.45

Exhibit 10.45  

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT  

This Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated on and as of April __, 2016 (this    Agreement   ), is made by and among  NUO THERAPEUTICS,
INC ., a Delaware corporation and debtor and debtor-in-possession under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the
   Company   ), the undersigned purchasers (each a    Purchaser    and collectively,
the    Purchasers   ) and each assignee of a Purchaser who becomes a party hereto. 

WHEREAS , the
Company is a debtor and debtor-in-possession in Case No. 16-10192 (MFW). (the    Case   ) pending in the
United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the    Bankruptcy Court   )  ( captioned
 In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. ) under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C.  101, et seq.)
(the    Bankruptcy Code   ); 

WHEREAS , the
Company will be reorganized pursuant to its First Amended Plan of Reorganization (the    Plan   ), subject
to entry of a final order confirming the Plan by the Bankruptcy Court (the    Confirmation Order   ); 

WHEREAS , subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the    Securities Act   ) and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to offer,
issue and sell to the Purchasers (the    Offering   ), and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, desire
to purchase from the Company, shares (the    Shares   ) of the Company s New Common Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the    New Common Stock   ). The Shares are sometimes referred to herein as the    Securities   
and 

WHEREAS , the
net proceeds of the Offering are intended to be used by the Company to finance in part the distributions to be made under the Plan,
to pay the fees and expenses associated therewith, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes of the Company
and its subsidiaries. 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration
the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and each of the Purchasers agree as follows: 

1    SUBSCRIPTION    

(a)            Subject to the
conditions to closing set forth herein, each Purchaser hereby irrevocably subscribes for and agrees to purchase Securities for
the aggregate purchase price set forth on the signature page of such Purchaser hereto (the    Subscription Amount   ).
The Securities to be issued to each Purchaser hereunder shall consist of Shares in an amount equal to the quotient of (x) the Subscription
Amount, divided by (y) the Share Purchase Price, rounded down to the nearest whole number. 

(b)            For the purposes
of this Agreement, the purchase price for each Share shall be $1.00 (the    Share Purchase Price   ). 

(c)            The Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to hold the closing of the Offering (the    Closing   , and the date
of the Closing, the    Closing Date   ) as soon as practicable after entry of the Confirmation Order by the
Bankruptcy Court approving the Plan but no later than May 5, 2016. Prior to the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver the applicable
Subscription Amount, by wire transfer to an escrow account in accordance with the wire transfer instructions set forth on  Schedule
A , and such amount shall be held in the manner described in  Section 1(d)  below. There is no minimum Subscription Amount
required for the Closing. 

(d)            All payments
for Securities made by the Purchasers will be deposited as soon as practicable but by no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on
the date of this Agreement, in a non-interest bearing escrow account. With respect to each Purchaser, payments for Securities made
by such Purchaser will be returned promptly, prior to an applicable Closing, without interest or deduction, if, or to the extent,
(i) such Purchaser s subscription is rejected by the Company, (ii) the Offering is terminated for any reason; or (iii) upon
request by such Purchaser, if the Closing does not occur within fifteen (15) days after the date of the Confirmation Order; provided,
however, that the foregoing clause (iii) shall not relieve any Purchaser of any liability in the event the Closing does not occur
within such fifteen (15) day period due to the failure of a Purchaser to deliver such Purchaser s applicable Subscription
Amount. 

(e)            Upon receipt
by the Company of the requisite payment for all Securities to be purchased by the Purchasers whose subscriptions are accepted,
the Company shall, at the Closing: (i) issue to each Purchaser stock certificates representing the shares of New Common Stock purchased
at such Closing under this Agreement, (ii) deliver to the Purchasers a certificate stating that the representations and warranties
made by the Company in  Section 3  of this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on the date of such Closing
relating to the Securities subscribed for pursuant to this Agreement as though made on and as of such Closing Date (provided, however,
that representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date shall continue to be true and correct as of the Closing with
respect to such date), and (iii) cause to be delivered to the Purchasers an opinion of Dentons US LLP substantially in the form
of Exhibit A hereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company and Purchasers agree that no funds may be released
to the Company from the escrow account until entry of the Confirmation Order by the Bankruptcy Court approving the Plan, all of
the items required to be delivered by the Company pursuant to this  Section 1(e)  have been delivered in accordance with this
section and all other conditions to Closing set forth in this Agreement have been satisfied or waived. Upon satisfaction or waiver
of all conditions to the Closing set forth in this Agreement, funds may be released from the escrow account upon the written instructions
of the Company. 

(f)             Each Purchaser
acknowledges and agrees, solely with respect to itself, that (i) the purchase of Shares by such Purchaser pursuant to the Offering
is subject to all the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and (ii) this Agreement shall be binding upon such Purchaser
upon the execution and delivery to the Company of such Purchaser s signed counterpart signature page to this Agreement unless
and until the Company shall promptly reject the subscription being made hereby by such Purchaser. 

2    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF EACH PURCHASER    

Each Purchaser, severally
and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants only as to itself to the Company, and agrees with the Company as follows: 

(a)            Such Purchaser
understands and acknowledges and is fully aware that (i) the Company is a debtor and debtor-in-possession under Chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code in Case No. 16-10192 (MFW) pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, (ii) the
Company is delinquent in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the    SEC   ), including
as a result of its failure to file any quarterly or annual periodic report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for any quarterly or annual
fiscal period ended after December 31, 2015 (including as a result of certain SEC no-action letter relief), (iii) the Securities
are currently quoted on the OTC Markets Group OTC Pink marketplace, and (iv) the Securities are not presently quoted or listed
for trading on any national securities exchange, and, notwithstanding the circumstances described in the preceding clauses (i),
(ii), (iii) and (iv) (and without limiting any of the other representations and warranties or agreements of Purchaser herein),
such Purchaser has made its own investment decision to subscribe for and purchase Securities issued in the Offering. 

(b)            Such Purchaser
has carefully read this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement attached hereto as  Exhibit B  and the Registration Rights Agreement
attached hereto as  Exhibit C  (collectively the    Offering Documents   ), and is familiar with
and understands the terms of the Offering. Such Purchaser has also carefully read and considered the Company s First Amended
Disclosure Statement for Debtor s First Amended Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code dated March
28, 2016 (the    Disclosure Statement   ) and the Plan Supplement dated April 15, 2016. Such Purchaser has
relied only on the information contained in the Offering Documents, the Disclosure Statement and the Company s SEC filings
through the Closing Date (the    SEC Filings   ), and has not relied on any representation made by any other
person, other than as set forth in  Sections 2(c) and (d)  below. Such Purchaser fully understands all of the risks related
to the purchase of the Securities. Such Purchaser has carefully considered and has discussed with such Purchaser s professional
legal, tax, accounting and financial advisors, to the extent such Purchaser has deemed necessary, the suitability of an investment
in the Securities for such Purchaser s particular tax and financial situation and has determined that the Securities being
subscribed for by such Purchaser are a suitable investment for such Purchaser. Such Purchaser recognizes that an investment in
the Securities involves substantial risks, including the possible loss of the entire amount of such investment. Such Purchaser
further recognizes that the Company has broad discretion concerning the use and application of the proceeds from the Offering. 

(c)            Such Purchaser
acknowledges that (i) such Purchaser has had the opportunity to request copies of any documents, records, and books pertaining
to this investment and (ii) any such documents, records and books that such Purchaser requested have been made available for inspection
by such Purchaser, such Purchaser s attorney, accountant or advisors. 

(d)            Such Purchaser
and such Purchaser s advisors have had a reasonable opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from representatives
of the Company or persons acting on behalf of the Company concerning the Offering and all such questions have been answered to
the full satisfaction of such Purchaser. Such Purchaser understands that it is not relying on any representation of any kind made
by the Company regarding the Company, the Securities or any other matter other than as set forth herein. 

(e)            Such Purchaser
is not subscribing for Securities as a result of or subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published
in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar, meeting or conference
whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising. 

(f)             If such Purchaser
is a natural person, such Purchaser has reached the age of majority in the state in which such Purchaser resides. Such Purchaser
has adequate means of providing for such Purchaser s current financial needs and contingencies, is able to bear the substantial
economic risks of an investment in the Securities for an indefinite period of time, has no need for liquidity in such investment
and can afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(g)            Such Purchaser
has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters to enable such Purchaser to utilize the information
made available to such Purchaser in connection with the Offering, to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities
and to make an informed investment decision with respect to an investment in the Securities on the terms described in the Offering
Documents. 

(h)            Such Purchaser
will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities without registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities
laws or an applicable exemption therefrom. Such Purchaser acknowledges that neither the offer nor sale of the Securities has been
registered under the Securities Act or under the securities laws of any state. Such Purchaser represents and warrants that such
Purchaser is acquiring the Securities for such Purchaser s own account and not with a current view toward resale or distribution
within the meaning of the Securities Act. Such Purchaser has not offered or sold the Securities being acquired nor does such Purchaser
have any present intention of selling, distributing or otherwise disposing of such Securities either currently or after the passage
of a fixed or determinable period of time or upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any predetermined event or circumstances
in violation of the Securities Act. Such Purchaser is aware that (i) the Securities are not currently eligible for sale in reliance
upon Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and (ii) the Company has no obligation to register the Securities subscribed
for hereunder, except as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company and the Purchasers,
in the form of  Exhibit C  attached hereto (the    Registration Rights Agreement   ). By making these
representations herein, such Purchaser is not making any representation or agreement to hold the Securities for any minimum or
other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration
statement or an available exemption to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

(i)            Such Purchaser
acknowledges that the certificates representing the Shares shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend substantially
in the following form: 

The securities represented hereby
have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws and neither the securities
nor any interest therein may be offered, sold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of except pursuant to an effective registration
under such act or an exemption from registration, which is available under such act. 

Certificates evidencing
the Shares shall not be required to contain such legend or any other legend (i) following any sale of such Shares pursuant to Rule
144, or (ii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144(b) or have been sold pursuant to the Registration Statement (as
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) and in compliance with the obligations set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement,
or (iii) such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and
pronouncements issued by the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission), in each such case (i) through (iii) to the extent
reasonably determined by the Company s legal counsel. Subject to the foregoing, at such time and to the extent a legend is
no longer required for the Shares, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to no later than five (5) trading days following
the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or to the Company and the Company s transfer agent of a legended certificate representing
such Shares (together with such accompanying documentation or representations as reasonably required by counsel to the Company),
deliver or cause to be delivered a certificate representing such Shares that is free from the foregoing legend. 

(j)             If this Agreement
is executed and delivered on behalf of a partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, estate or other entity: (i)
such partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, estate or other entity has the full legal right and power and
all authority and approval required (a) to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other instruments executed and delivered
by or on behalf of such partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, estate or other entity in connection with the
purchase of its Securities, and (b) to purchase and hold such Securities, (ii) the signature of the party signing on behalf of
such partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, estate or other entity is binding upon such partnership, corporation,
limited liability company, trust, estate or other entity, and (iii) such partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust
or other entity has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring such Securities, unless each beneficial owner of such
entity is qualified as an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act and has submitted information to the Company substantiating such individual qualification. 

(k)            If such Purchaser
is a retirement plan or is investing on behalf of a retirement plan, such Purchaser acknowledges that an investment in the Securities
poses additional risks, including the inability to use losses generated by an investment in the Securities to offset taxable income. 

(l)            The information
contained in the purchaser questionnaire in the form of  Exhibit D  attached hereto (the    Purchaser Questionnaire   )
delivered by such Purchaser in connection with this Agreement is complete and accurate in all respects, and such Purchaser is an
 accredited investor  as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act on the basis indicated therein. 

(m)            Such Purchaser
acknowledges that the Company will have the authority to issue shares of New Common Stock, in excess of those being issued in connection
with the Offering, and that the Company may issue additional shares of New Common Stock from time to time. The issuance of additional
shares of New Common Stock may cause dilution of the existing shares of New Common Stock and a decrease in the market price of
such existing shares. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that such Purchaser shall have no preemptive rights, right of first
refusal, or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any shares of New Common Stock the Company may issue in the future as a result
of such Purchaser s purchase of Securities pursuant to this Agreement. 

(n)             Such Purchaser
agrees that from the Closing Date until the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date, such Purchaser will not enter into any Short
Sales of New Common Stock. For purposes of this Agreement,  Short Sales  are defined as orders by a Purchaser to its
broker or agent to sell presently a specified number of shares of New Common Stock held by the broker or agent in return for the
Person s promise to replace the New Common Stock sold at a later date. The prohibition on Short Sales contained in this Agreement
extends to (i)  naked  shorts sales, which are short sales of New Common Stock which the seller does not presently
hold and are completed by covering through a market purchase of the shares due, and (ii) short sales  against the box, 
which are short sales of New Common Stock shares which the seller does presently hold, which are either covered by a market purchase
(as with the  naked short ) or by delivering the shares held against the shares due. Such Purchaser further acknowledges
and agrees that in the event of its breach of this  Section 2(n) , monetary damages shall not constitute a sufficient remedy
and that, in addition to other rights and remedies existing in its favor, the Company may apply to the Bankruptcy Court or to any
other court of competent jurisdiction for specific performance and/or injunctive or other relief in order to enforce or prevent
any violations of the provisions hereof, in each case without the requirement of posting a bond or proving actual damages. All
shares of New Common Stock shall bear a restrictive legend that prohibits for five (5) years from the Closing Date the use of the
issued shares by the holder thereof for purposes of covering a short sale by the holder or any other person designated by the holder
or who maintains the New Common Stock on behalf of the holder. 

3  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   

(a)            The Company
hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchasers as of immediately prior to Closing after giving effect
to the Plan and Confirmation Order: 

(b)             Organization,
Good Standing and Qualification . The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware and, except as disclosed in the Disclosure Statement and the SEC Filings, the Company has full corporate
power and authority to conduct its business as currently conducted. The Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation
and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which the character of the property owned or leased or the nature of the business
transacted by it makes qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a material adverse effect
on the business, properties, assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as
a whole (a    Material Adverse Effect   ). 

(c)             Capitalization .
Immediately prior to the Closing, (a) the authorized capital stock of the Company will consist of 25,000,000 shares of New Common
Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, (b) 12,000,000 shares of New Common Stock  1  
and 29,300 shares of preferred stock will be issued and outstanding, and (c) 1,100,000 shares of Common Stock will be reserved
for future issuance to employees, directors, officers and consultants pursuant to the Company s employee stock plans. Other
than as set forth above or as contemplated in this Agreement, there are no other options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments
or agreements of any character to which the Company is a party or by which either the Company is bound or obligating the Company
to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or redeem, or cause to be issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed, any shares of the
capital stock of the Company or obligating the Company to grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, commitment
or agreement. 

(d)             Issuance;
Reservation of Shares . The issuance of the Shares has been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate and stockholder
action, and the Shares, when issued and paid for pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
shares of New Common Stock of the Company. 

(e)             Authorization;
Enforceability . The Company has all corporate right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement, and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. All corporate action on the part of the Company, its directors and stockholders necessary
for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company, the authorization, sale, issuance
and delivery of the Securities contemplated herein and the performance of the Company s obligations hereunder and thereunder
has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms and subject to laws of general application
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors 
rights generally and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, and to limitations
of public policy. The issuance and sale of the Securities contemplated hereby will not give rise to any preemptive rights or rights
of first refusal on behalf of any person, except for those that which have been complied with or waived. 

(f)              No Conflict;
Governmental and Other Consents . 

(i)            The execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in the
violation of, (i) any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or (ii)
any law, statute, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or governmental authority to or by
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound, and will not conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, any of
the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, any lease, loan agreement,
mortgage, security agreement, trust indenture or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its properties or assets is subject, nor result in the creation or imposition
of any lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company except to the extent that any such violation, conflict or breach
would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

1  Assumes that 100% of existing Company common
stock is reissued as New Common Stock due to proper return of Release Documents according to the Plan. 

(ii)            No consent, approval,
authorization or other order of any governmental authority or other third-party is required to be obtained by the Company in connection
with the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement or with the authorization, issue and sale of the Securities, except
(i) such approval as may be required under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws in respect of the registration
of the Shares as contemplated by the Registration Statement, and (ii) such post-Closing filings as may be required to be made with
the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., and with any state or foreign blue sky or securities regulatory authority. 

(g)             Litigation .
Except for the Case, there are no pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened legal or governmental proceedings against
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which, if adversely determined, would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Except for the Case, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board or body
(including, without limitation, the SEC) pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company
or any of its subsidiaries wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding could adversely affect the validity or enforceability
of, or the authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure
Statement and the SEC Filings in connection with the Case, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to any order,
judgment or decree, which would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(h)             Investment
Company . The Company is not an  investment company  within the meaning of such term under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. 

(i)              Subsidiaries .
The Company s subsidiaries are set forth on  Schedule B  hereof (collectively referred to herein as the Company s
  subsidiaries  ). Each of the Company s subsidiaries has been duly formed, is validly existing and is in
good standing under the law of the jurisdiction of its formation, has the requisite power and authority to own its property and
to conduct its business and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct
of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be
so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(j)              Indebtedness .
The Disclosure Statement reflects, as of the date thereof, all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness (as defined below)
of the Company or any subsidiary, or for which the Company or any subsidiary has commitments. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has incurred any material Indebtedness or commitments for Indebtedness since the date of the Disclosure Statement.
For purposes of this Agreement,  Indebtedness  shall mean (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed (other
than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of Indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Company s balance
sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions
in the ordinary course of business, and (c) the present value of any lease payments due under leases required to be capitalized
in accordance with GAAP. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Statement and the SEC Filings, as of the Closing Date, (i) the Company
is not in default with respect to any Indebtedness, and (ii) the Company will not be insolvent after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated herein. For purposes of this  Section 3(j) ,  insolvent  shall mean an inability to pay debts when
due. 

(k)             Certain Fees .
Except as is set forth on  Schedule C , no brokers , finders  or financial advisory fees or commissions will be
payable by the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(l)              Material
Agreements . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Statement and the SEC Filings, as of the Closing Date, the Company is not
in default under any material agreement then in effect to which the Company is a party, the result of which would be reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(m)            Transactions
with Affiliates . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Statement and the SEC Filings, there are no loans, leases, agreements,
contracts, royalty agreements, management contracts or arrangements or other continuing transactions between (a) the Company, its
subsidiaries or any of their respective customers or suppliers on the one hand, and (b) on the other hand, any person who would
be covered by Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K or any company or other entity controlled by such person. 

(n)             Taxes .
The Company and its subsidiaries have prepared and filed all federal, state, local, foreign and other tax returns for income, gross
receipts, sales, use and other taxes and custom duties (   Taxes   ) required by law to be filed by them,
except for tax returns, the failure to file which, individually or in the aggregate, do not and would not have a Material Adverse
Effect. Such filed tax returns are complete and accurate, except for such omissions and inaccuracies, which individually or in
the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have paid or
made provisions for the payment of all Taxes shown to be due on such tax returns and all additional assessments, and adequate provisions
have been and are reflected in the financial statements of the Company and the subsidiaries for all current Taxes to which the
Company or any subsidiary is subject and which are not currently due and payable, except for such Taxes which, if unpaid, individually
or in the aggregate, do not and would not have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the federal income tax returns of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries for the past five years has been audited by the Internal Revenue Service. Neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries has received written notice of any assessments, adjustments or contingent liability (whether federal, state,
local or foreign) in respect of any Taxes pending or threatened against the Company or any subsidiary for any period which, if
unpaid, would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(o)             Insurance .
The Company and its subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and
in such amounts as the Company believes are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its subsidiaries are
engaged. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such
coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its and its subsidiaries 
businesses without an increase in cost significantly greater than general increases in cost experienced for similar companies in
similar industries with respect to similar coverage. 

(p)             Environmental
Matters . To the Company s knowledge, all real property owned, leased or otherwise operated by the Company and its subsidiaries
is free of contamination from any substance, waste or material currently identified to be toxic or hazardous pursuant to, within
the definition of a substance which is toxic or hazardous under, or which may result in liability under, any Environmental Law
(as defined below), including, without limitation, any asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, radioactive substance, methane, volatile
hydrocarbons, industrial solvents, oil or petroleum or chemical liquids or solids, liquid or gaseous products, or any other material
or substance (   Hazardous Substance   ) which has caused or would reasonably be expected to cause or constitute
a threat to human health or safety, or an environmental hazard in violation of Environmental Law or to result in any environmental
liabilities that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has caused or suffered to occur any release, spill, migration, leakage, discharge, disposal, uncontrolled loss, seepage, or filtration
of Hazardous Substances that would reasonably be expected to result in environmental liabilities that would be reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have generated, treated, stored and disposed of any Hazardous
Substances in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws, except for such non-compliances that would not be reasonably likely
to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have obtained, or has applied for, and is in compliance with
and in good standing under all permits required under Environmental Laws (except for such failures that would not be reasonably
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect) and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has knowledge of any proceedings
to substantially modify or to revoke any such permit. There are no investigations, proceedings or litigation pending or, to the
Company s knowledge, threatened against the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their respective facilities relating to Environmental
Laws or Hazardous Substances.  Environmental Laws  shall mean all federal, national, state, regional and local laws,
statutes, ordinances and regulations, in each case as amended or supplemented from time to time, and any judicial or administrative
interpretation thereof, including orders, consent decrees or judgments relating to the regulation and protection of human health,
safety, the environment and natural resources. 

(q)             Intellectual
Property Rights and Licenses . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Statement and the SEC Filings, (a) the Company and its
subsidiaries own or have the right to use any and all information, know-how, trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade
names, software, formulae, methods, processes and other intangible properties that are of a such nature and significance to the
business that the failure to own or have the right to use such items would have a Material Adverse Effect (   Intangible
Rights   ), (b) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice that it is in conflict with
or infringing upon the asserted intellectual property rights of others in connection with the Intangible Rights, and, to the Company s
knowledge, neither the use of the Intangible Rights nor the operation of the Company s and its subsidiaries  businesses
is infringing or has infringed upon any intellectual property rights of others in a manner that would be reasonably expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) all payments have been duly made that are necessary to maintain the Intangible Rights in force,
(d) no claims have been made, and to the Company s knowledge, no claims are threatened, that challenge the validity or scope
of any material Intangible Right of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (e) the Company and its subsidiaries have taken reasonable
steps to obtain and maintain in force all licenses and other permissions under Intangible Rights of third parties necessary to
conduct their businesses as heretofore conducted by them, and now being conducted by them, and as expected to be conducted, and
neither the Company nor its subsidiaries is or has been in material breach of any such license or other permission in a manner
that would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(r)              Labor, Employment
and Benefit Matters . 

(i)            There are no existing,
or to the Company s knowledge, threatened strikes or other labor disputes against the Company or any of its subsidiaries
that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no organizing activity involving employees of the Company
or its subsidiaries pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened by any labor union or group of employees. There are
no representation proceedings pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened with the National Labor Relations Board,
and no labor organization or group of employees of the Company or its subsidiaries has made a pending demand for recognition. 

(ii)            Neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries is, or during the five years preceding the date of this Agreement was, a party to any labor or collective
bargaining agreement and there are no labor or collective bargaining agreements which pertain to employees of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries. 

(iii)           Each employee
benefit plan is in compliance with all applicable law, except for such noncompliance that would not be reasonably likely to have
a Material Adverse Effect. 

(iv)           Neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries have any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, including, without limitation, liabilities for retiree
health, retiree life, severance or retirement benefits, which are not fully reflected, to the extent required by GAAP, on the Company s
financial statements or fully funded. The term  liabilities  used in the preceding sentence shall be calculated in
accordance with reasonable actuarial assumptions. 

(v)            Neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries has (i) terminated any  employee pension benefit plan  as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA
(as defined below) under circumstances that present a material risk of the Company or any of its subsidiaries incurring any liability
or obligation that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) incurred or expects to incur any outstanding
liability under Title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended and all rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder (   ERISA   ). 

(s)             Compliance
with Law . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Statement and the SEC Filings, the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable laws, including, to the extent applicable, U.S. anti-money laundering laws and U.S.
Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations, except for such noncompliance that would not reasonably
be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company or its subsidiaries has received any notice of, nor does the Company
have any knowledge of, any violation (or of any investigation, inspection, audit or other proceeding by any governmental entity
involving allegations of any violation) of any applicable law involving or related to the Company or any of its subsidiaries which
has not been dismissed or otherwise disposed of that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice or otherwise has any knowledge that the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is charged with, threatened with or under investigation with respect to, any violation of any applicable law that would reasonably
be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge,
any employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary has made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate
for, any federal, state or foreign office in violation of any law. The Company, its subsidiaries and, to the Company s knowledge,
their respective directors, officers, employees and agents have complied in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, and any related rules and regulations. The Company expects to be in compliance with the applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder within 180 days of the Closing, except
where such noncompliance would not reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(t)              Ownership
of Property . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Statement and the SEC Filings, the Company and its subsidiaries has (i)
good and marketable fee simple title to its owned real property, if any, free and clear of all liens, except for liens which do
not individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) a valid leasehold interest in all leased real property,
and each of such leases is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms (subject to laws of general application relating
to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors 
rights generally and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, and to limitations
of public policy) and is in full force and effect, and (iii) good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its other properties
and assets free and clear of all liens, except for liens which do not individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(u)             No Integrated
Offering . Assuming the accuracy of each Purchaser s representations and warranties set forth in   Section 2  
of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates or other person acting on the Company s behalf has, directly
or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would
cause the Offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act, when
integration would cause the Offering not to be exempt from the requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act. 

(v)             General Solicitation .
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any person acting on behalf of the Company, has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of  general solicitation  within the meaning of Rule 502 under the Securities Act. To the knowledge of
the Company, no person acting on its behalf has offered the Securities for sale other than to the Purchasers and certain other
 accredited investors  within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 

(w)             No Manipulation
of Stock . The Company has not taken and will not take, in violation of applicable law, any action designed to or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the New Common Stock to facilitate the
sale or resale of the Securities. 

(x)              No Registration .
Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by, and compliance with the covenants of, the Purchasers, no registration
of the Securities under the Securities Act is required in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to
the Purchasers as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(y)             Disclosure .
The Company understands and acknowledges that each of the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representations in purchasing the
Securities of the Company hereunder. All disclosure provided by the Company to the Purchasers in the Company s SEC Filings
and the Disclosure Statement regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby furnished by or on the
behalf of the Company are, taken as a whole, true and correct in all material respects and do not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. To the Company s knowledge, no material event or circumstance has
occurred or information exists with respect to the Company or its business, properties, operations or financial conditions, which,
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly
announced or disclosed. 

4    UNDERSTANDINGS    

Each of the Purchasers
understands, acknowledges and agrees with the Company as follows: 

(a)            The execution
of this Agreement by the Purchaser or solicitation of the investment contemplated hereby shall create no obligation on the part
of the Company to accept any subscription or complete the Offering. If the Company accepts a subscription for Securities made by
a Purchaser, it shall countersign this Agreement. If this Agreement is not countersigned by the later of (i) five (5) business
days following the Company s receipt thereof, and (ii) one (1) business day after entry of the Confirmation Order by the
Bankruptcy Court approving the Plan , the Purchaser shall have the option to withdraw its investment by delivering written notice
thereof to the Company. This Agreement, however, shall remain valid unless and until the Company has received such written notice
of withdrawal. Each Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that the subscription hereunder, once accepted by the Company, is
irrevocable by such Purchaser, and that, except as required by law, such Purchaser is not entitled to cancel, terminate or revoke
this Agreement or any agreements of such Purchaser hereunder, except that the obligations under this Agreement shall not survive
the death or disability of such Purchaser. 

(b)            No federal or
state agency or authority has made any finding or determination as to the accuracy or adequacy of the Offering Documents or as
to the fairness of the terms of the Offering nor any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense. In making an investment decision, Purchasers must rely on their own examination of the Company
and the terms of the Offering, including the merits and risks involved. 

(c)            The Offering
is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and the provisions
of Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder, which is in part dependent upon the truth, completeness and accuracy of the statements
made by the Purchaser herein and in the Purchaser Questionnaire. 

(d)            Notwithstanding
the registration obligations provided herein, there can be no assurance that the Purchaser will be able to sell or dispose of the
Securities. It is understood that in order not to jeopardize the Offering s exempt status under Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act and Regulation D, any transferee may, at a minimum, be required to fulfill the investor suitability requirements thereunder. 

(e)            The Purchaser
acknowledges that the Offering is confidential and non-public and agrees that all information about the Offering shall be kept
in confidence by the Purchaser until the public announcement of the Offering by the Company. The Purchaser acknowledges that the
foregoing restrictions on the Purchaser s use and disclosure of any such confidential, non-public information contained in
the above-described documents restricts the Purchaser from trading in the Company s securities to the extent such trading
is on the basis of material, non-public information of which the Purchaser is aware. Except for the terms of the transaction documents
and the fact that the Company is considering consummating the transactions contemplated therein (which information the Company
has agreed to disclose in accordance with   Section 4(c)   of this Agreement), the Company confirms that neither the
Company nor, to its knowledge, any other person acting on its behalf, has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel
with any information that constitutes material, non-public information as of the Closing Date. 

5    COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY    

(a)            The Company
shall make a public announcement of the approval of the Plan, the cancellation of the existing common stock and the execution of
this Agreement and the terms of the transaction documents by issuing a press release and filing with the SEC a Current Report on
Form 8-K not later than 8:30 a.m. New York City time on the business day following the date of this Agreement. As a result of the
forgoing issuance and filing, all material, non-public information previously provided to the Purchasers or their agents or counsel
shall have been publicly announced and disclosed. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, following the foregoing
issuance and filing the Company shall have no obligation to, and will not, disclose or provide any material, non-public information
to the Purchasers or their agents or counsel. 

(b)            The Company
shall make a public announcement of the Closing of the Offering by issuing a press release not later than 8:30 a.m. New York City
time on the business day following the Closing, and thereafter the Company shall file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K
within the time frame required by law. 

(c)            The Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts (i) to be in compliance with all of its SEC filing obligations (including having made all
filings under the Exchange Act that have not been timely filed as of the date hereof) not later than the 180th day following the
Closing and (ii) thereafter, to file in a timely manner all required reports under the Exchange Act. 

(d)            The Company
agrees to file one or more Forms D with respect to the Securities on a timely basis as required under Regulation D under the Securities
Act to claim the exemption provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the Purchasers and their counsel
promptly after such filing. 

(e)            The Company
will not sell, offer to sell, solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any  security  (as defined
in the Securities Act) that is or could be integrated with the sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
of the Securities under the Securities Act. 

(f)            The Company
intends that the net proceeds from the Offering will be used to finance in part the distributions to be made under the Plan, to
pay the fees and expenses associated therewith, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes of the Company. 

6  MISCELLANEOUS   

(a)             Notices .
Any notice or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Purchasers shall be in writing and sent (x)
by fax if the sender on the same day sends a confirming copy of such notice by an internationally recognized overnight delivery
service (charges prepaid) or (y) by an internationally recognized overnight delivery service (with charges prepaid): 

(i)            if to the Company,
at 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

 207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1 

 Gaithersburg, MD 20877 

 Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

 Facsimile: (240) 499-2690 

or such other address as it shall have
specified to the Purchaser in writing, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Dentons US LLP 

 1221 Avenue of the Americas 

 New York, NY 10020-1089 

 Attention: Jeffrey A. Baumel, Esq. 

 Facsimile: (973) 912-7199 

and 

Dentons US LLP 

 1301 K Street, N.W. 

 Suite 600, East Tower 

 Washington, D.C. 20006 

 Attention: Sam J. Alberts, Esq. 

 Facsimile: (202) 408-6399 

(ii)            if to the Purchaser,
at its address set forth on the signature page to this Agreement, or such other address as it shall have specified to the Company
in writing. 

(b)             Section Headings .
The article and section headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to a designated  Section  refer to a Section of this Agreement unless
otherwise specifically indicated. 

(c)             Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 

(d)             Consent to
Jurisdiction and Service of Process . The parties to this Agreement hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of Delaware and the courts of the United States of America located in the District of Delaware, and appellate courts
from any thereof in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 

(e)             Waiver of
Jury Trial . Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby unconditionally agrees to waive, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, its respective rights to a jury trial of any claim or cause of action (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise)
based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The scope of this waiver is intended
to be all-encompassing of any and all disputes that may be filed in any court and that relate to the subject matter of this Agreement,
including contract claims, tort claims and all other common law and statutory claims. Each party hereto: (i) acknowledges that
this waiver is a material inducement to enter into this Agreement, that each has already relied on this waiver in entering into
this Agreement, and that each will continue to rely on this waiver in their related future dealings, (ii) acknowledges that no
representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not in
the event of any action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (iii) warrants and represents that it has reviewed
this waiver with its legal counsel and that it knowingly and voluntarily waives its jury trial rights following consultation with
legal counsel. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING (OTHER THAN BY A MUTUAL
WRITTEN WAIVER SPECIFICALLY REFERRING TO THIS SECTION 6(E) AND EXECUTED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO), AND THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY
TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

(f)              Amendments .
This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing executed by the Company and Purchasers holding at least 66 2/3%
of the Shares collectively held by them. Any such amendment will apply to all Purchasers equally, without distinguishing between
them. 

(g)             Entire Agreement .
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby. 

(h)             Severability .
The invalidity or unenforceability of any specific provision of this Agreement shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any
of its other provisions. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed reformed, if practicable,
to the extent necessary to render it valid and enforceable and to the extent permitted by law and consistent with the intent of
the parties to this Agreement. 

(i)              Arms Length
Negotiations . The Company acknowledges and each Purchaser confirms that it has independently participated in the negotiation
of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. 

(j)              Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, including by means of facsimile, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument. 

(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS) 

The Purchaser hereby
subscribes for such number of Shares as shall equal (x) the Subscription Amount as set forth below divided by the Share Purchase
Price, rounded down to the nearest whole number, and agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

PURCHASER  

Dated  

Total Subscription Amount:  
      $   

Signature of Subscriber  

Name and Title of Officer (if applicable)  

Signature of Joint Subscriber (if any):  

Social Security Number:  

Taxpayer Identification (if applicable)  

Social Security Number of Joint Subscriber (if any):  

Name (please print as name will appear on stock certificate):  

Number and Street:  

City, State:  

Zip Code:  

ACCEPTED BY:   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.   

By:_____________________________________  

Name:  

Title:  

Dated:  

SCHEDULE A  

ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS  

SCHEDULE B  

SUBSIDIARIES  

Cytomedix Acquisition Corp LLC 

Aldagen, Inc. (Delaware) 

SCHEDULE C  

CERTAIN FEES AND COMMISSIONS  

EXHIBIT A  

LEGAL MATTERS  

EXHIBIT B  

FORM OF ESCROW AGREEMENT  

EXHIBIT C  

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT  

EXHIBIT D  

CONFIDENTIAL PURCHASER QUESTIONNAIRE  

This Questionnaire must be completed and
returned to: 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1 

 Gaithersburg, MD 20877 

 Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

 Facsimile: 240-499-2690 

1.              IF YOU ARE AN INDIVIDUAL PLEASE FILL
IN THE IDENTIFICATION QUESTIONS IN (A) IF YOU ARE AN ENTITY PLEASE FILL IN THE IDENTIFICATION QUESTIONS IN (B) 

A.          INDIVIDUAL
IDENTIFICATION QUESTIONS 

Name (Exact name as it should appear on stock certificate)  

Residence:  

Address  

Home Telephone Number  

Fax Number  

Date of Birth  

Social Security Number  

B.          IDENTIFICATION
QUESTIONS FOR ENTITIES 

Name (Exact name as it will appear on stock certificate)  

Address of Principal Place of Business  

State (or Country) of Formation or Incorporation  

Contact Person  

Telephone Number  

Type of Entity (corporation, partnership, trust, etc.)  

Was entity formed for the purpose of this investment? Yes or No  

2.             DESCRIPTION OF
INVESTOR 

The following information
is required to ascertain whether you would be deemed an  accredited investor  as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D under the Securities Act. 

Please check whether
you are any of the following: 

_____________a corporation or partnership
with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not organized for the purpose of this particular investment; 

_____________private business development
company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, a U.S. venture capital fund which invests primarily
through private placements in non-publicly traded securities and makes available (either directly or through co-investors) to
the portfolio companies significant guidance concerning management, operations or business objectives or a Small Business Investment
Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of
1958 or an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company as defined
in Section 2(a)(48) of that Act; 

_____________a trust not organized
to make this particular investment, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000 whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person
as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of the Securities Act of 1933 and who completed item 4 below of this questionnaire o a bank
as defined in Section 3(a)(2) or a savings and loan association or other institution defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities
Act of 1933 acting in either an individual or fiduciary capacity o an insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities
Act of 1933; 

_____________an employee benefit
plan within the meaning of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (i) whose investment decision is made
by a fiduciary which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment advisor, or (ii)
whose total assets exceed $5,000,000, or (iii) if a self-directed plan, whose investment decisions are made solely by a person
who is an accredited investor and who completed Part I of this questionnaire; 

_____________a charitable, religious,
educational or other organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, not formed for the purpose of this
investment, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000; 

_____________an entity not located
in the U.S. none of whose equity owners are U.S. citizens or U.S. residents; 

_____________a broker or dealer
registered under Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 

_____________a plan having
assets exceeding $5,000,000 established and maintained by a government agency for its employees; 

_____________an individual who
had individual income from all sources during each of the last two years in excess of $200,000 or the joint income of you and
your spouse (if married) from all sources during each of such years in excess of $300,000 and who reasonably excepts that either
your own income from all sources during the current year will exceed $200,000 or the joint income of you and your spouse (if married)
from all sources during the current year will exceed $300,000; 

_____________an individual whose
net worth as of the date you purchase the securities offered, together with the net worth of your spouse, be in excess of $1,000,000
; 

_____________an entity in which
all of the equity owners are accredited investors 

3.             BUSINESS, INVESTMENT
AND EDUCATIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Occupation 

Number of
Years 

Present Employer 

Position/Title
Educational Background 

Frequency
of prior investment (check one in each column): 

Frequently  
       
      Occasionally  
       
      Never   
 
      Stock   Bonds  

Venture Capital Investments  

4.             SIGNATURE 

The above information is true
and correct. The undersigned recognizes that the Company and its counsel are relying on the truth and accuracy of such information
in reliance on the exemption contained in Subsection 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Regulation D promulgated
thereunder. The undersigned agrees to notify the Company promptly of any changes in the foregoing information, which may occur
prior to the investment. 

Executed on ___________, 2016 

_____________________________ 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.46>
 9
 v446039_ex10-46.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.46

Exhibit 10.46  

BACKSTOP COMMITMENT AGREEMENT  

This Backstop Commitment
Agreement, dated on and as of April 22, 2016 (this    Agreement   ), is made by and among  NUO THERAPEUTICS,
INC ., a Delaware corporation and debtor and debtor-in-possession under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the
   Company   ), and _______________________, an individual (the    Backstop Purchaser   ). 

WHEREAS , the
Company is a debtor and debtor-in-possession in Case No. 16-10192 (MFW). (the    Case   ) pending in the
United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the    Bankruptcy Court   )  ( captioned
 In re: Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. ) under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C.  101, et seq.)
(the    Bankruptcy Code   ); 

WHEREAS , the
Company will be reorganized pursuant to its First Amended Plan of Reorganization (the    Plan   ), subject
to entry of a final order confirming the Plan by the Bankruptcy Court (the    Confirmation Order   ); 

WHEREAS , the
Plan provides that the Company is required to raise not less than $10,500,000 in funding through a private placement of shares
(the    Shares   ) of the Company s New Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the    New
Common Stock   ); and 

WHEREAS , subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the    Securities Act   ) and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, the Backstop Purchaser has
irrevocably agreed to purchase from the Company, $_____________ (the    Backstop Purchase Amount   ) in aggregate
principal value of the Shares (the    Backstop Shares   ) upon, and subject to, the terms and conditions
of this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration
the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Backstop Purchaser agree as follows: 

1    AGREEMENT TO PURCHASE BACKSTOP SHARES    

(a)          Subject
to the conditions set forth herein, and if the conditions set forth in  Section 1(e)  have been satisfied prior to the Termination
Date (the    Backstop Conditions   ), the Backstop Purchaser hereby irrevocably agrees to purchase a number
of Backstop Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the Backstop Purchase Amount by (ii) the Backstop Shares per share
price of $0.2344   1  . 

1   Per
Share Purchase Price will provide the Backstop Purchaser with economic and voting rights with respect to two (2) times the
number of shares of the Common Stock in relation to aggregate dollars invested in the Company in both the original and
backstop purchases. As an example, assuming that the Backstop Purchaser invests $500,000 up front and a total of $700,000
($200,000 additional or 40% pro-rata share of $3 million) including the Backstop Commitment, then the total number of shares
owned will be 1,400,000 (2 times 700,000) at an average price of $0.50. 

(b)          The
closing of the purchase and sale of the Backstop Shares (the    Closing   , and the date of the Closing,
the    Closing Date   ) shall occur on a date to be designated by the Company, upon no less than 10 days
notice to the Backstop Purchaser, after the Backstop Conditions have been satisfied and provided that such notice is sent prior
to the Termination Date (the    Closing Notice   ). The Closing Notice shall not be sent prior to June 30,
2017 or after the Termination Date. 

(c)          At
the Closing, the Company shall (i) issue to the Backstop Purchaser stock certificates representing the Backstop Shares being purchased
at such Closing under this Agreement, (ii) deliver to the Backstop Purchaser a certificate stating that the representations and
warranties made by the Company in  Section 3  of this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on the date
of such Closing relating to the Backstop Shares being sold pursuant to this Agreement as though made on and as of such Closing
Date (provided, however, that representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date shall continue to be true and correct
as of the Closing with respect to such date), and (iii) cause to be delivered to the Backstop Purchaser an opinion of Dentons US
LLP substantially in the form of  Exhibit A  hereto. At the Closing, the Backstop Purchaser shall pay, by wire transfer of
immediately available funds, an amount equal to the Backstop Purchase Amount. 

(d)          The
Backstop Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase of Backstop Shares pursuant to the Agreement is subject to all
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and (ii) this Agreement shall be binding upon the Backstop Purchaser upon
the execution and delivery to the Company of the Backstop Purchaser s signed counterpart signature page to this Agreement. 

(e)          The
obligation of the Backstop Purchaser to purchase the Backstop Shares shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the date upon which
the Company receives net proceeds (after deducting all costs, expenses and commissions) from the sale of New Common Stock in the
aggregate amount of the Backstop Purchase Amount, excluding for purposes of this calculation all of the Confirmation Shares (as
defined below) sold by the Company, (ii) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been redeemed by the Company
and (iv) the date that all shares of Series A Preferred Stock are no longer owned by entities affiliated with Deerfield Mgmt, L.P.,
Deerfield Management Company, L.P., Deerfield Special Situations Fund, L.P., and Deerfield Private Design Fund II, L.P., (the    Termination
Date   ). 

2    BACKSTOP COMMITMENT FEES    

(a)          As
consideration for the entry into this Agreement Backstop but only in the event of a Termination Date, the Company shall pay, or
cause to be paid, to the Backstop Purchaser a nonrefundable fee in an amount equal to their pro-rata share of $250,000 (the    Commitment
Fee   ). 

(b)          The
Commitment Fee shall be paid by the Company within 10 days after the Termination Date. 

3    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BACKSTOP PURCHASER    

The Backstop Purchaser
hereby represents and warrants only as to itself to the Company, and agrees with the Company as follows: 

(a)          The
Backstop Purchaser understands and acknowledges and is fully aware that (i) the Company is a debtor and debtor-in-possession under
Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in Case No. 16-10192 (MFW) pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of
Delaware, (ii) the Company is delinquent in its filings with the Backstop Shares and Exchange Commission (the    SEC   ),
including as a result of its failure to file any quarterly or annual periodic report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for any quarterly
or annual fiscal period ended after December 31, 2015 (including as a result of certain SEC no-action letter relief), (iii) the
Backstop Shares are currently quoted on the OTC Markets Group OTC Pink marketplace, and (iv) the Backstop Shares are not presently
quoted or listed for trading on any national securities exchange, and, notwithstanding the circumstances described in the preceding
clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) (and without limiting any of the other representations and warranties or agreements of Purchaser
herein), the Backstop Purchaser has made its own investment decision to subscribe for and purchase Securities issued in the Offering. 

(b)          The
Backstop Purchaser has carefully read this Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement attached hereto as  Exhibit B 
(collectively the    Offering Documents   ), and is familiar with and understands the terms of the Offering
Documents. The Backstop Purchaser has also carefully read and considered the Company s First Amended Disclosure Statement
for Debtor s First Amended Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code dated March 28, 2016 (the    Disclosure
Statement   ) and the Plan Supplement dated April 15, 2016. The Backstop Purchaser has relied only on the information
contained in the Offering Documents, the Disclosure Statement and the Company s SEC filings through the Closing Date (the
   SEC Filings   ), and has not relied on any representation made by any other person, other than as set
forth in  Sections 2(c) and (d)  below. The Backstop Purchaser fully understands all of the risks related to the purchase
of the Backstop Shares. The Backstop Purchaser has carefully considered and has discussed with the Backstop Purchaser s professional
legal, tax, accounting and financial advisors, to the extent the Backstop Purchaser has deemed necessary, the suitability of an
investment in the Backstop Shares for the Backstop Purchaser s particular tax and financial situation and has determined
that the Backstop Shares being subscribed for by the Backstop Purchaser are a suitable investment for the Backstop Purchaser. The
Backstop Purchaser recognizes that an investment in the Backstop Shares involves substantial risks, including the possible loss
of the entire amount of such investment. The Backstop Purchaser further recognizes that the Company has broad discretion concerning
the use and application of the proceeds from the Offering. 

(c)          The
Backstop Purchaser acknowledges that (i) the Backstop Purchaser has had the opportunity to request copies of any documents, records,
and books pertaining to this investment and (ii) any such documents, records and books that the Backstop Purchaser requested have
been made available for inspection by the Backstop Purchaser, the Backstop Purchaser s attorney, accountant or advisors. 

(d)          The
Backstop Purchaser and the Backstop Purchaser s advisors have had a reasonable opportunity to ask questions of and receive
answers from representatives of the Company or persons acting on behalf of the Company concerning the Offering and all such questions
have been answered to the full satisfaction of the Backstop Purchaser. The Backstop Purchaser understands that it is not relying
on any representation of any kind made by the Company regarding the Company, the Backstop Shares or any other matter other than
as set forth herein. 

(e)          The
Backstop Purchaser is not subscribing for the Backstop Shares as a result of or subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice
or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented
at any seminar, meeting or conference whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising. 

(f)          The
Backstop Purchaser has adequate means of providing for the Backstop Purchaser s current financial needs and contingencies,
is able to bear the substantial economic risks of an investment in the Backstop Shares for an indefinite period of time, has no
need for liquidity in such investment and can afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(g)          The
Backstop Purchaser has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters to enable the Backstop Purchaser
to utilize the information made available to the Backstop Purchaser in connection with the Backstop Shares, to evaluate the merits
and risks of an investment in the Backstop Shares and to make an informed investment decision with respect to an investment in
the Backstop Shares on the terms described in the Offering Documents. 

(h)          The
Backstop Purchaser will not sell or otherwise transfer the Backstop Shares without registration under the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws or an applicable exemption therefrom. The Backstop Purchaser acknowledges that neither the offer nor sale
of the Backstop Shares has been registered under the Securities Act or under the Backstop Shares laws of any state. The Backstop
Purchaser represents and warrants that the Backstop Purchaser is acquiring the Backstop Shares for the Backstop Purchaser s
own account and not with a current view toward resale or distribution within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Backstop Purchaser
has not offered or sold the Backstop Shares being acquired nor does the Backstop Purchaser have any present intention of selling,
distributing or otherwise disposing of such Securities either currently or after the passage of a fixed or determinable period
of time or upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any predetermined event or circumstances in violation of the Securities Act.
The Backstop Purchaser is aware that (i) the Backstop Shares are not currently eligible for sale in reliance upon Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act and (ii) the Company has no obligation to register the Backstop Shares subscribed for hereunder, except
as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company and the Backstop Purchaser, in the form
of  Exhibit B  attached hereto (the    Registration Rights Agreement   ). By making these representations
herein, the Backstop Purchaser is not making any representation or agreement to hold the Backstop Shares for any minimum or other
specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Backstop Shares at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration
statement or an available exemption to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

(i)          The
Backstop Purchaser acknowledges that the certificates representing the Shares shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend
substantially in the following form: 

The Backstop Shares represented
hereby have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws and neither the Backstop
Shares nor any interest therein may be offered, sold, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of except pursuant to an effective
registration under such act or an exemption from registration, which is available under such act. 

Certificates evidencing
the Shares shall not be required to contain such legend or any other legend (i) following any sale of such Shares pursuant to Rule
144, or (ii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144(b) or have been sold pursuant to the Registration Statement (as
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) and in compliance with the obligations set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement,
or (iii) such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and
pronouncements issued by the Staff of the Backstop Shares and Exchange Commission), in each such case (i) through (iii) to the
extent reasonably determined by the Company s legal counsel. Subject to the foregoing, at such time and to the extent a legend
is no longer required for the Shares, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to no later than five (5) trading days following
the delivery by a Backstop Purchaser to the Company or to the Company and the Company s transfer agent of a legended certificate
representing such Shares (together with such accompanying documentation or representations as reasonably required by counsel to
the Company), deliver or cause to be delivered a certificate representing such Shares that is free from the foregoing legend. 

(j)          If
this Agreement is executed and delivered on behalf of a partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, estate or other
entity: (i) such partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, estate or other entity has the full legal right and
power and all authority and approval required (a) to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other instruments executed and
delivered by or on behalf of such partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, estate or other entity in connection
with the purchase of its Securities, and (b) to purchase and hold such Securities, (ii) the signature of the party signing on behalf
of such partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust, estate or other entity is binding upon such partnership, corporation,
limited liability company, trust, estate or other entity, and (iii) such partnership, corporation, limited liability company, trust
or other entity has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring such Securities, unless each beneficial owner of such
entity is qualified as an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act and has submitted information to the Company substantiating such individual qualification. 

(k)          If
the Backstop Purchaser is a retirement plan or is investing on behalf of a retirement plan, the Backstop Purchaser acknowledges
that an investment in the Backstop Shares poses additional risks, including the inability to use losses generated by an investment
in the Backstop Shares to offset taxable income. 

(l)          The
information contained in the Backstop Purchaser questionnaire in the form of  Exhibit C  attached hereto (the    Purchaser
Questionnaire   ) delivered by the Backstop Purchaser in connection with this Agreement is complete and accurate in
all respects, and the Backstop Purchaser is an  accredited investor  as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the
Securities Act on the basis indicated therein. 

(m)          The
Backstop Purchaser acknowledges that the Company will have the authority to issue shares of New Common Stock, in excess of those
being issued in connection with the Backstop Shares, and that the Company may issue additional shares of New Common Stock from
time to time. The issuance of additional shares of New Common Stock may cause dilution of the existing shares of New Common Stock
and a decrease in the market price of such existing shares. The Backstop Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Backstop Purchaser
shall have no preemptive rights, right of first refusal, or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any shares of New Common
Stock the Company may issue in the future as a result of the Backstop Purchaser s purchase of Securities pursuant to this
Agreement. 

(n)          The
Backstop Purchaser agrees that from date hereof until the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date, the Backstop Purchaser will not
enter into any Short Sales of New Common Stock. For purposes of this Agreement,  Short Sales  are defined as orders
by a Backstop Purchaser to its broker or agent to sell presently a specified number of shares of New Common Stock held by the broker
or agent in return for the Person s promise to replace the New Common Stock sold at a later date. The prohibition on Short
Sales contained in this Agreement extends to (i)  naked  shorts sales, which are short sales of New Common Stock which
the seller does not presently hold and are completed by covering through a market purchase of the shares due, and (ii) short sales
 against the box,  which are short sales of New Common Stock shares which the seller does presently hold, which are
either covered by a market purchase (as with the  naked short ) or by delivering the shares held against the shares
due. The Backstop Purchaser further acknowledges and agrees that in the event of its breach of this  Section 3(n) , monetary
damages shall not constitute a sufficient remedy and that, in addition to other rights and remedies existing in its favor, the
Company may apply to the Bankruptcy Court or to any other court of competent jurisdiction for specific performance and/or injunctive
or other relief in order to enforce or prevent any violations of the provisions hereof, in each case without the requirement of
posting a bond or proving actual damages. All Backstop Shares shall bear a restrictive legend that prohibits for five (5) years
from the Closing Date the use of the issued shares by the holder thereof for purposes of covering a short sale by the holder or
any other person designated by the holder or who maintains the New Common Stock on behalf of the holder. 

4  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY   

(a)          The
Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Backstop Purchaser: 

(b)           Organization,
Good Standing and Qualification . The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware and, except as disclosed in the Disclosure Statement and the SEC Filings, the Company has full corporate
power and authority to conduct its business as currently conducted. The Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation
and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which the character of the property owned or leased or the nature of the business
transacted by it makes qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a material adverse effect
on the business, properties, assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as
a whole (a    Material Adverse Effect   ). 

(c)           Capitalization .
The authorized capital stock of the Company after the Confirmation Order will consist of 25,000,000 shares of New Common Stock
and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. 1,100,000 shares of Common Stock will be reserved for future
issuance to employees, directors, officers and consultants pursuant to the Company s employee stock plans. Other than as
set forth above or as contemplated in this Agreement, there are no other options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments or agreements
of any character to which the Company is a party or by which either the Company is bound or obligating the Company to issue, deliver,
sell, repurchase or redeem, or cause to be issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed, any shares of the capital stock of
the Company or obligating the Company to grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, commitment or agreement. 

(d)           Issuance;
Reservation of Shares . The issuance of the Backstop Shares has been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate
and stockholder action, and the Backstop Shares, when issued and paid for pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of New Common Stock of the Company. 

(e)           Authorization;
Enforceability . The Company has all corporate right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement, and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. All corporate action on the part of the Company, its directors and stockholders necessary
for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company, the authorization, sale, issuance
and delivery of the Backstop Shares contemplated herein and the performance of the Company s obligations hereunder and thereunder
has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms and subject to laws of general application
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors 
rights generally and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, and to limitations
of public policy. The issuance and sale of the Backstop Shares contemplated hereby will not give rise to any preemptive rights
or rights of first refusal on behalf of any person, except for those that which have been complied with or waived. 

(f)           No
Conflict; Governmental and Other Consents . 

(i)          The
execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not result
in the violation of, (i) any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
or (ii) any law, statute, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any court or governmental authority
to or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound, and will not conflict with, or result in a breach or violation
of, any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, any lease, loan
agreement, mortgage, security agreement, trust indenture or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its properties or assets is subject, nor result in the creation or imposition
of any lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company except to the extent that any such violation, conflict or breach
would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(ii)         No
consent, approval, authorization or other order of any governmental authority or other third-party is required to be obtained by
the Company in connection with the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement or with the authorization, issue and
sale of the Backstop Shares, except (i) such approval as may be required under the Securities Act and applicable state securities
laws in respect of the registration of the Backstop Shares as contemplated by the Registration Statement, and (ii) such post-Closing
filings as may be required to be made with the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., and with any state or foreign
blue sky or securities regulatory authority. 

(g)           Investment
Company . The Company is not an  investment company  within the meaning of such term under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder. 

(h)           Compliance
with Law . Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Statement and the SEC Filings, the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance
in all material respects with all applicable laws, including, to the extent applicable, U.S. anti-money laundering laws and U.S.
Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations, except for such noncompliance that would not reasonably
be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company or its subsidiaries has received any notice of, nor does the Company
have any knowledge of, any violation (or of any investigation, inspection, audit or other proceeding by any governmental entity
involving allegations of any violation) of any applicable law involving or related to the Company or any of its subsidiaries which
has not been dismissed or otherwise disposed of that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice or otherwise has any knowledge that the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is charged with, threatened with or under investigation with respect to, any violation of any applicable law that would reasonably
be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge,
any employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary has made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate
for, any federal, state or foreign office in violation of any law. The Company, its subsidiaries and, to the Company s knowledge,
their respective directors, officers, employees and agents have complied in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, and any related rules and regulations. The Company expects to be in compliance with the applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder within 180 days of the Closing, except
where such noncompliance would not reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(i)           No
Integrated Offering . Assuming the accuracy of the Backstop Purchaser s representations and warranties set forth in   Section
3   of this Agreement, neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates or other person acting on the Company s behalf
has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances
that would cause the sale of the Backstop Shares to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities
Act, when integration would cause the sale of the Backstop Shares not to be exempt from the requirements of Section 5 of the Securities
Act. 

(j)           No
Registration . Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by, and compliance with the covenants of, the
Backstop Purchaser, no registration of the Backstop Shares under the Securities Act is required in connection with the offer and
sale of the Backstop Shares by the Company to the Backstop Purchaser as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(k)           Disclosure .
The Company understands and acknowledges that the Backstop Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representations in purchasing the
Backstop Shares of the Company hereunder. All disclosure provided by the Company to the Backstop Purchaser in the Company s
SEC Filings and the Disclosure Statement regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby furnished
by or on the behalf of the Company are, taken as a whole, true and correct in all material respects and do not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. To the Company s knowledge, no material event or circumstance
has occurred or information exists with respect to the Company or its business, properties, operations or financial conditions,
which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been
so publicly announced or disclosed. 

5    UNDERSTANDINGS    

The Backstop Purchaser
understands, acknowledges and agrees with the Company as follows: 

(a)          The
execution of this Agreement by the Backstop Purchaser or solicitation of the investment contemplated hereby shall create no obligation
on the part of the Company to accept any subscription or complete the sale of the Backstop Shares. If the Company accepts a subscription
for Securities made by a Backstop Purchaser, it shall countersign this Agreement. If this Agreement is not countersigned by the
later of (i) five (5) business days following the Company s receipt thereof, and (ii) one (1) business day after entry of
the Confirmation Order by the Bankruptcy Court approving the Plan , the Backstop Purchaser shall have the option to withdraw its
investment by delivering written notice thereof to the Company. This Agreement, however, shall remain valid unless and until the
Company has received such written notice of withdrawal. The Backstop Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that the subscription
hereunder, once accepted by the Company, is irrevocable by the Backstop Purchaser, and that, except as required by law, the Backstop
Purchaser is not entitled to cancel, terminate or revoke this Agreement or any agreements of the Backstop Purchaser hereunder,
except that the obligations under this Agreement shall not survive the death or disability of the Backstop Purchaser. 

(b)          No
federal or state agency or authority has made any finding or determination as to the accuracy or adequacy of the Offering Documents
or as to the fairness of the terms of the sale of the Backstop Shares nor any recommendation or endorsement of the Backstop Shares.
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. In making an investment decision, the Backstop Purchaser must rely on
its own examination of the Company and the terms of the sale of the Backstop Shares, including the merits and risks involved. 

(c)          The
sale of the Backstop Shares is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act and the provisions of Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder, which is in part dependent upon the truth, completeness
and accuracy of the statements made by the Backstop Purchaser herein and in the Backstop Purchaser Questionnaire. 

(d)          Notwithstanding
the registration obligations provided herein, there can be no assurance that the Backstop Purchaser will be able to sell or dispose
of the Backstop Shares. It is understood that in order not to jeopardize the sale of the Backstop Shares exempt status under Section
4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D, any transferee may, at a minimum, be required to fulfill the investor suitability
requirements thereunder. 

6    COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY    

(a)          Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, following the foregoing issuance and filing the Company shall have no obligation to,
and will not, disclose or provide any material, non-public information to the Backstop Purchaser or its agents or counsel. 

(b)          The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts (i) to be in compliance with all of its SEC filing obligations (including having
made all filings under the Exchange Act that have not been timely filed as of the date hereof) not later than the 180th day following
the Closing and (ii) thereafter, to file in a timely manner all required reports under the Exchange Act. 

(c)          The
Company agrees to file one or more Forms D with respect to the Backstop Shares on a timely basis as required under Regulation D
under the Securities Act to claim the exemption provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the Backstop
Purchaser and its counsel promptly after such filing. 

(d)          The
Company will not sell, offer to sell, solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any  security  (as
defined in the Securities Act) that is or could be integrated with the sale of the Backstop Shares in a manner that would require
the registration of the Backstop Shares under the Securities Act. 

7  MISCELLANEOUS   

(a)           Notices .
Any notice or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Backstop Purchaser shall be in writing and sent
(x) by fax if the sender on the same day sends a confirming copy of such notice by an internationally recognized overnight delivery
service (charges prepaid) or (y) by an internationally recognized overnight delivery service (with charges prepaid): 

(i)          if
to the Company, at 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

 207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1 

 Gaithersburg, MD 20877 

 Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

 Facsimile: (240) 499-2690 

or such other address as it shall have
specified to the Backstop Purchaser in writing, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Dentons US LLP 

 1221 Avenue of the Americas 

 New York, NY 10020-1089 

 Attention: Jeffrey A. Baumel, Esq. 

 Facsimile: (973) 912-7199 

and 

Dentons US LLP 

 1301 K Street, N.W. 

 Suite 600, East Tower 

 Washington, D.C. 20006 

 Attention: Sam J. Alberts, Esq. 

 Facsimile: (202) 408-6399 

(ii)         if
to the Backstop Purchaser, at its address set forth on the signature page to this Agreement, or such other address as it shall
have specified to the Company in writing. 

(b)           Section
Headings . The article and section headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to a designated  Section  refer to a Section of this
Agreement unless otherwise specifically indicated. 

(c)           Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 

(d)           Consent
to Jurisdiction and Service of Process . The parties to this Agreement hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of Delaware and the courts of the United States of America located in the District of Delaware, and appellate courts
from any thereof in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 

(e)           Waiver
of Jury Trial . Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby unconditionally agrees to waive, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, its respective rights to a jury trial of any claim or cause of action (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise)
based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The scope of this waiver is intended
to be all-encompassing of any and all disputes that may be filed in any court and that relate to the subject matter of this Agreement,
including contract claims, tort claims and all other common law and statutory claims. Each party hereto: (i) acknowledges that
this waiver is a material inducement to enter into this Agreement, that each has already relied on this waiver in entering into
this Agreement, and that each will continue to rely on this waiver in its related future dealings, (ii) acknowledges that no representative,
agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not in the event of any
action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (iii) warrants and represents that it has reviewed this waiver with
its legal counsel and that it knowingly and voluntarily waives its jury trial rights following consultation with legal counsel.
THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING (OTHER THAN BY A MUTUAL WRITTEN WAIVER
SPECIFICALLY REFERRING TO THIS SECTION 6(E) AND EXECUTED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO), AND THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT
AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

(f)           Amendments .
This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing executed by the Company and the Backstop Purchaser. 

(g)           Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. 

(h)           Severability .
The invalidity or unenforceability of any specific provision of this Agreement shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any
of its other provisions. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed reformed, if practicable,
to the extent necessary to render it valid and enforceable and to the extent permitted by law and consistent with the intent of
the parties to this Agreement. 

(i)           Arms
Length Negotiations . The Company acknowledges and the Backstop Purchaser confirms that it has independently participated in
the negotiation of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. 

(j)           Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, including by means of facsimile, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument. 

(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by its respective duly authorized officers as of the date first above
written. 

COMPANY   

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC.   

By: 

Name:  

Title:  

BACKSTOP PURCHASER   

By: 

Name:  

Title:  

SCHEDULE A  

SUBSIDIARIES  

Cytomedix Acquisition Corp LLC 

Aldagen, Inc. (Delaware) 

EXHIBIT A  

LEGAL MATTERS  

EXHIBIT B  

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT  

EXHIBIT C  

CONFIDENTIAL PURCHASER QUESTIONNAIRE  

This Questionnaire must be completed and
returned to: 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 207A Perry Parkway, Suite 1 

 Gaithersburg, MD 20877 

 Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

 Facsimile: (240) 499-2690 

1.          IF
YOU ARE AN INDIVIDUAL PLEASE FILL IN THE IDENTIFICATION QUESTIONS IN (A) IF YOU ARE AN ENTITY PLEASE FILL IN THE IDENTIFICATION
QUESTIONS IN (B) 

A.          INDIVIDUAL
IDENTIFICATION QUESTIONS 

Name (Exact name as it should appear on stock certificate)  

Residence:  

Address  

Home Telephone Number  

Fax Number  

Date of Birth  

Social Security Number  

B.          IDENTIFICATION
QUESTIONS FOR ENTITIES 

Name (Exact name as it will appear on stock certificate)  

Address of Principal Place of Business  

State (or Country) of Formation or Incorporation  

Contact Person  

Telephone Number  

Type of Entity (corporation, partnership, trust, etc.)  

Was entity formed for the purpose of this investment? Yes or No  

2.            DESCRIPTION
OF INVESTOR 

The following information
is required to ascertain whether you would be deemed an  accredited investor  as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D under the Securities Act. 

Please check whether
you are any of the following: 

_____________a corporation or partnership
with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not organized for the purpose of this particular investment; 

_____________private business development
company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, a U.S. venture capital fund which invests primarily
through private placements in non-publicly traded securities and makes available (either directly or through co-investors) to the
portfolio companies significant guidance concerning management, operations or business objectives o a Small Business Investment
Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of
1958 o an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company as defined in
Section 2(a)(48) of that Act; 

_____________a trust not organized
to make this particular investment, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000 whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person
as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of the Securities Act of 1933 and who completed item 4 below of this questionnaire or a bank
as defined in Section 3(a)(2) or a savings and loan association or other institution defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities
Act of 1933 acting in either an individual or fiduciary capacity or an insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities
Act of 1933; 

_____________an employee benefit
plan within the meaning of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (i) whose investment decision is made
by a fiduciary which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment advisor, or (ii)
whose total assets exceed $5,000,000, or (iii) if a self-directed plan, whose investment decisions are made solely by a person
who is an accredited investor and who completed Part I of this questionnaire; 

_____________a charitable, religious,
educational or other organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, not formed for the purpose of this
investment, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000; 

_____________an entity not located
in the U.S. none of whose equity owners are U.S. citizens or U.S. residents; 

_____________a broker or dealer
registered under Section 15 of the Backstop Shares Exchange Act of 1934; 

_____________a plan having assets
exceeding $5,000,000 established and maintained by a government agency for its employees; 

_____________an individual who had
individual income from all sources during each of the last two years in excess of $200,000 or the joint income of you and your
spouse (if married) from all sources during each of such years in excess of $300,000 and who reasonably excepts that either your
own income from all sources during the current year will exceed $200,000 or the joint income of you and your spouse (if married)
from all sources during the current year will exceed $300,000; 

_____________an individual whose
net worth as of the date you purchase the Backstop Shares offered, together with the net worth of your spouse, be in excess of
$1,000,000 ; 

_____________an entity in which
all of the equity owners are accredited investors 

3.           BUSINESS,
INVESTMENT AND EDUCATIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Occupation 

Number of
Years 

Present Employer 

Position/Title
Educational Background 

Frequency
of prior investment (check one in each column): 

Frequently  
       
      Occasionally  
       
      Never   
 
      Stock
      Bonds  

Venture
    Capital Investments  

4.           SIGNATURE 

The above information is true
and correct. The undersigned recognizes that the Company and its counsel are relying on the truth and accuracy of such information
in reliance on the exemption contained in Subsection 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Regulation D promulgated
thereunder. The undersigned agrees to notify the Company promptly of any changes in the foregoing information, which may occur
prior to the investment. 

Executed on ___________, 2016 

____________________________________ 

</EX-10.46>

<EX-10.47>
 10
 v446039_ex10-47.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.47

Exhibit 10.47  

October 20, 2016 

Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. 

 207A Perry Parkway 

 Suite 1 Gaithersburg, MD 20877 
Attention: David Jorden 

Deerfield SS, LLC 

 780 Third Avenue 

 New York, NY 10017 

 Attention: Lawrence Atinksy 

Re.  Nuo/Arthrex/Deerfield Letter Agreement 

Mr. Jorden and Mr. Atinsky: 

This letter agreement
(  Agreement  ) sets forth the agreement between Arthrex, Inc. (  Arthrex  ), Deerfield SS, LLC
( Deerfield ) and Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. ( Nuo ), collectively the ( parties ), with respect
to the sale of certain Nuo assets to Arthrex and the resolution of outstanding issues between the parties. The parties have agreed
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Accordingly, Arthrex, Nuo and Deerfield hereby agree as follows: 

1.                 Nuo/Deerfield Transition Services Agreement  . Pursuant to a plan approved by the United States Bankruptcy Court
for the District of Delaware, on May 5, 2016, Nuo assigned to Deerfield (i) all of Nuo s rights, title and interest in and
to its existing amended and restated license agreement with Arthrex, Inc. dated October 15, 2015 (the  License Agreement ),
(ii) all associated intellectual property owned by Nuo related to the License Agreement and (iii) all royalty and payment rights
thereunder (collectively,  Deerfield Assumed Rights and Assets ). Nuo and Deerfield also are parties to a Transition
Services Agreement, executed May 5, 2016, which is set to expire on October 15, 2016 related to services being performed under
the License Agreement (the  Transition Services Agreement ). Both Nuo and Deerfield agree that the term of that Transition
Services Agreement is hereby amended and extended to January 15, 2017. Nuo and Deerfield hereby agree that subject to Arthrex s
payment of the amounts specified in Section 2 herein, Deerfield shall make three equal payments of $33,333.33 to Nuo, as consideration
for the extension of the term of the Transition Services Agreement. The three payments shall be made on October 28, 2016, November
15, 2016 and December 15, 2016, respectively. 

2.                 Nuo/Arthrex Production Equipment   Angel Devices Purchase  . Nuo and Arthrex hereby agree that subject to
Arthrex s payment of $201,200 to Nuo on October 28, 2016, Nuo hereby sells, conveys, transfers and assigns to Arthrex, free
and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances, debts, obligations and liabilities whatsoever, Nuo s title and interest in
and to the following (the   Transferred Assets  ): 

(a)                Angel Devices : All Nuo owned inventory of Products (as defined in the License Agreement (and spare parts therefor)
as set forth on Exhibit A; and 

Arthrex/Deerfield/Nuo- Letter Agreement 

 Page 2 

(b)                Production Equipment : All Nuo owned Production Equipment set forth on Exhibit B. 

For purposes of clarification,
and notwithstanding the foregoing, the Transferred Assets do not include (i) any Intellectual Property Rights (as such term is
defined in the License Agreement) or (ii) any right, title or interest in or to the Deerfield Assumed Rights and Assets. Transferred
Assets do include (i) All existing Products, whether known or unknown at time of the Agreement (ii) All Nuo owned Production Equipment,
whether known and unknown at the time of the Agreement. Nuo s obligations related to the Transferred Assets unknown at the
time of this Agreement are set forth in Section 3. The parties further acknowledge and agree that the Transition Services Agreement
remains in effect through January 15, 2017 and thereafter Nuo shall have no further obligations related to performing services
under the Transition Services Agreement or the License Agreement. 

3.                 Nuo Obligations Related to Transferred Assets  . Nuo shall use commercially reasonable and good faith efforts
to facilitate the shipping of any Transferred Assets from locations where they are physically located. Nuo shall have the affirmative
obligation to notify Arthrex in writing of the discovery of any Transferred Assets that have not been listed on Exhibits A or B
hereto. From time to time after the date hereof, Nuo will execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such other
instruments of conveyance, assignment, transfer and delivery and will take such other actions as Arthrex may reasonably request
in order to more effectively consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, transfer, convey, assign, and deliver to Arthrex
any of the Transferred Assets or enable Arthrex to exercise and enjoy all rights, benefits and obligations of Nuo with respect
thereto. 

4.                 Nuo/Arthrex- Transferred Asset Obligations  . Pursuant to Section 2(c) of the License Agreement, Nuo has certain
responsibilities to transfer certain assets and rights to Arthrex. This Agreement does not alter, amend or nullify Nuo s
duties under the License Agreement unless otherwise specified herein. 

5.                 Nuo Release of Claims .  Nuo, for itself and its respective representatives, successors and assigns, hereby
forever fully and irrevocably releases and discharges Arthrex and its Affiliates and each of their respective predecessors, successors,
direct or indirect subsidiaries, members, managers, directors, officers, employees, agents and other representatives from any and
all actions, claims, demands, obligations, promises, agreements or liabilities of any kind whatsoever in law or equity and causes
of action of every kind and nature, or otherwise (including claims for damages, costs, expense, and attorneys , brokers 
and accountants fees and expenses) for payments of Royalty (as defined in the License Agreement) owed to Nuo based on sales of
the Product (as defined in the License Agreement) occurring on or before June 30, 2016. 

6.                 Arthrex Release of Claims  . Arthrex, for itself and its respective representatives, successors and assigns,
hereby forever fully and irrevocably releases and discharges Nuo, Deerfield and their Affiliates and each of their respective predecessors,
successors, direct or indirect subsidiaries, members, managers, directors, officers, employees, agents and other representatives
from any and all actions, claims, demands, obligations, promises, agreements or liabilities of any kind whatsoever in law or equity
and causes of action of every kind and nature, or otherwise (including claims for damages, costs, expense, and attorneys ,
brokers  and accountants fees and expenses) arising under the License Agreement as of the date hereof. 

Arthrex/Deerfield/Nuo- Letter Agreement 

 Page 3 

7.                 No Assumption of Liabilities  . It is expressly agreed and understood that neither Arthrex nor Deerfield is
assuming any liability or obligation of Nuo of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether accrued or unaccrued, contingent or noncontingent,
material or nonmaterial, or known or unknown as of the date of the Agreement. 

8.                 Confidentiality  . The terms of this Agreement are confidential, and the terms shall not be disclosed by Nuo
without prior written approval by Arthrex and Deerfield. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each party (such
party, the  Disclosing Party ) may disclose the terms of this Agreement: (i) to the extent required to comply with
applicable legal requirements including as part of regular securities law reporting requirements and/or in accordance with securities
regulatory authority or securities exchange rules, demands and/or practice; or (ii) to third party consultants, contractors, or
other service providers who are under a duty of confidentiality;  provided , that the Disclosing Party shall be responsible
for any disclosure or use of the terms of this Agreement by such third party consultant, contractor or other service provider in
violation of the terms set forth herein (as if such person was bound by such terms). 

9.                 Assignability and Binding Effect  . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and shall inure to the benefit of the parties successors and assigns. 

10.               Miscellaneous  . No amendment, modification or discharge of this Agreement, and no waiver hereunder, shall be
valid or binding unless set forth in writing and signed by each party. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right,
power or privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise thereof preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement. If any provision or
portion of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, in
whole or in part, then the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force and
effect to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which
will be deemed an original copy of this Agreement, and all of which, taken together, shall be deemed to constitute one and the
same agreement. The parties shall execute such further agreements, conveyances and other documents as may be reasonably requested
by either Party to effectuate the intent and any provisions of this Agreement. 

11.               Governing Law; Jurisdiction  . This Agreement and any dispute arising hereunder or in connection with the matters
contemplated hereby, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be governed in all respects by the internal laws of the State
of Delaware.  

*       *       * 

Arthrex/Deerfield/Nuo- Letter Agreement 

 Page 4 

Please confirm your agreement
with the foregoing by signing and returning to the undersigned. 

Very truly yours,  

ARTHREX, INC.  

By. 
      /s/ Christopher K. Lin   

Name. 
     Christopher K. Lin  

Title. 
     Deputy General Counsel   Director of Corporate Development  

DEERFIELD SS, LLC  

By:    Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., its Manager  

By:    J.E. Flynn Capital, LLC, its General Partner  

By. 
      /s/ David J. Clark   

Name. 
     David J. Clark  

Title. 
     Authorized Signatory  

Accepted and Agreed this 20th day 
of October, 2016. 

NUO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By.       /s/ David Jorden  

 Name. David Jorden 

 Title.   Chief Executive Officer  

Arthrex/Deerfield/Nuo- Letter Agreement 

 Page 5 

EXHIBIT A 

Arthrex/Deerfield/Nuo- Letter Agreement 

 Page 6 

EXHIBIT B 

</EX-10.47>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 v446039_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1  

The following is a list of the subsidiaries
of the Company: 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY  

NAME   
       
       WHERE INCORPORATED    
 
      Aldagen, Inc.  
       
      Delaware   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31>
 12
 v446039_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 31  

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule  

  13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as Adopted Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, David E. Jorden, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 21, 2016 
  
 /s/ David E. Jorden  
David E. Jorden 
Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement has been provided
to Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and will be retained by Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request.  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 13
 v446039_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  

  Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 and in
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. (the  Company ) for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2015 (the  Report ), I, David E. Jorden, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby
certify that to my knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Date: October 21, 2016  

/s/
        David E. Jorden  
         David E. Jorden 
         Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
has been provided to Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and will be retained by Nuo Therapeutics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 16
 nuot-20151231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 nuot-20151231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 nuot-20151231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 nuot-20151231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 nuot-20151231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 nuot-20151231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

