<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161116_10-Q_edgar_data_1580149_0001520138-16-001258_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1499884</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>46067</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>108767</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>311175</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>550304</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>446796</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-16-001258.hdr.sgml : 20161116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161116131735
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-16-001258
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIOVIE INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580149
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				462510769
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55292
		FILM NUMBER:		162001969

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CUMMINGS CENTER,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 247-C
		CITY:			BEVERLY
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01915
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-283-5793

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CUMMINGS CENTER,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 247-C
		CITY:			BEVERLY
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01915

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NANOANTIBIOTICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130625

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-16-001258.txt : 20161116

10-Q
 1
 bivi-20160930_10q.htm

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C.  20549  

  Form 10-Q  

 (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended:
September 30, 2016 

For
the transition period from ____________to _____________      

 Commission File Number:   333-190635   

BIOVIE INC. (F/K/A NANOANTIBIOTICS, INC)   

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter )   

Nevada   
       
       46-2510769    
 
        (State
or other jurisdiction of     incorporation or
organization)    
       
       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)    

100 Cummings Center, Suite 247-C    
 
       Beverly, MA 01915    
 
       (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code)    

(312)-283-5793    
 
       (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)    

NANOANTIBIOTICS,
    INC.    
 
       (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year if Changed Since Last Report)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. 

Yes
                                          
No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes
                                          
No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Ruble
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
          
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer 
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
          
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes
                                              
No    

The
number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common equity, as of September 30, 2016 was 87,210,000 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS   

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933. Any statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact may be forward-looking
statements. When we use the words  intends,   estimates,   predicts,   potential, 
 continues,   anticipates,   plans,   expects,   believes,   should, 
 could,   may,   will  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, we
are identifying forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements.
These factors include our; research and development activities, distributor channel; compliance with regulatory impositions; and
our capital needs. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot
guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.  

Except
as may be required by applicable law, we do not undertake or intend to update or revise our forward-looking statements, and
we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this report as a result of new information or
future events or developments. Thus, you should not assume that our silence over time  means that actual events are
bearing out as expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. You should carefully review and consider the various
disclosures we make in this report and our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that attempt to
advise interested parties of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our business. 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The Company
assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. When used in
this report, the terms  BioVie ,  Company ,  we ,  our , and  us 
refer to BioVie, Inc.  

- 1 - 

        Table of Contents  

Part 1.  Financial Information  

  Item 1.  Financial Statements  

BIOVIE
    INC. (F/K/A NANOANTIBIOTICS, INC.)    
 
         BALANCE
    SHEETS    

See accompanying notes to financial statement 

- 2 - 

        Table of Contents  

BIOVIE
    INC. (F/K/A NANOANTIBIOTICS, INC.)    
 
         STATEMENTS OF OPERATION (UNAUDITED)    

See accompanying notes to financial statement 

- 3 - 

        Table of Contents  

BIOVIE
    INC. (F/K/A NANOANTIBIOTICS, INC.)    
 
         STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT    

See accompanying notes to financial statement 

- 4 - 

        Table of Contents  

BIOVIE
    INC. (F/K/A NANOANTIBIOTICS, INC.)    
 
         STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)    

See accompanying notes to financial statement 

- 5 - 

        Table of Contents  

BIOVIE
INC. (F/K/A NANOANTIBIOTICS, INC.)   

     Notes
to Financial Statements   

   For
the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

   (unaudited)   

1.   
       Background
    Information    

BioVie
Inc. (F/K/A NanoAntibiotics, Inc.) (the  Company ) is a development stage enterprise that was incorporated in the
state of Nevada on April 10, 2013.  The Company is engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of a
therapy targeting ascites due to liver cirrhosis. Ascites due to liver cirrhosis is a life-threatening condition affecting about
100,000 Americans and many times more worldwide. Our therapy BIV201 is based on a drug that s approved in about 50 countries
to treat related complications of liver cirrhosis (part of the same disease pathway as ascites), but not yet available in the
US. BIV201 s active agent is a potent vasoconstrictor and has shown efficacy for reducing portal hypertension in studies
around the world. The goal is for BIV201 to interrupt the ascites disease pathway, thereby halting the cycle of accelerating fluid
generation in ascites patients. The BIV201 development program began at LAT Pharma LLC. On April 11, 2016, the Company acquired
LAT Pharma LLC and the rights to its BIV201 development program. We currently own all development and marketing rights to our
drug candidate, except as noted previously, the Company and PharmaIN have exchanged small (low single-digit) ownership rights
to each other s ascites drug development programs. The Company recently filed patent applications for its drug candidate
in the US and Japan, as well as a PCT in Europe. We are currently completing the work necessary to file our investigational new
drug (IND) application, and aim to commence clinical trials should the FDA approve our application.  

  The
Company s activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties including failure to secure additional funding to
properly execute the company s business plan.  

2.   
       Going
    Concern    

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had a net loss of $351,342.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company has
not earned any revenues. In view of these matters, the Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
the Company s ability to begin operations and to achieve a level of profitability. Since inception, the Company has financed
its activities principally from the sale of public equity securities. The Company intends on financing its future development
activities and its working capital needs largely from the sale of public equity securities with some additional funding from other
traditional financing sources, including term notes and proceeds from sub-licensing agreements until such time that funds provided
by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The financial statements of the Company do not include any
adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classifications of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

3.   
       Significant
    Accounting Policies    

Unaudited
Interim Financial Statements   

  The
accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X.  Accordingly,
the financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles
for complete financial statements.  

- 6 - 

        Table of Contents  

In
the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring entries necessary for a fair statement of the
periods presented for: (a) the financial position; (b) the result of operations; and (c) cash flows, have been  made in
order to make the financial statements presented not misleading.  The results of operations for such interim
periods are not necessarily indicative of operations for a full year. 

Basis
of Presentation   

  The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

   Cash   

  Cash
is maintained at financial institutions and, at times, balances may exceed federally insured limits. We have never experienced
any losses related to these balances. All of our cash balances were fully insured at September 30, 2016.   

   Financial
Instruments   

  The
Company s financial instruments include cash and accounts payable. The carrying amounts of cash and accounts payable approximate
their fair value, due to the short-term nature of these items.   

   Research
and Development   

  Research
and development costs are charged to operations when incurred and are included in operating expenses. The Company expensed $127,270
for research and development for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   

   Income
Taxes   

  Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences associated with differences between the financial statements
and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as measured by the enacted tax rates, which are expected to be in effect when these differences
reverse. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as current or non-current, depending on the classification of the
assets or liabilities to which they relate. Deferred tax assets and liabilities not related to an asset or liability are classified
as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.   

  The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 740-10   Uncertainty in Income Taxes   (ASC 740-10), January 1, 2007.
The Company has not recognized a liability as a result of the implementation of ASC 740-10. A reconciliation of the beginning
and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits has not been provided since there are no unrecognized benefits at September 30,
2016 and since the date of adoption. The Company has not recognized interest expense or penalties as a result of the implementation
of ASC 740-10. If there were an unrecognized tax benefit, the Company would recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized
tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses.   

- 7 - 

        Table of Contents  

Earnings
(Loss) per Share   

  Basic
earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the year. Diluted earnings per common share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common
stock outstanding and dilutive options outstanding during the year. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016 all outstanding options
have been excluded from the calculation of the diluted net loss per share since their effect was anti-dilutive.  

   Stock-based
Compensation   

  The
Company recognizes all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, as compensation expense
in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense will be recognized over the period during which an employee
is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).      

   Fair
Value Measurements   

  In
September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) introduced a framework for measuring fair value and expanded required
disclosure about fair value measurements of assets and liabilities. The Company adopted the standard for those financial assets
and liabilities as of the beginning of the 2013 fiscal year and the impact of adoption was not significant. FASB Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures   (ASC 820) defines fair value as the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also
establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data
obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions
developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists
of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are
described below:   

  Level
1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets
or liabilities.   

  Level
2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
(e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation
or other means.   

  Level
3 - Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.   

  Fair
value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as
of September 30, 2016. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair
values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. These financial instruments include accrued payroll.  

    Recent
accounting pronouncements    

  The
Company has reviewed recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its EITF), the AICPA, and the SEC and did
not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements.     

- 8 - 

        Table of Contents  

4.
Related Party Loan  

  LAT
Pharma was given a zero-interest bearing loan by the company s General Partner, Jonathan Adams in the amount of $5,000 in
August 2015 and $5,000 in November 2015. The total of $10,000 was outstanding when the Company merged with LAT Pharma. As of September
30 th , 2016 the Company has an outstanding balance of $10,000 payable on demand to the CEO, Jonathan Adams.    

   5.
Commitments and Contingencies      

  Office
Lease   

  On
January 1, 2014 the Company executed a lease agreement with Cummings Properties for the company s office of 270 square feet
at 100 Cummings Center, Suite 247-C, Beverly, MA 01915. The lease is for a term of five years from January 1, 2014 to December
30, 2018 and requires monthly payments of $357 ($4,284 annually for each of the five years, total aggregate of $21,420).   

  Employment
Agreements     

  On
April 11, 2016 the Company entered into employment agreement with CEO Jonathan Adams. The Company s agreement provides for
a three-year term with minimum annual base salary of $250,000 per year. Effective April 11, 2016, the (previous) CEO/CFO resigned.  

6.   
       Income
    Taxes    
 
  Deferred
taxes are recorded for all existing temporary differences in the Company s assets and liabilities for income tax and financial
reporting purposes. Due to the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, as noted below, there were no net deferred tax benefit
or expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   

  There
is no current or deferred income tax expense or benefit allocated to continuing operations for the quarter ended September 30,
2016.   

  The
provision for income taxes is different from that which would be obtained by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to
income before income taxes. The items causing this difference are as follows:   

- 9 - 

        Table of Contents  

The
tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
at September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

Change in valuation allowance: 

Since
management of the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will not provide future benefit,
the Company has established a 100 percent valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016.   

  As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards totaling approximately $1,355,679 which
begin expiring in 2022.  

   7.
Purchase of LAT Pharma   

  On
April 11, 2016, the Company entered into and consummated an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ),
with LAT Acquisition Corp., a Nevada corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( Acquisition ) and LAT
Pharma, LLC an Illinois limited liability company ( LAT ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Acquisition
merged with and into LAT in a statutory triangular merger (the  Merger ) with LAT surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. As consideration for the Merger, the Company issued the interest holders of LAT (the  LAT Holders )
an aggregate of 39,820,000 shares of our Common Stock issued to the LAT Holders in accordance with their pro rata ownership of
LAT membership interests prior to the Merger. Following the Merger, the Registrant will continue the development of LAT s
lead clinical therapeutic candidate Continuous low-dose Infusion (CI) Terlipressin.  

Immediately
prior to the Merger, the Company had 87,210,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. In connection with the Merger,
certain shareholders of the Company collectively agreed to retire and cancel an aggregate of 39,869,999 shares of Common Stock.
Following the consummation of the Merger, the issuance of the Merger Shares of the 39,820,000 shares of Common Stock, the Company
had 87,160,001 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and the LAT Holders beneficially own 39,820,000 shares or approximately
forty-six percent (46%) of such issued and outstanding Common Stock.  

Under
the purchase method of accounting, the transaction was valued for accounting purposes at $2,389,200, which was the estimated fair
value of the consideration paid by the Company. The estimate was based on the consideration paid of 39,820,000 shares of common
stock valued based on the closing price on 04/11/2016 of $0.06 per share.  

- 10 - 

        Table of Contents  

The
assets and liabilities of LAT Pharma, Inc. were recorded at their respective fair values as of the closing date of the Merger
Agreement, and the following table summarizes these values based on the balance sheet at April 11, 2016.  

Intangible asset detail  

Under the 338(h)(10) election, all goodwill
and intangibles related to the acquisition of LAT Pharma will be fully deductible for tax purposes. 

The
intangible intellectual property is amortized over 10 years.  

The previous year amortization
expense has been amortized for the period from April 11, 2016 to June 30, 2016. The estimated Amortization expense for each of
the five succeeding fiscal years will be approximately $229,300 per year. 

   8.
Stock Options   

  In
connection with the employment agreement signed with the Chief Financial Officer on April 11, 2016, Jonathan Adams received options
to acquire 3 million shares exercisable at $0.06 per share, the closing price on that date. These Options Group A shall become
vested and exercisable (i) as to 1 million shares on April 11, 2017, (ii) as to 1 million shares on April 11, 2018, and (iii)
as to 1 million shares on April 11, 2019.  

  The
fair market value of the stock options is estimated using the Black Scholes valuation model and the Company uses the
following methods to determine its underlying assumptions: expected volatilities are based on the historical  volatilities
of 3 comparable companies of the daily closing price of their respective common stock; the expected term of options granted
is based on the average time outstanding method; and the risk free interest rate is based on the US Treasury bonds issued
with similar life terms to the expected life of the grant. 

- 11 - 

        Table of Contents  

The
following key assumptions were used in the valuation model to value stock option grants for each respective period: 

Stock
option transactions under the Company s plans for the years ended June 30, 2016 is summarized below:  

The
compensation expense includes $8,848 related to the stock options described above.  

  9. Loan Payable  

  LAT
Pharma was given a zero-interest bearing loan from Barrett Ehrlich for $8,000. Barrett Ehrlich made a payment to Hayden IR, LLC
directly on behalf of LAT Pharma. As of September 30 th , 2016 the Company has an outstanding balance of $8,000 payable
on demand to Barrett Ehrlich.  

    10.
Subsequent Event   

  Subsequent
to September 30, 2016, the Company sold 500,000 shares of common stock for 20 cents per share for total proceeds of $100,000.  
 
       - 12 - 

        Table of Contents  

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933. Any statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact may be forward-looking
statements. When we use the words  intends,   estimates,   predicts,   potential, 
 continues,   anticipates,   plans,   expects,   believes,   should, 
 could,   may,   will  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, we
are identifying forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which may cause our actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements.
These factors include our; research and development activities, distributor channel; compliance with regulatory impositions; and
our capital needs. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot
guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.   

  Except
as may be required by applicable law, we do not undertake or intend to update or revise our forward-looking statements, and we
assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this report as a result of new information or future
events or developments. Thus, you should not assume that our silence over time means that actual events are bearing out as expressed
or implied in such forward-looking statements. You should carefully review and consider the various disclosures we make in this
report and our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that attempt to advise interested parties of the
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our business.   

  All
statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The Company
assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. When used in
this report, the terms  BioVie ,  Company ,  we ,  our , and  us 
refer to BioVie Inc.   

  The
following discussion of the Company s financial condition and the results of operations should be read in conjunction with
the Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this document.   

  The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. In order to comply with
the terms of the safe harbor, the Company notes that in addition to the description of historical facts contained herein, this
report contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as detailed herein and from time to time
in the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and elsewhere. Such statements are based on management s
current expectations and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from those, described in the forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others: (a) the Company s fluctuations
in sales and operating results; (b) risks associated with international operations; (c) regulatory, competitive and contractual
risks; (d) product development risks; (e) the ability to achieve strategic initiatives, including but not limited to the ability
to achieve sales growth across the business segments through a combination of enhanced sales force, new products, and customer
service; and (f) pending litigation.  

 We are a development stage
biotechnology company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of a therapy targeting ascites due to liver
cirrhosis. Ascites due to liver cirrhosis is a life-threatening condition affecting about 100,000 Americans and many times
more worldwide. Our therapy BIV201 is based on a drug that is approved in about 50 countries to treat related complications
of liver cirrhosis (part of the same disease pathway as ascites), but not yet available in the US. BIV201 s active
agent is a potent vasoconstrictor and has shown efficacy for reducing portal hypertension in studies around the world. The
goal is for BIV201 to interrupt the ascites disease pathway, thereby halting the cycle of accelerating fluid generation in
ascites patients. We are currently completing the work necessary to file our investigational new drug (IND) application, and
aim to commence clinical trials should the FDA approve our application. The Company s activities are subject to
significant risks and uncertainties including failure to secure additional funding to properly execute the company s
business plan.  

- 13 - 

        Table of Contents  

We
have incurred $351,342 of operating expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  We are now engaged in organizational
activities and sourcing compounds and materials. We anticipate incurring other costs associated with equipment purchases and general
and administrative expenses, including employee salaries and benefits, legal expenses, and other costs associated with an early
stage, publicly-traded company.    

  The
amounts that we actually spend for any specific purpose may vary significantly, and will depend on a number of factors including,
but not limited to, the pace of progress of our research and development, market conditions, and our ability to qualify vendors.
In addition, we may use a portion of any net proceeds to acquire complementary compounds; however, we do not have plans for any
acquisitions at this time. We will have significant discretion in the use of any net proceeds. Investors will be relying on the
judgment of our management regarding the application of the proceeds of any sale of our Common Stock.   

   Requirement
for Additional Capital   

The
Company has engaged in limited research and development activities. We currently do not have sufficient funds to meet our planned
drug development for the next twelve (12) months and we may not be able to obtain the necessary financing on terms and conditions
acceptable to the Company. Assuming that we are successful in raising additional financing, we plan to incur the following expenses
over the next twelve (12) months:   

Research
    and Development of $45,000, which includes planned costs for the development of BIV201.   

Corporate
    overhead of $15,000, which includes budgeted legal, accounting and other costs expected to be incurred; and   

Staffing
    costs of $250,000.   
 
  The
Company had approximately $8,745 of cash on hand at September 30, 2016 and will be unable to proceed with its planned drug development,
meet its administrative expense requirements, capital costs, or staffing costs without obtaining additional net financing of approximately
$250,000 to $500,000 to meet its near-term budgetary needs.   

  The
Company has limited experience with pharmaceutical drug development. As such these budget estimates may not be accurate. In addition,
the actual work to be performed can only be broadly projected, as is normal with any scientific work. As further work is performed,
additional work may become necessary or change in plans or workload may occur. Such changes may have an adverse impact on our
estimated budget. Such changes may also have an adverse impact on our projected timeline of drug development.   

  Management
intends to use capital and debt financing, as required, to fund the Company's operations. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to obtain the additional capital resources necessary to fund its anticipated obligations for the next twelve (12)
months.  

- 14 - 

        Table of Contents  

Capital
Resources and Liquidity   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had $8,745 of cash on hand in our corporate bank account. The Company is considered to be a development
stage company and will continue in the development stage until generating revenues from the sales of its products or services.
As a result, the report of the independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements as of June 30, 2016,
contains an explanatory paragraph regarding a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

  We
do not have sufficient funds for the next (12) twelve months and must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business.
If we are unable to raise additional funds to develop our compounds, we may be required to scale back our development plans
by reducing expenditures for employees, consultants, business development, and other envisioned expenditures. This could reduce
our ability to develop BIV201, our drug candidate, and implement our business plan. In that event, investors should anticipate
that their entire investment may be lost and there may be no ability to profit from this investment.  

  We
cannot assure you that our drug candidate will be developed, work, or receive regulatory approval; that we will ever earn revenues
sufficient to support our operations or that we will ever be profitable. Furthermore, since we have no committed source of financing,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise money as and when we need it to continue our operations. If we cannot raise
funds as and when we need them, we may be required to severely curtail, or even to cease, our operations.  

  If
we are unable to raise additional funds, we will need to do one or more of the following  

delay, scale-back or eliminate some or all of our research and product
development programs;    

provide licenses to third parties to develop and commercialize products
or technologies that we would otherwise seek to develop and commercialize ourselves;    

seek strategic alliances or business combinations;    

attempt to sell our company;    

cease operations; or    

declare bankruptcy.    

  We
believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to meet our operating and capital requirements until
June 30, 2017. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising
activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and
to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to secure additional debt or equity financing
in a timely manner, or at all, which could require us to scale back our business plan and operations.   

  The
above conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  The financial statements
included elsewhere herein were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern.  Our
financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  Without additional
funds from debt or equity financing, sales of our intellectual property or technologies, or from a business combination or a similar
transaction, we will soon exhaust our resources and will be unable to continue operations.  If we cannot continue as
a viable entity, our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in us.   

- 15 - 

        Table of Contents  

Our
management intends to attempt to secure additional required funding primarily through additional equity or debt financings.  We
may also seek to secure required funding through sales or out-licensing of intellectual property assets, seeking partnerships
with other pharmaceutical companies or third parties to co-develop and fund research and development efforts, or similar transactions.  However,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain required funding.  If we are unsuccessful in securing funding
from any of these sources, we will defer, reduce or eliminate certain planned expenditures in our research protocols.  If
we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives
that could result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment in us. 

Emerging
Growth Company   

We
are an  emerging growth company  under the federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting
requirements. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an  emerging growth company  can take advantage
of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. In other words, an  emerging growth company  can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until
those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to take advantage of the extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

The
Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect or change
on the Company s financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to investors. The term  off-balance sheet arrangement  generally means any transaction,
agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with the Company is a party, under which the Company
has (i) any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest; or (ii) a retained or contingent
interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for
such assets.   

Item
3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Not
applicable  

Item
4.  Controls and Procedures   

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016 covered
by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Based upon such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. This conclusion by the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer does not relate to reporting periods after September 30, 2016.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

No
change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

- 16 - 

        Table of Contents  

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings   

To
our knowledge, neither the Company nor any of our officers or directors is a party to any material legal proceeding or litigation
and such persons know of no material legal proceeding or contemplated or threatened litigation. There are no judgments against
us or our officers or directors. None of our officers or directors has been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor relating to securities
or performance in corporate office.  

Item
2. Unregistered sales of equity securities   

None  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

None  

Item
4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   

None  

Item
5.  Other Information   

None  

Item
6. Exhibits   

(a)   Exhibit
index  

Exhibit     

31.1  
         
       Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

32.1  
         
       Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

(b)  Reports
on Form 8-K  

None.  

- 17 - 

        Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

NANOANTIBIOTICS,
INC.   

Signature  
         
      Titles  
         
      Date   
 
        /s/    Jonathan
    Adams   

Jonathan Adams  
         
      Chief Executive Officer,
    Chief Financial Officer, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting Officer  
         
      November 16, 2016   

- 18 - 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bivi-20160930_10qex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

  AND RULE 13-A14 OF THE EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934  

CERTIFICATION   

I, Jonathan Adams, certify that:   

1.  
      I have reviewed this
    quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Biovie, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
       
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Signature  
       
      Titles  

Date  

/s/ Jonathan Adams    

Jonathan Adams  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board  

November 16,
    2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 bivi-20160930_10qex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Biovie, Inc., (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jonathan Adams, Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Corporate Secretary,
Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Signature  
       
      Titles  

Date  

/s/ Jonathan Adams    

Jonathan Adams  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board  

November 16,
    2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 bivi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 bivi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 bivi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 bivi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 bivi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bivi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

