<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-K_edgar_data_1313938_0001683168-16-000946_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1507908</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126220</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>142674</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>370140</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>421555</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>378852</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000946.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214165904
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000946
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sibannac, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001313938
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				330903494
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55578
		FILM NUMBER:		162051639

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1313 E. OSBORN
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-420-3171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1313 E. OSBORN
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sibannic, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150310

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Naprodis, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000946.txt : 20161214

10-K
 1
 sibannac_10k-083116.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

 _____________ 

FORM 10-K   

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31,
2016  

COMMISSION FILE NO. 333-122009 

SIBANNAC,
INC.    

  (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT SPECIFIED IN
ITS CHARTER)  

(480) 420-3171   

  (REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING
AREA CODE)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
 NONE   

Securities to be registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  COMMON STOCK, $0.001 PAR VALUE   

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 
        [_] 
       
     No 
        [X]  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 
        [_] 
       
     No 
        [X]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes 
        [X] 
       
     No 
        [_]  

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check One). 

Large accelerated filer 
     [_] 
       
     Accelerated filer 
     [_]  

Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
     [_] 
       
     Smaller reporting company 
     [X]  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 
        [_] 
       
     No 
        [X]  

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant on February 28, 2015 was 5,448,000. 

As of August 31 2016, there were 17,527,194
shares outstanding of which 5,448,000 shares were held by non-affiliates. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

ITEM   
       DESCRIPTION   
       PAGE    

Part I  

Item 1. 
     Business 
     3  

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors 
     17  

Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     17  

Item 2. 
     Description of Properties 
     17  

Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     17  

Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     17  

Part II  

Item 5. 
     Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     17  

Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data 
     18  

Item 7. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     18  

Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     20  

Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
     20  

Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     31  

Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     31  

Item 9B. 
     Other Information 
     32  

Part III  

Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     32  

Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation 
     35  

Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     36  

Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
     37  

Item 14. 
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
     37  

Part IV  

Item 15. 
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
     38  

Signatures 
     39  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

In addition to historical information,
some of the information presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains  forward-looking statements  within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the  Reform Act ). Although Sibannac, Inc. ( Sibannac 
or the  Company , which may also be referred to as  we ,  us  or  our ) believes
that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of its knowledge of its business and operations: there
can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. Such forward-looking statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Cautionary statements regarding
the risks, uncertainties and other factors associated with these forward-looking statements are discussed under  Risk Factors 
in this Form 10-K. You are urged to carefully consider these factors, as well as other information contained in this Form 10-K
and in our other periodic reports and documents filed with the SEC . 

PART I  

ITEM 1. BUSINESS  

Company History and Overview  

History of Sibannac, Inc., a Nevada
corporation  

Sibannac, Inc. ( Sibannac  or
 Company  or  we ) was incorporated in June 1999 in the State of Nevada as Naprodis, Inc. for the purpose to
engage in any lawful activity for which corporations may be formed. On August 25, 2014, the Company transferred all of its assets
to Naprodis, Inc., a Colorado corporation ( Colorado Naprodis ). In consideration for the transfer of these assets,
Colorado Naprodis agreed to assume a substantial amount of the Company s liabilities. On November 25, 2014, the Company changed
its name to Sibannac, Inc. 

On August 19, 2015, Sibannac, Inc. ( the
Company  or  Sibannac ), a Nevada corporation, entered into an Asset Acquisition Agreement with Apollo Media
Network, Inc. ( Apollo ), a Delaware corporation, whereby all of the assets of Apollo would be acquired by the Company
from Apollo. Pursuant to the Asset Acquisition Agreement, the closing of the Acquisition was effective August 31, 2015, although
completed later. Apollo issued to the Company an Assignment Agreement and Bill of Sale for the Assets, duly executed by Apollo.
Sibannac, Inc. delivered to Apollo Media Network, Inc. three million, one hundred thousand (3,100,000) shares of the Company s
Common Stock, duly issued, fully paid and non-assessable which were distributed to its shareholders in liquidation of Apollo pursuant
to IRC Section 368c. There has been no merger, however, the assets and intellectual property of Apollo were transferred in liquidation
to Sibannac. 

We have short operating history in the
Apollo business (only in the startup mode in 2015) and no representation is made, nor is there any assurance that our Company will
be able to successfully raise the necessary capital to successfully carry out its business plans. 

After fiscal year end we acquired Protection
Cost, Inc. for two million, three hundred thousand (2,300,000) shares which intends to provide labor and accounting management
systems for the cannabis industry. 

Proposed Business Plan of Sibannac,
Inc.  

Sibannac intends to become a media and
management services company, whose purpose is to service businesses with online marketing, advertising, sales tracking, management
consulting and other informational services. Additionally, Sibannac provides accounting and expense and labor management systems
to assist in compliance in the highly regulated industry environment. 

We intend to fully comply with all federal
laws and regulations, including those enforced by the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA), US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in our operations. We are NOT a  marijuana 
sales company attempting to operate outside of federal  marijuana  prohibitions. 

Divisions of Sibannac, Inc.   

1. Sibannac Media  

Our division, Sibannac Media, into which
the Apollo assets were merged is in the business of developing and promoting web content. We currently own 15 domains that in total
frequently rank high as 250 visited websites on the web according to Quantcast analytics. We are currently generating revenue from
these sites and expect to expand into offering direct advertising sales in the near future. 

a. Overview   

Sibannac Media is a media company that
produces websites, targeting specific consumer and B2B interests. It leverages these platforms to sell advertising and to generate
an average audience of over 1 million unique users each month per web site, thereby reaching niche audiences interested in categories
such as science, sports, health, parenting, news and business. Sibannac Media is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sibannac and intends
to develop and drive the advertising and technology side of the Sibannac brands and products. 

Sibannac Media intends to leverage technology
to measure audience trend, behavior and social media to best determine desired content and advertiser demand. Sibannac Media intends
to use Real Time Bidding (RTB) networks for media buying and selling of advertising. This is known as programmatic advertising,
which is a system similar to how stocks trade on Wall Street where computers automate the process of buying and selling inventory
and improve results. 

According to eMarketer last year programmatic
programming hit approximately $15 billion in advertising revenue accounting for 50% of the US digital display market. However,
eMarketer sees significant growth coming from programmatic direct, which will reach $8.57 billion in spending by 2016 to represent
42.0% of programmatic ad expenditure in the US up from 8.0% this year.  

Sibannac Media has achieved a number of
key business objectives including the successful prototype deployment of Sibannac Media's proprietary marketing tactics, the development
of an expanding customer base, and a clearly identifiable path to profitability, growth, and long-term success. The vision for
Sibannac Media is to develop a network of relevant lifestyle sites to businesses and consumers. The plan for Sibannac Media is
to not only build a top shelf network but to acquire some of the best applications, sites and online technology for this industry.
The plan leverages the online advertising space as it relates to exchanges, ad networks and RTB ( Real Time Bidding ) and
introduces a real value and necessary advertising service to the business community. 

The immediate goal is to continue marketing
the completed 15 sites. Each site will generate users interested in a specific content category, advertisers through Sibannac Media s
ad network will be able to reach these users based on their interests, behavior, geography, time of day and various other methods.
Sibannac Media has launched SibannacIndex.com, LigaStars.com, YouScube.com, FullCourStars.com, CyclerLife.com, DynoMoves.com, LeafExaminer.com,
Live2100.com, ScienceFly.com, MobilityPress.com, Lifeisaboard.com, SpyChatter.com, CagePound.com, ChildCompass.com and nputgaming.com.
Collectively these sites typically generate over 15 million unique users monthly. These sites already have more eyeballs per month
than the Discover.com, msnbc.com and Weedmaps.com (2.1 MUU) a leading site in the marijuana industry. By creating a system of testing
and innovating to increase traffic, Sibannac Media will scale by continuously adding more sites. 

Sibannac Media will pursue three main components
to drive growth: 

1. 
      Digital Media Publishing Company    This division owns and operates web sites for multi-screen (desktop, mobile, TV, tablet) audiences  

2. 
      Ad Network    As Sibannac Media scales in site development they will build an Ad Network for advertisers to reach their highly targeted online audience.  

3. 
      Ad Exchange / Platform    Sibannac Media will use 3 rd  party platform technology allowing them access to ad exchanges for the purpose of buying and selling ad inventory.  

The core product of Sibannac Media is the
online audience generated through Sibannac Media s proprietary ad network through marketing tactics and organic growth. This
online audience generates ad impressions as they visit Sibannac Media s network of sites. The Sibannac Media advantages are: 

Cost    Using 3 rd  party technology and outsourcing platforms Sibannac Media will pass on significant savings to the advertiser without sacrificing quality.  

Quality    Sibannac Media will be able to match advertiser campaigns to a targeted audience based on behavior, location, time and content. The Sibannac Media network will offer rich media ad units, interstitials, road blocks, sliding home page banners and other unique ad formats to deliver high performing metrics.  

Exposure    Video mobile and display ads are displayed on a vast network of web pages.  

Reliability    Sibannac Media uses 3 rd  party anti-fraud technology to provide high quality audiences to advertisers and has an internal human auditing team to ensure traffic quality  

Flexibility    Sibannac Media plans to allow advertisers an automated system where they can manage their own campaigns or a Sibannac Media account manager to successfully set up and manage their campaigns.  

b. Sibannac Media Market:   

Global digital ad spend is predicted by
eMarketer to rise from $132 billion in 2014 to $194 billion in 2018 surpassing television revenue. The US Internet publishing,
broadcasting, and search portal industry includes about 3,200 companies with combined annual revenue of about $58 billion. The
most significant trend is the emergence of online ad network companies using state-of-the-art cloud computing environments and
high-performance ad server technology to deliver superior returns and savings for both advertisers and website publishers. Three
basic methods marry advertising demand with website publisher supply. 

1. 
     First is the direct sales method. Some website publishers have a sales force that actively sells website real estate. This method is more costly however, generates a higher value for ad inventory.  

2. 
     Second is the use of Ad networks. These are systems of lower paying, lower quality advertisements tapped by the publisher to fill remnant inventory. This ensures more ad space is sold and generating revenue, albeit at a fairly low cost. Today, most large online publishers (websites) sell remnant inventory of ad space through ad networks. Typically, 10% to 60% of a large publisher's total inventory is classified as remnant and sold through advertising networks. Smaller publishers often sell their entire inventory through ad networks.  

3. 
     Real time bidding (RTB) has emerged as the third method to match the supply of Internet publishers with advertising demand based upon specific user characteristics. Real time bidding (RTB) is an online enabling technology for media purchases.  

RTB enables media buyers to
find audiences on a massive scale at an advantaged price through much-reduced effort. This, in turn, helps drive performance by
ensuring an advertiser s ad is seen by the audiences most likely to respond, while minimizing marketing costs and human resource
investment. Website owners are able to make their ad inventory available to a broad array of buyers and to sell their website real
estate to the highest bidder. 

The following chart shows the
projected growth of Real Time Bidding market: 

c. Sibannac Media Marketing  
Sales Plan   

As a business, Sibannac Media's  product 
is essentially websites; an ad network and a software solution combining 3 rd  party technology with custom solutions.
Sibannac Media will offer these solutions in a 100% self-service system that enables customers to do everything including selling
and buying an ad, funding their accounts, and generating real-time reports. 

Sibannac Media will sell industry standard
ad units on a Cost Per Thousand (CPM) basis. This is achieved through a programmatic system of Ad Networks and Ad Exchanges using
Agency Trading Desks (ATD), Supply Side Platforms (SSP) and Demand Side Platforms (DSP). Sibannac Media's principal customers are
advertisers that generally fall into three overlapping categories: 

1. 
      Advertising Agencies    Companies that place ads on behalf of other companies.  

2. 
      Direct Advertisers    Companies that place ads for their own products or services.  

3. 
      Ad Networks / Publishers    Publishers wanting to participate in the Sibannac Media Network and Networks wanting to participate in the Sibannac Media Exchange.  

Sibannac Media envisions and will pursue a three-phase marketing
program as follows: 

1.       Phase
One: Sibannac Media develops and markets responsive websites (desktop, mobile, tablet) to generate audiences for the purpose of
generating quality ad inventory, which is monetized through programmatic advertising, direct sales and content marketing services.
Sibannac Media plans to scale from 10 million unique users in the first quarter of operations to 30 million monthly unique users
by end of 2016. 

2.       Phase
Two: Sibannac Media develops additional marketing tactics, including direct sales, press releases, content updates, article submittals,
testimonials, endorsements, social media marketing (i.e. blogs, podcasts, webinars, and videos), an affiliate program, link campaigns,
and a direct e-mail marketing program (with the help of an e-mail marketing service) to generate greater brand awareness for The
Company and its advertisers. 

3.       Phase
Three is all about Sibannac Media leveraging technology and relationships to meet the needs of online publishers, advertisers and
ad agencies. Advertisers and ad agencies are seeking consistent and quality web sites suitable for their brand s advertising
campaigns. Online publishers are driven to maximize their site s exposure to select audiences so they can increase their
value to advertisers. Sibannac Media will be a facilitator for both advertisers and publishers to achieve their goals. 

Additional elements of the sales plan include: 

Development of direct response campaigns using Sibannac Media s network and customized landing pages to measure, optimize and maximize conversion.  

Sibannac Media will use new video ad units and other advanced media formats to augment Sibannac Media sales strategy.  

Sibannac Media plans to develop a strong referral program to reward existing clients and business partners that send potential members to Sibannac Media.  

Sibannac Media plans to explore various promotional tactics to boost Sibannac Media s standing and generate leads including: telesales; corporate sponsorships; social media, webinars; donations; direct mail; and participation at industry trade shows and conferences.  

Sibannac Media will hire a senior sales executive to sell ad inventory and  content marketing solutions  direct to advertisers and ad agencies.  

Sibannac Media will invest resources towards mobile technology and emerging markets.  

d. Sibannac Media Competition  

Sibannac Media competition falls
into two broad categories; competition for advertisers against other digital advertising platforms and competition for the consumers
( eyeballs ) that advertisers want to reach against other marijuana industry related websites. 

From the standpoint of other digital
advertising platforms, Google attracts 40 percent of total US digital advertising spending, according to eMarketer. Facebook holds
the second-largest share, with about 7 percent. Other market leaders include Microsoft (6 percent), Yahoo! (6 percent), and IAC
(3 percent).  Highlights of other advertising networks are presented as follows: 

Google AdSense : Google s
AdSense is one of the largest and perhaps the best known display advertising network. This platform allows publishers to monetize
standard display ads, mobile and video, and search results as well. It s free to sign up for AdSense and the program will
accept the smallest of publishers provided they meet certain quality guidelines. AdSense also integrates into other Google products
and generally pays publishers monthly for revenue generated the previous month. 

AdBlade : This network
of premium publishers currently consists of about 1,000 high profile publishers. It offers publishers an opportunity to fill IAB
standard ad units ( such as the 300 250 rectangle or 728 90 leaderboard ) as well as a proprietary  NewsBullet 
unit designed to increase engagement and CPMs. For smaller publishers, AdBlade isn t much use. This network accepts only
ultra-premium publishers such as Fox News, Daily News, etc. 

Advertising.com : A unit
of AOL, this network has nearly 2 billion impressions monetized daily and offers opportunities for publishers to monetize display
ads, video, mobile, and some custom implementations. It also offers Display University, an online educational resource for publishers
and advertisers looking to learn more about display ads, the process of building a campaign, and executing on creative. 

Chitika : Chitika boasts
a network of more than 300,000 publishers, making it one of the largest networks. Chitika ads can be used on their own, or alongside
ads from other networks (such as AdSense). Chitika is also open to just about anyone, and the process for getting approval and
ad implementation is generally fast. Chitika is a popular alternative for advertisers unable to use or frustrated with AdSense,
with great results in certain niches and less impressive earnings in others. 

Clicksor : Clicksor ads
can be served alongside ads from other networks. If the minimum price of an ad is not met, the placement can be filled with default
ads to ensure a 100% fill rate. When Clicksor is able to provide an ad that meets the specified CPM or CPC threshold, that ad will
run. Clicksor features traditional display ads, inline text links, and more custom implementations such as pop-unders and interstitials.
Publishers get paid every 15 days, can get a revenue split as high as 85%, and can participate in a referral program. 

Google became popular with advertisers
in part through the comparative accessibility and affordability of their AdWords program, which essentially made it possible for
nearly anyone to advertise online. Over time, Google's AdWords program has become increasingly complex. Although Yahoo! and Microsoft
deliver much lower click volumes   many advertisers find their conversion rates better than Google, and hence profitability
is higher. 

Several issues like these have already
opened the door to a new generation of online marketing providers. New companies ( including Sibannac Media ) can offer better
terms, and have better technology through the use of open-source applications and cloud-based computing environments. Freed from
server and software maintenance and challenging capacity issues   second-generation companies like Sibannac Media are now
able to provide substantially greater ROI for their customers at much more competitive rates. 

2. Sibannac HR  

We transferred the business assets of PCI
(an acquired business as described in Form 8K/A dated January 15, 2016) to our division Sibannac HR which is dedicated to labor
and accounting management systems for the cannabis industry. Sibannac management understands the wide range of issues that cannabis
businesses encounter, and is applying the systems that it has developed to assist the industry. Key to Sibannac HR s success
is its alignment with a banking compliance solution. Sibannac HR continues to vigorously pursue these relationships 

 Sibannac s initial product offerings
are PEO and insurance services through its subsidiary, Sibannac HR. Sibannac HR is the exclusive sales and marketing arm of National
PEO in the cannabis market. 

1. Human Resources management . 

National PEO develops customized human
resources plans for clients to assure compliance with the latest labor laws and regulations. Additionally, National works with
clients to help develop a culture that will allow clients to develop and retain talent. Ultimately, National helps ensure that
employees are treated fairly and that the employer has an HR foundation that allows for growth and is protected. 

Employee/Employer Handbook   National develops and maintains employee handbooks as labor laws change or as employer policies dictate in each state in which the client has employees.  

Conflict Resolution   National can act as a resource, mediator or witness for employee employer conflicts, claims or disputes regarding wages, harassment, discipline, etc   

Benefits Support   Benefits specialists are at the business s disposal. Whether it is for the group or an individual question or concern, National will provide the answers quickly and efficiently.  

Compliance   National works to ensure clients maintain proper compliance with all labor laws including Americans with Disabilities Act, Immigration and Naturalization Control Act of 1986, FMLA, FLSA and other important regulations.  

Policy and Procedure Development   National experts provide templated policies and procedures that can be adapted to specific client need to ensure a safe, comfortable and productive work environment.  

2. Employee Benefits: Health Insurance,
Supplemental Insurance, 401k  

National s proprietary plans and
purchasing power enable businesses to affordably attract and retain high quality employees: 

Health, Dental and Vision: National s MetLife plan allows clients to provide the finest ancillary benefits available at a competitive price.  

Nexus brokers take each client s health plan to market with multiple carriers to ensure the best possible plan design and price.  

COBRA compliance assistance  

Claims management  

Long and Short-Term Disability Insurance  

Term Life Insurance  

3. Workers  Compensation  

Workers  compensation insurance requires
careful monitoring and administration. When faced with a claim or audit, employers can spend countless hours researching, responding
and coping with the many aspects of workers  compensation claims. National provides the following workers  compensation
services: 

Safety Planning  

Policy Administration  

Injury Administration  

Annual Audits Management  

Certificates of Insurance  

Small/no deposit plans with  pay-as-you-go  premium payments  

Payroll Reporting and Record Keeping  

Claims Management  

Back-to-work Programs  

4. Payroll Processing  

National utilizes state-of the-art, industry
leading technologies to ensure clients have maximum flexibility in their payroll processing. National systems adapt to client needs
including: 

Pay Frequency   weekly, bi-weekly, semimonthly or monthly.  

Flexible Pay Period Dates  

Pay Method   direct deposit, pay-cards or standard paper checks.  

Reporting   standard and specialized reports, such as job costing, departmental reports or customized reports.  

Payroll Tax Filing  

Wage Garnishments  

5. Workplace Safety  

National maintains a robust safety team
that provides risk management, safety consulting, and government compliance. Clients have access to a variety of resources, including
independent safety consultants, advanced safety training for multiple industries, multimedia safety materials, and workers 
compensation loss control specialists. National safety helps ensure clients comply with state and federal workplace safety guidelines
while controlling workers  compensation costs. Services include: 

Written Safety Programs  

Claims Administration and Claims Cost Control  

Risk Management  

OSHA Compliance  

Workplace Safety and Site Reviews  

Onsite Safety Training Programs  

6. Files, Claims   Audits  

National reduces employer risk by assuming
many employer-related responsibilities. Clients can reduce risk and focus on building business while National manages the following: 

Employee Record Keeping   Gathering, verifying, preparing and maintaining all employee forms such as I-9, W-4, and W-2. Support for employee evaluations, hiring/firing documentation, corrective action, disputes  

Claims   National works with clients on the evaluation, negotiation and resolution of unemployment claims, Workers  Compensation claims, harassment or other employee/employer related claims.  

Audits   National and its team of subject area experts administer all audits including workers  compensation, EEOC, DOL and others.  

Unemployment Administration - As the employer of record, National NATIONAL is responsible for the management and resolution of state unemployment claims.  

7. Insurance Services: Nexus Partners
Insurance Solutions:  

Nexus Partners is a full service insurance
agency with numerous affiliates and brokers around the country. Nexus currently utilizes wholesale brokers as its key provider
of business insurance to its cannabis clients. Nexus provides many coverage options from multiple carriers allowing clients to
choose the policy and price that best meets their needs and budget. Nexus serves commercial clients in most industries and geographic
areas. 

Business of Our Company  

Our Commitment  

To our shareholders, employees, patients,
global partners, the environment and other stakeholders, we promise to act on our belief that integrity is the priceless ingredient
of our company. We will operate with high standards of ethical behavior, effective governance, and we will foster a culture of
transparency and dialogue with our stakeholders to improve our understanding of their needs. We take our commitment to economic,
social and environmental sustainability seriously, and extend this expectation to our partners. 

We promote a diverse workforce and inclusive
culture. The health, safety, work-life balance, professional development, and equitable, respectful treatment of our employees
are among our highest priorities. 

At the date of this filing, 23 states and
the District of Columbia have adopted medical or adult use legislations. Industry analysts estimate 14 more states will follow
suit by 2018. 1  

Competition  

There are a number of other emerging companies
that are exploring similar services strategies. Sibannac believes that products that they develop will be competitive in the marketplace
with other products serving the same market sectors. Sibannac management believes that our team s experience bringing products
to market will prevail and the Company will be unaffected at this stage by other developmental companies. Sibannac will strive
to be the first to bring medicines to market in this therapeutic area in order to gain a competitive advantage. 

PLAN OF OPERATIONS  

Our Budget for operations in next fiscal
year, 2017, is as follows: 

(1) These items are variable and no commitment
has been obtained from any source. 

We may change any or all of the budget categories in the execution of its business model. None of the line items are to be considered
fixed or unchangeable. We may need substantial additional capital to support its budget. We have recognized minimal revenues from
our existing operational activities. 

We may need to raise additional funds to
support not only our expected budget, but our continued operations. We cannot make any assurances that we will be able to raise
such funds or whether we would be able to raise such funds with terms that are favorable to us. We may seek to borrow monies from
lenders at commercial rates, but such lenders will probably be at higher than bank rates, which higher rates could, depending on
the amount borrowed, make the net operating income insufficient to cover the interest. 

If we are unable to begin to generate enough
revenue to cover our operational costs, we will need to seek additional sources of funds. Currently, we have no committed source
for any funds as of date hereof. No representation is made that any funds will be available when needed. In the event funds cannot
be raised if and when needed, we may not be able to carry out our business plan and could fail in business as a result of these
uncertainties. 

 We intend to conduct research and development,
market research, product formulation, and will investigate regionally compounding licensed pharmacies for potential acquisition. 

______________ 

  1  ArcView Market Research. (2014).
 The State of Legal Marijuana Markets, 2nd Edition.  

COMPETITION, MARKETS, REGULATION AND
TAXATION  

Competitive Conditions  

There are competitors in the business services
industry with far greater resources, financial and marketing sources, which might compete with our Company. Such resources could
overwhelm our Company's efforts and cause failure of our Company. (See  Risk Factors ) 

Title to Property  

None. We have no patents at this time. 

Government Contracts  

None. 

Company Sponsored Research and Development  

None at this time. 

Number of Persons Employed  

As of August 31, 2016, our Company has
one full-time employees. Our officers dedicate 10- 40 hours per week to our Company. We have zero part-time employees. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

An investment in our Company's securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all the other information contained
in this document before you decide to buy our Company's shares. If any of the following risks related to our Company's business
actually occurs, its business, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected.   

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMPANY AND THE
BUSINESS   

We depend upon our key personnel and
our ability to attract and retain employees.   

Our future growth and success depend on
our ability to recruit, retain, manage and motivate our employees. The loss of the services of any member of our senior management
or the inability to hire or retain experienced management personnel could adversely affect our ability to execute our business
plan and harm our operating results. 

We expect to face intense competition,
often from companies with greater resources and experience than we have.   

The cannabis industry is in turmoil and
subject to rapid change. The industry continues to expand and evolve as an increasing number of competitors and potential competitors
enter the market. Many of these competitors and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technological, and
experience than we have. Some of these competitors and potential competitors have more experience than we have in the development
of our business. In addition, our services, if successfully developed, will compete with, service offerings from large and well-established
companies that have greater marketing and sales experience and capabilities than we or our collaboration partners have. If we are
unable to compete successfully, we may be unable to grow and sustain our revenue. 

We have limited history of operations
and we may incur losses.  

As a company with no operating history,
we are subject to all of the risks associated with a new business enterprise. Our prospects must be considered in light of the
risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development, especially in challenging
and competitive industries. We are unable to give you any assurance that we will generate material revenues or that any revenues
generated will be sufficient for us to continue operations or achieve profitability. 

We have limited assets.  

As of the August 31, 2016, we have limited
assets and net worth of approximately $50,000. Our success will initially depend upon continuing our business and growing our business
by raising the necessary funds to expand operations. 

For future additional capital requirements,
we may raise capital by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, and when we do, the percentage ownership of our existing
stockholders may be diluted. 

We are an  emerging growth company 
under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. We cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors.  

We are and will remain an  emerging
growth company  until the earliest to occur of (a) the last day of the fiscal year during which its total annual revenues
equal or exceed $1 billion (subject to adjustment for inflation), (b) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of its initial public offering, (c) the date on which we, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in
non-convertible debt securities, or (d) the date on which we are deemed a  large accelerated filer  (with at least $700
million in public float) under the Exchange Act. 

For so long as we remain an  emerging
growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies  as described in further detail
in the risk factors below. We cannot predict if investors will find its shares of common stock less attractive because we will
rely on some or all of these exemptions. If potential investors find our shares of common stock less attractive as a result, there
may be a less active trading market for its shares of common stock and its stock price may be more volatile. 

Notwithstanding the above, we are also
currently a  smaller reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a
majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than $75
million and annual revenues of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. 

If we avail ourselves of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements, the reduced disclosure may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to
evaluate our Company and may result in less investor confidence. 

We may require substantial additional
financing in the future, but we are uncertain whether such financing will be available to us.  

We will require significant additional
capital to expand our operations. We need approximately $500,000 in working capital requirements through 2016 into 2017. We give
no assurance that revenues from operations will generate cash flow sufficient to finance our operations and growth. We can give
you no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing or capital on terms we consider to be reasonable. 

Additional financing will be sought from
a number of sources, including but not limited to additional sales of equity or debt securities, or loans from banks, other financial
institutions or affiliates of our Company. If additional funds are raised by the issuance of our securities, such as through the
issuance of additional shares, convertible securities, then the ownership interest of our existing shareholders (including investors
in this Offering) may be diluted. If additional funds are raised by the issuance of debt or other equity instruments, we may become
subject to certain operational limitations (i.e., negative operating covenants), and such debt holders may have rights senior to
those of the holders of equity. 

If adequate funds are not available on
acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund the expansion of our business. 

We depend on our executive management
to operate our Company and the loss of certain members of management would materially and negatively affect us.  

Our success materially depends upon the
efforts of our management and other key personnel. If we lose the services of Messrs. Heineck or Kimerer or any other executive
officers or significant employees, our business would likely be materially and adversely affected. 

Our future success also depends, in part,
upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management personnel and other employees. Any difficulties in obtaining, retaining
and training qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on us. Any difficulties in obtaining and retaining qualified
officers and employees could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We may not realize a profit on our business
acquisitions in a timely manner, which could materially and adversely affect us.   

We may not realize a significant cash return
if debt service exceeds net operating income on our business acquisitions. Therefore, if any of our business activities are subject
to delays or operating losses, our growth may be hindered and our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
In addition, new acquisition activities, regardless of whether or not they are ultimately successful, typically require substantial
time and attention from management. Furthermore, maintaining our management capabilities involves significant expense, including
compensation expense for our personnel and related overhead. Therefore, if we do not realize a positive cash flow return on our
business activities in order to offset these costs and expenses, we could be materially and adversely affected. 

Conflicts of Interest  

Certain conflicts of interest may exist
between our Company and our officers and directors. They have other business interests to which they devote their attention, and
may be expected to continue to do so although management time should be devoted to the business of our Company. As a result, conflicts
of interest may arise that can be resolved only through exercise of such judgment as is consistent with fiduciary duties to our
Company. 

Need for Additional Financing  

Our Company has budgeted funds expected
to be enough to carry on the proposed business through the first quarter of 2016. In the event our Company decides to expand our
operations we may have very limited funds to do so. The ultimate success of our Company may depend upon our ability to raise additional
capital. Our Company is continuing to assess the need for additional capital. If additional capital is needed, there is no assurance
that funds will be available from any source or, if available, that they can be obtained on terms acceptable to our Company. If
not available, our Company's operations will be limited to those that can be financed with its modest capital. 

Limited Revenue History.  

Our Company must be regarded as a new or
development venture with all of the unforeseen costs, expenses, problems, risks and difficulties to which such ventures are subject. 

No Assurance of Success or Profitability.  

There is no assurance that our Company
will ever operate profitably. There is no assurance that we will generate profits, or that the value of our Company's shares will
be increased thereby. 

Lack of Diversification.  

Because of the limited financial resources
that we have, it is unlikely that we will be able to diversify our operations. Our probable inability to diversify our activities
into more than one area will subject us to economic fluctuations within our business or industry and therefore increase the risks
associated with our operations. 

Dependence upon Management. Limited
Participation of Management . 

Our Company will be heavily dependent upon
our management skills, talents, and abilities, as well as our consultants, to implement our business plan, and may, from time to
time, find that our inability to devote full time attention to the business of our Company results in a delay in progress toward
implementing our business plan. 

Dependence upon Outside Advisors.  

To supplement the business experience of
our officers and directors, we may be required to employ accountants, technical experts, appraisers, attorneys, or other consultants
or advisors. Our Company's Management, without any input from stockholders, will make the selection of any such advisors. Furthermore,
it is anticipated that such persons may be engaged on an  as needed  basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation
to our Company. In the event our Company considers it necessary to hire outside advisors, they may elect to hire persons who are
affiliates, if they are able to provide the required services. 

Based on our current cash reserves,
we will have relatively small operational budget for the operations which we cannot expand without additional raising capital .  

If we are unable to begin to generate enough
revenue to cover our operational costs, we will need to seek additional sources of funds. Currently, we have  no  committed
source for any funds as of date hereof. No representation is made that any funds will be available when needed. In the event funds
cannot be raised if and when needed, we may not be able to carry out our business plan and could fail in business as a result of
these uncertainties. 

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR STOCK   

We may, in the future, issue more shares
which could cause a loss of control by our present management and current stockholders.  

We may issue further shares as consideration
for the cash or assets or services out of our authorized but unissued common stock that would, upon issuance, represent a majority
of the voting power and equity of our Company. The result of such an issuance would be those new stockholders and management would
control our Company, and persons unknown could replace our management at this time. Such an occurrence would result in a greatly
reduced percentage of ownership of our Company by our current shareholders, which could present significant risks to investors. 

We have not paid dividends but may in
the future.  

We have not paid dividends on our common
stock. While we intend to pay dividends in future after allocating adequate reserves, we do  not  guarantee, commit and undertake
that dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. 

A limited public market exists for our
common stock at this time, and there is no assurance of a future market.  

There is a limited public market for our
common stock, and no assurance can be given that a market will continue or that a shareholder ever will be able to liquidate his
investment without considerable delay, if at all. If a market should develop, the price may be highly volatile. Factors such as
those discussed in the  Risk Factors  section may have a significant impact upon the market price of the shares offered
hereby. Due to the low price of our securities, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in our securities.
Even if a purchaser finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in our shares, the combination of brokerage commissions, state
transfer taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit
the use of our shares as collateral for any loans. 

The regulation of penny stocks by SEC
and FINRA may discourage the tradability of our securities.  

We are a  penny stock  company.
None of our securities currently trade in any market and, if ever available for trading, will be subject to a Securities and Exchange
Commission rule that imposes special sales practice requirements upon broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other
than established customers or Accredited Investors. For purposes of the rule, the phrase  Accredited Investors  means,
in general terms, institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000, or individuals having a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or
having an annual income that exceeds $200,000 (or that, when combined with a spouse's income, exceeds $300,000). For transactions
covered by the rule, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's
written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Effectively, this discourages broker-dealers from executing trades in penny
stocks. Consequently, the rule will affect the ability of purchasers in this offering to sell their securities in any market that
might develop therefore because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. 

In addition, the Securities and Exchange
Commission has adopted a number of rules to regulate  penny stocks . Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3,
15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Because our securities constitute
 penny stocks  within the meaning of the rules, the rules would apply to us and to our securities. The rules will further
affect the ability of owners of shares to sell our securities in any market that might develop for them because it imposes additional
regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. 

Shareholders should be aware that, according
to Securities and Exchange Commission, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse.
Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter
or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases;
(iii)  boiler room  practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced
sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale
dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired consequent investor
losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect
to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive
within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

Rule 144 sales in the future may have
a depressive effect on our stock price.  

Our shareholders may be able to use Rule
144 as an exemption for resale, but resales under Rule 144 could have a depressive effect on the market trading price, if any.
Investors will have no effective way to combat this. 

Rule 144 Sales  

All of the outstanding Shares will be  restricted
securities  within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As restricted Shares, these Shares
may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions
from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. 

Our stock will in all likelihood continue
to be thinly traded and as a result you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if you need to liquidate your shares.  

The shares of our common stock may continue
to be thinly-traded on the OTC Pink or OTCQB under the symbol SNNC, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing
our common shares at or near ask prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable
to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers,
institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came
to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven, early stage company
such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of any of our Securities until such time as we became more seasoned and viable.
As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our Securities is minimal or non-existent,
as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous
sales without an adverse effect on Securities price. We cannot give you any assurance that an active public trading market for
our common Securities will ever develop or be sustained, or that any trading levels will be sustained. Due to these conditions,
we can give investors no assurance that they will be able to sell their shares at or any prices or at all if they need money or
otherwise desire to liquidate their securities of our Company. 

Our common stock market prices may be
volatile, which substantially increases the risk that you may not be able to sell your Securities at or above the price that you
may pay for the security . 

Because of the limited trading market for
our common stock and because of the possible price volatility, you may not be able to sell your shares of common stock when you
desire to do so. The inability to sell your Securities in a rapidly declining market may substantially increase your risk of loss
because of such illiquidity and because the price for our Securities may suffer greater declines because of our price volatility. 

The price of our common stock that will
prevail in the market after this offering may be higher or lower than the price you may pay. Certain factors, some of which are
beyond our control, that may cause our share price to fluctuate significantly include, but are not limited to the following: 

Variations in our quarterly operating results;  

Loss of a key relationship or failure to complete significant transactions;  

Additions or departures of key personnel; and  

Fluctuations in stock market price and volume.  

Additionally, in recent years the stock
market in general, and the personal care markets in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. In some
cases, these fluctuations are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the underlying company. These market
and industry factors may materially and adversely affect our stock price, regardless of our operating performance. In the past,
class action litigation often has been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of those companies
common stock. If we become involved in this type of litigation in the future, it could result in substantial costs and diversion
of management attention and resources, which could have a further negative effect on your investment in our stock. 

Our business is highly speculative and
the investment is therefore highly risky.   

Due to the speculative nature of our business,
it is probable that the investment in shares offered hereby will result in a total loss to the investor. Investors should be able
to financially bear the loss of their entire investment. Investment should, therefore, be limited to that portion of discretionary
funds not needed for normal living purposes or for reserves for disability and retirement. 

Any economic downturn and uncertainty
in the financial markets and other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions may adversely affect our industry,
business and results of operations.  

The global credit and financial markets
have continued to experience disruptions, including diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence,
declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance
that there will not be future deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions. These economic
uncertainties affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways, making it difficult to accurately forecast and plan our future
business activities. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of any disruptions in the credit and financial markets
and adverse global economic conditions, and if any uncertain economic conditions continue or further deteriorate, our business
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Potential changes in accounting practices
and/or taxation may adversely affect our financial results.  

We cannot predict the impact that future
changes in accounting standards or practices may have on our financial results. New accounting standards could be issued that change
the way we record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect our
reported earnings. Increases in direct and indirect income tax rates could affect after tax income. Equally, increases in indirect
taxes could affect our products affordability and reduce our sales. 

We will rely on third parties for services
in conducting our business and any disruption of these relationships could adversely affect our business.  

We will have contracts with third parties.
If these relationships are disrupted for any reason our results of operation and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

There is a risk that shareholders will
never receive dividends.  

We do  not  guarantee, commit or undertake
to issue a dividend to shareholders for the next several years even if cash were available to do so as we would re-invest those
available funds back into the operations of our Company. We cannot assure shareholders that we will achieve results or maintain
a tax status that allow any specified level of cash distribution or year-to-year increases in cash distribution. 

Highly Speculative Nature of Investment.

Due to the highly speculative nature of
our business, it is likely that the investment in the shares offered hereby will result in a total loss to the investor. Investors
should be able to financially bear the loss of their entire investment. Investment should, therefore, be limited to that portion
of discretionary funds not needed for normal living purposes or for reserves for disability and retirement. 

Reporting Information.   

Our Company is not subject to the full
reporting requirements under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, only reporting under Section 15(d). As a result, shareholders
will not have access to the all of the information required to be reported by publicly held Section 12g registered companies under
the Securities and Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder. Our Company intends to provide our shareholders with annual reports
containing financial information prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles as required by Sec. 13 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Long Term Nature of Investment  

Investors should be aware of the long-term
nature of an investment in our Company. Each investor will be required to represent that the securities purchased are for their
own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards resale or distribution. The securities offered hereby may
not be negotiated, assigned, or transferred without an opinion of counsel acceptable to our Company that transfer may be made without
registration under the securities laws of the United States and applicable state laws. The securities offered hereby are restricted
securities under the applicable securities laws of the United States or of the various states unless an exemption from registration
is available. Therefore, the securities offered hereby may have to be held for an indefinite period of time. Investors who do not
wish or who are not financially able to remain as investors for a substantial and indefinite period of time are advised against
investment in the shares offered hereby. 

Limited Financing   Lack of Loan
Availability  

There is no assurance that additional monies
or financing will be available in the future or, if available, will be at terms favorable to our Company. 

 Our Company may borrow money to finance
its operations on terms to be determined. Any such borrowing will increase the risk of loss to the investor in the event our Company
is unsuccessful in repaying such loans. 

Capital Resources  

The only capital resources of our Company
are our shares. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

None 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES  

Our mailing address is 1313 E. Osborn Rd.,
Ste. #100, Phoenix, AZ 85014. The Company does not hold any real property. The officers operate virtually via the internet. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

To the best of our knowledge and belief,
there is no pending legal action against the Company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE.  

Not Applicable. 

PART II  

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON
EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   

The following table sets forth the range
of high and low sales prices for the Company s common stock for each of the fiscal quarters for the past two years as reported
on the OTC Bulletin Board. These prices represent inter-dealer prices without adjustments for mark-up, mark-down, or commission
and do not necessarily reflect actual transactions. 

Our common stock s trading symbol is  SNNC . 

Holders . As of August 31, 2016,
there were approximately 65 holders of record of the common stock. We believe that we have approximately 50 beneficial owners of
our common stock. In many instances, a registered stockholder is a broker or other entity holding shares in street name for one
or more customers who beneficially own the shares. 

Our transfer agent is Transhare Corporation
is our transfer agent. Their address is 4626 South Broadway, Englewood, CO 80113. Their telephone number is (303) 662-1112. 

Dividends.  We have not paid or declared
cash distributions or dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future due to our
illiquidity and inability to support operations to support our operations without funding from our officers, directors and shareholders.
Future cash dividends will be determined by our board of directors based upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements
and other relevant factors. We cannot provide any assurances or guarantees that any agreement for financing will not provide for
restrictions on any future dividend payments, though our existing promissory notes do not have any such provisions. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

We made no unregistered sales of our securities
from May 31, 2016 through August 31, 2016. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING
DATA   

As a  smaller reporting company 
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required by this Item. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto included herein. In connection with, and because we desire
to take advantage of, the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution
readers regarding certain forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other
statement made by, or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking
statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results
or other developments. Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject
to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many
of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual
results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or
on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements.  

The independent registered public accounting
firm s report on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of August 31, 2016, and for each of the years in
the two-year period then ended, includes a  going concern  explanatory paragraph, that describes substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  

General  

The Company was incorporated in Nevada
in June 1999. 

Between September 2000 and August 2014
the Company was in the business of selling nutritional and personal care products. 

On August 25, 2014, the Company transferred
all of its assets to Sibannac, Inc., a Colorado corporation ( Colorado Naprodis ). In consideration for the transfer
of these assets, Colorado Naprodis agreed to assume a substantial amount of the Company s liabilities. Colorado Naprodis
is controlled by Paul Petit, who was the Company s president prior to August 25, 2014. 

In connection with the assignment of the
Company s assets to Colorado Naprodis: 

Paul Petit, Jean-Phillipe Petit, Alain Petit and Kelly Thompson resigned as officers and/or directors of the Company;  

Paul Petit agreed to the cancellation of 1,175,000 shares of his common stock. These shares were returned to treasury and cancelled;  

S.A.R.L. Naprodis, which is controlled by Alain Petit, sold 1,788,000 shares of the Company s common stock to the Company for a nominal consideration. The shares sold to the Company were returned to treasury and cancelled; and  

The following persons were appointed as officers and directors of the Company:  

Daniel Allen 
       
     President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director  
 
     Chase Zeman 
       
     Secretary, Treasurer and a Director  

As a result of the disposal of the Company s
old business, the Company now plans to provide a suite of services to marijuana growers and dispensaries. 

 Marijuana cultivation and distribution
has become a viable business market with several avenues and opportunities for new products and services. Due to the uncertainty
surrounding the regulatory structure of the marijuana industry, many suppliers of products and services are hesitant to build relationships
with marijuana dispensaries and growers. In an effort to rectify this problem, the Company plans to develop a centralized platform
for the distribution of marijuana products and services. 

Initially the Company plans to provide
the following to licensed dispensaries and growers: 

assistance with regulatory compliance;  

employment, background checks and other human resource services;  

advertising and marketing; and  

capital and related financial services.  

In order to provide these products and
services, the Company plans to make acquisitions, enter into partnership, joint venture and sales distribution agreements with
unrelated parties who are already providing, or have indicated their capability to provide, these products and services. 

As of August 31, 2016, the Company had
not entered into agreements with any person relating to these products or services. 

Acquisitions to date: 

On August 19, 2015, Sibannac, Inc. ( the
Company ) signed an Asset Acquisition Agreement with Apollo Media Network, Inc. ( Apollo ), a Delaware corporation,
with an effective date of August 31, 2015, whereby all of the assets of Apollo would be acquired by the Company from Apollo. Apollo
Media Network, Inc. is a Delaware corporation that is a digital advertising platform oriental toward the cannabis industry currently
consisting of fourteen websites. 

On August 24, 2015, Sibannac, Inc. ( the
Company ) and Rimrock Insurance Consulting, Inc. ( Rimrock ) and National PEO, LLC ( National ) and
Nexus Partners Insurance, LLC ( Nexus ) entered into a Service and Strategic Partnership Agreement ( the Agreement. ).
National is in the business of providing PEO and ASO personnel and human resources back office services (collectively  Back
Ofice Services  National is related to Nexus, which brokers commercial insurance. National and Nexus desire to provide such
services to marijuana related businesses, including hemp and marijuana agribusiness clients of Sibannac and Rimrock (collectively
 S/R ) and S/R desire to enter into a contract with National and Nexus to obtain such services for their MRB clients.
This is a developing business, and does not yet have a significant client base. Revenues will be shared under a complex formula
embodied in the contract. 

On October 9, 2015, Sibannac, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, ( the Company ) entered into an Asset Acquisition Agreement ( Agreement ) with Protection Cost,
Inc. ( PCI ), a Colorado corporation, whereby all of the assets of PCI will be acquired by the Company from PCI. For
accounting purposes, the Agreement has an effective date of August 31, 2015. Protection Cost, Inc. is a Colorado corporation incorporated
on October 8, 2015. The Company is a cannabis consulting company providing consulting services for cannabis Security and Protection
companies. To date, PCI has been largely focused on the formation, developing intellectual property, and the development of a business
plan. PCI has also realized revenues from consulting services of its licensed intellectual property. 

The Company s ability to provide
capital to the marijuana industry will be dependent upon the Company s ability to raise capital through the public or private
sale of its securities. 

Results of Operations  

Since the Company has only been operating
with its current business model since The fourth quarter of 2015, a comparison of the Company s operating results for the
year ended August 31, 2016 and its financial condition as of August 31, 2016 with any prior period would not be meaningful. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

During the year ended August 31, 2016 and
August 31, 2015 the Company received $0 and $617,500 from the sale of its common stock. 

During the twelve months ending August
31, 2016 the Company estimates it will need approximately $500,000 to implement its business plan. Other than the foregoing, the
Company does not know of any trends, events or uncertainties that have had, or are reasonably expected to have, a material impact
on sales, revenues or income from continuing operations, or liquidity and capital resources. 

LIQUIDITY   

We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements.
We do have two subsidiaries that are not presented in a consolidated financial statement due to their operations having been discontinued. 

Short Term  

The Company is currently working to obtain
short-term financing to maintain operations. It is essential that the Company is successful raising additional capital to be able
to continue to operations. 

Capital Resources  

We have only common stock as our capital
resource. 

We have no material commitments for capital
expenditures within the next year, substantial capital will be needed to pay for working capital. 

Need for Additional Financing   

We do not have capital sufficient to meet
our cash needs. We will have to seek loans or equity placements to cover such cash needs. 

No commitments to provide additional funds
have been made by our management or other stockholders. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any additional funds will be
available to us to allow it to cover our expenses as they may be incurred. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

As a  smaller reporting company 
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required by this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA  

Our financial statements and supplementary
data are included herein commencing on page 23. 

SIBANNAC, INC.  

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

For the years ended August 31, 2016 and
2015  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   B F Borgers CPA,
    PC 

22 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

23 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

24 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  DEFICIT 

25 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

26 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

27 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sibannac, Inc.:  

We were engaged to audit the accompanying
balance sheets of Sibannac, Inc. ( the Company ) as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related statement of operations,
stockholders  equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
Because of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer Opinion paragraph below, however, we were not able to obtain sufficient
appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion. 

Basis for Disclaimer Opinion;  

The Company s records, support and
documentation was not sufficient to provide a basis for an audit opinion. We were unable to satisfy ourselves by other audit procedures
concerning the assets, liabilities and equity held at August 31, 2016, as well as the revenues and expenses recognized for the
year then ended. As a result of these matters, we were unable to determine whether any adjustments might have been found necessary
in respect of recorded or unrecorded assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses. 

Because of the significance of the matters
described in the Basis for Disclaimer Opinion paragraph, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
to provide a basis for an audit opinion. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion on these financial statements 

The company is not required to have, nor
were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal
control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion. 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the
Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ B F Borgers CPA PC 

B F Borgers CPA PC  
Lakewood, CO 
December 14, 2016 

SIBANNAC, INC.  

  BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements  

SIBANNAC, INC.  

  STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statements 

SIBANNAC, INC.  

  STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements 

SIBANNAC, INC.  

  STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

    For the Twelve Months Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 (Audited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited financial statements 

SIBANNAC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 August 31, 2016 

 (Audited) 

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS  

Nature of Business  

Between September 2000 and August 2014
the Company was in the business of selling nutritional and personal care products. 

On August 25, 2014, the Company transferred
all of its assets to Naprodis, Inc., a Colorado corporation ( Colorado Naprodis ). In consideration for the transfer
of these assets, Colorado Naprodis agreed to assume a substantial amount of the Company s liabilities. Colorado Naprodis
is controlled by Paul Petit, who was the Company s president prior to August 25, 2014. 

At August 31, 2015 the Company completed
the acquisition of two companies in return for the Companies common stock. They acquired Protection Cost, Inc. for 2,300,000 shares
of common stock and Apollo Media Network, Inc. for 4,500,000 shares. 

As a result of the disposal of the Company s
old business, the Company now plans to provide a variety of services to licensed marijuana growers and dispensaries. The initial
service offering will be various website marketing and professional employer organization sales. 

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements presented include
all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations
and cash flows for the period presented in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. All adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. 

These financial statements as of and for
the year ended August 31, 2015 reflect all adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary to fairly state the Company s
financial position and the results of its operations for the periods presented, in accordance with the accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. All adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. 

The Company assumes that the users of the
interim financial information herein have read, or have access to, the audited financial statements for the preceding period, and
that the adequacy of additional disclosure needed for a fair presentation may be determined in that context. 

NOTE 2   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

Cash and Cash Equivalents  
  The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
At certain times, cash in bank may exceed the amount covered by FDIC insurance. At August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 there were
deposit balances in a United States bank of $8,725 and $273,808 respectively. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The Financial Accounting Standards Board
issued ASC (Accounting Standards Codification) 820-10 (SFAS No. 157),  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  for
financial assets and liabilities. ASC 820-10 provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires expanded disclosures regarding
fair value measurements. FASB ASC 820-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received for an asset or the exit price
that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market
participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820-10 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize
the use of observable inputs, where available. The following summarizes the three levels of inputs required by the standard that
the Company uses to measure fair value: 

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities. 

Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level
1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs
that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or
no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

As of August 31, 2016, all the Company s financial instruments
are recorded at fair value. 

Intangible Assets    
Intangible assets are comprised of websites, media content and intellectual property related to the websites acquired through the
acquisition of Apollo Media Network, Inc. The Company accounts for the intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350-30-30  Intangibles
  goodwill and other  and 805-50-30 and 805-50-15 related to  Business Combinations  by recognizing the
fair value to the amount paid by the company for the asset at the time of purchase. Since Sibannac, Inc. 

At the conclusion of each reporting period
the intangible assets are evaluated for impairment. As of August 31, 2016, due to the lack of sales the Company determined it should
impair the entire remaining value of the intangible asset and at that time the remaining value was of $ was written off to impairment
expense. 

Note Receivable and Put Payable  
  As part of the acquisition of Apollo Media Network, Inc. the Company received a note receivable from the principal of Apollo
Media Network, Inc. that is due at the payers discretion from two to nine years from formation on August 31, 2014, resulting in
a long term note receivable due to the Company on August 31, 2015 to August 31, 2024. This loan accrues interest at a rate of 1.59%
and is expected to be repaid through the exercise of the related Put Option payable that was also established at the same time. 

As part of the acquisition of Apollo Media
Network, Inc. the Company issued a put option to repurchase 1,400,000 shares of common stock from the principal of Apollo Media
Network, Inc. which is to be outstanding for the same period of time as the Note Receivable described above. The exercise price
of the put is stated as being the full satisfaction of the promissory note valued at $250,000. 

The note receivable for $250,000 and the
put payable for $250,000 are linked to one another and will offset each other once the principal of Apollo Media Network, Inc.
elects to exercise. Upon their exercise no cash will exchange hands but the asset and offsetting liability will be removed from
the Companies records at that time. 

Notes payable     As
part of the acquisition of Apollo Media Networks, Inc. the company assumed liability for various notes payable due to four individual
investors ranging from $5,000 to $64,000 principle amount. These notes have a stated interest rate of 5% except for one $30,000
note that bears interest at 40%. These notes matured at various times throughout 2015. The principle balance of all notes totaled
$234,100 and accrued interest at August 31, 2015 was $20,095 for a total debt assumed of $254,195. 

The Company is currently in the process
of negotiating terms with the noteholders to convert their notes into convertible notes that can be repaid through the issuance
of the Company s common stock. There is no guarantee that the company will be able to reach terms with investors to convert
them into common stock. 

As of August 31, 2016, $234,100 principle
balance of these notes were past due. 

Quasi-Reorganization    
During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015 the Company s  shareholders approved a quasi-reorganization which has
been reflected in the accompanying financial statements by an elimination of the accumulated deficit of $3,478,477 as of August
31, 2015, and a corresponding reduction of additional paid in capital. As part of the reorganization the Company evaluated its
assets to determine if any needed to be written down to fair market value as a part of the reorganization. The Company determined
that all assets were currently being carried at fair value and no adjustment in value we required. 

Loss per share    
The Company computes net loss per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260 (SFAS No. 128  Earnings per Share 
and SAB No. 98). Under the provisions of ASC 260, the basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing the net
loss available to common stock outstanding during the period. Net loss per share on a diluted basis is computed by dividing
the net loss for the period by the weighted average number of common and dilutive common stock equivalent shares
outstanding during the period. 

The Company has no potentially dilutive securities outstanding
as of August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 We do not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operations,
financial position or cash flow. 

NOTE 3   GOING CONCERN  

As shown in the financial statements, during
the year ended August 31, 2016 the Company incurred a net loss from operations of $199,384 and a net loss of $351,019. These factors
create a substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE 4   COMMON STOCK  

On August 31, 2015 the Company completed
the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding stock of Protection Cost Inc. in return for 2,300,000 shares of common stock. 

On August 31, 2015 the Company completed
the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding stock of Apollo Media Network, Inc. in return for 3,100,000 shares of common stock. 

During the year ended August 31, 2015 the
Company sold shares of its common stock to the persons, on the dates, in the amounts, and for the consideration shown below: 

On August 31, 2015 various officers and
directors of the company returned 6,144,406 shares of common stock to the treasury for no consideration. These shares were canceled
on August 31, 2015. 

NOTE 5   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Both Protection Cost, Inc. and Apollo Media
Network, Inc. were owned and managed by individuals who were either part of management or on the board of directors of the Company.
At August 31, 2015 Mr. Kimerer resigned from the board and from the management of Sibannac, Inc. as part of the acquisition of
Apollo. 

SIBANNAC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 August 31, 2016 

 (Audited) 

NOTE 6   PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES  

The company utilizes FASB ASC 740,  Income
Taxes  which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based
on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.
Valuation allowances are established if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not
be realized. The Company generated a deferred tax credit through net operating loss carry forwards. As of August 31, 2016 the Company
had federal and state net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $914,000 ($777,000 in 2015) that can be used to offset
future taxable income. The carry forwards will begin to expire in 2016 unless utilized in earlier years. 

The income tax effect of temporary differences between financial
and tax reporting gives rise to the deferred tax asset at August 31, 2016 and 2015 as follows: 

NOTE 7   DISPOSAL OF ASSETS  

On August 25,
2014, the Company transferred all of its assets to Naprodis, Inc., a Colorado corporation ( Colorado Naprodis ).  In
consideration for the transfer of these assets, Colorado Naprodis agreed to assume a substantial amount of the Company s
liabilities.  Colorado Naprodis is controlled by a person who was the Company s president prior to August 25, 2014. 

In connection
with the assignment of the Company s assets to Colorado Naprodis: 

The Company s former officers and
directors resigned and new management was appointed;    

The Company s former president agreed
to the cancellation of 1,175,000 shares of his common stock.  These shares were returned to treasury and cancelled;    

A former principal shareholder
sold 1,788,000 shares of the Company s common stock to the Company for a nominal consideration.  The shares sold
to the Company were returned to treasury and cancelled.    

The transaction
was assessed according to guidance in ASC 810-10-40, Deconsolidation of a Subsidiary, with a gain or loss recognized as the difference
between fair value of any consideration received, and the carrying amount of the group of assets.  Since the transaction was
between officers and the Company, no gain or loss is recognized and the transaction flows through APIC. 

As a result of
this transaction, the Company recognized a total of $657,112 related to disposal of operations in APIC. 

NOTE 8   SUBSEQUENT EVENT  

There were no financially material events subsequent to year
end. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

On March 9, 2015, the Board of Directors
of the Company dismissed MALONE BAILEY, LLP, 10350 Richmond, Suite 800, Houston, TX 77042 as its independent registered public
accounting firm. Subsequently, on March 9, 2015, the independent registered public accounting firm of BF Borgers CPA, PC, 5400
W. Cedar Ave., Lakewood, CO 80226 was engaged by the Board of Directors of the Company as the Company s new independent registered
public accounting firm. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We maintain a system of disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) that is designed to provide reasonable
assurance that information that is required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management timely. 

As required by SEC Rule 15d-15(b), our
Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange
Act Rule 15d-14 as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective in timely alerting
them to material information required to be disclosed in the our periodic filings with the SEC. The determination the disclosure
controls and procedures are note effective, was based upon the factors disclosed below that have lead management to determine that
its internal control over financial reporting are not effective. 

Management s Annual Report On Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting   

Our management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), is a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;    

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and    

Provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use of disposition of our assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.    

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2015. Based on this assessment, management believes that as of
August 31, 2015, our internal control over financial reporting is not effective based on those criteria. 

Specifically, management s evaluation
identified the following material weaknesses, which existed as of August 31, 2016 

(1) 
     Financial Reporting Systems: We did not maintain a fully integrated financial consolidation and reporting system throughout the period and as a result, extensive manual analysis, reconciliation and adjustments were required in order to produce financial statements for external reporting purposes.  

(2) 
     Segregation of Duties: We do not currently have a sufficient complement of technical accounting and external reporting personal commensurate to support standalone external financial reporting under public company or SEC requirements. Specifically, the Company did not effectively segregate certain accounting duties due to the small size of its accounting staff, and maintain a sufficient number of adequately trained personnel necessary to anticipate and identify risks critical to financial reporting and the closing process. In addition, there were inadequate reviews and approvals by the Company s personnel of certain reconciliations and other processes in day-to-day operations due to the lack of a full complement of accounting staff.  

(3) 
     
         Revenue documentation: The Company did
        not maintain adequate records to support the timing of its revenue generation.   

We believe that our weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls relate in part to the fact that we are a small reporting business
with limited personnel. Management and the Board of Directors believe that the Company would need to allocate additional human
and financial resources to address these matters, which at this time the Company does not have the financial capability to remediate.
Management can give no assurances that it will ever be able to remediate such material weaknesses. 

This annual report does not include an
attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary
rules of the SEC to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   

During our most recent fiscal quarter,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the
Securities Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

PART III  

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS   

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS   

Name 
       
     Age 
       
     Position  

Richard Heineck 
       
     48 
       
     President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  
 
     Paul Dickman (1) 
       
     36 
       
     Chief Financial Officer  
 
     Chase Zeman 
       
     30 
       
     Secretary, Treasurer and Director  
 
     Travis Hair (2) 
       
     68 
       
     Director  
 
     Dan Allen (1) 
       
     64 
       
     Director and President of Sibannac HR  
 
      Kirk Kimerer (1)(3)  
       
     50 
       
     President of Sibannac Media and Former Director  

Richard Heineck, age 48, Chief Executive
Officer and Director  

Mr. Heineck was appointed a Director of
our Company and President of Sibannac HR, a division of our Company, on March 4, 2015. Mr. Heineck began his career in publishing
and advertising. Between 1991 and 1998, he managed sales, production and editorial content for 17 magazine titles. In 1998, he
started his own publishing company which he sold after two years. Between 2001 and 2004, he operated a communications and custom
publishing firm that specialized in the resort and golf real estate markets. Between 2004 and 2008, Mr. Heineck operated a boutique
finance company that aided affluent individuals and small businesses with their residential and commercial finance need. Between
2008 and 2012, Mr. Heineck was an independent consultant in the areas of sales, marketing and financing. In 2012, Mr. Heineck was
asked to consult with National PEO on their sales, marketing and operations. Having successfully impacted the firm in those areas,
he became Vice President of Sales   Marketing for National PEO, a position he has held between 2013 and March 2015. Mr. Heineck's
initiatives to revise the company's sales tactics to more effectively sell-through all of the products services resulted in significantly
higher revenue per client as well as greater retention. In 2014, he had positioned National PEO of Arizona to take advantage of
the burgeoning legal marijuana industry through being a part of the overall compliance solution that allows legal marijuana businesses
to bank. Mr. Heineck received his BA in English from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1990. 

Paul Dickman, age 36, Chief Financial
Officer  

Mr. Dickman was appointed as an officer
of our Company on March 4, 2015. Mr. Dickman has served as the Chief Financial Officer for companies in a variety of industries,
both domestically and abroad. He has successfully taken numerous companies through multiple fund raising transactions including
private placements of debt and equity and initial public offerings. In addition to his work with the Company, Mr. Dickman, since
2009, has been the principal of Breakwater Corporate Finance, a consulting firm that offers services to early stage startups, small
public companies and the brokerage community. Prior to establishing Breakwater Finance, he worked as an auditor with two large
regional accounting firms, with an emphasis in auditing small, publicly-traded companies from 2002 to 2007. Between 2007 and 2009,
Mr. Dickman was employed with a private equity investment firm in various capacities. Mr. Dickman has been CEO, President, CFO
and a Director of Safe Lane Systems, Inc. since September 2013. Mr. Dickman received a bachelor's of science degree in finance
and accounting and has been a licensed CPA since 2005. 

Chase Zeman, age 30, Secretary, Treasurer
and Director  

Mr. Zeman was appointed an officer and
director of our Company on August 25, 2014. Mr. Zeman has been a Field Improvement Specialist at RGIS, LLC since October 2013.
Prior to that time, Mr. Zeman was a District Manager at RGIS, LLC (December 2012 through October 2013) and an Area Manager/District
Manager for RGIS (October 2009 through December 2012). RGIS, LLC provides management and inventory control for large retail stores
and grocery chains. Between March 2008 and October 2009, Mr. Zeman was a Store Manager at Game Crazy, a video game retailer. Mr.
Zeman holds a Bachelors  degree in Philosophy from the University of Boulder, Colorado. 

Daniel Allen, age 65, Director  

Mr. Allen was appointed as an officer and
director of our Company on August 25, 2014. Mr. Allen has been a consultant in the areas of banking and financing for Blue Line
Protection Group, Inc. since May 2014. Between April 2014 and March 2014, Mr. Allen served as the Regional Vice President of Sunflower
Bank in Longmont, Colorado. Between June 2001 and April 2013, Mr. Allen was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mile High
Banks in Longmont, Colorado. Mr. Allen holds a Bachelor of Science in management and Finance from the University of Utah. 

Travis Hair, age 68, Director  

Mr. Hair was appointed a Director of our
Company on April 7, 2015. Mr. Hair was employed by Unigard Insurance Group between 1970 and 1979. While with Unigard, his duties
included insurance underwriting, sales management and operational management responsibilities. In 1979, Mr. Hair joined Schaefer-Smith-Ankeney
Insurance Agency as a stockholder and officer. His duties at SSA included operational management, oversight of an extensive agency
reorganization and personal insurance sales. In 2002, Mr. Hair, as the senior partner of SSA, led the sale of SSA to Compass Bank.
He supervised 130 employees as city president for SSA from 2002 until 2007. Between 2007 and 2012 Mr. Hair was the President of
Rimrock Insurance Consulting, Inc. where he worked closely with banks, insurance agencies and various professional employers organizations
seeking to build their insurance practice. Since 2012, Mr. Hair has been an associate with Crest Insurance Group. Mr. Hair graduated
from North Texas State University in 1970. 

Kirk Kimerer, age 50, President of Sibannac
Media, a division of our Company and Former Director  

Mr. Kimerer was appointed President of
our Sibannac Media, a division of our Company, on March 4, 2015. Mr. Kimerer was a Director of our Company from March 4, 2015 through
August 31, 2015. Mr. Kimerer has over 20 years of experience in overseeing digital media operations. Mr. Kimerer was President
of Apollo Media Network, a firm involved with digital media publishing, marketing and advertising, between 2013 and 2015. During
2012 and 2013 Mr. Kimerer oversaw Las Vegas Review Journal's digital media division, a property owned by Stephens Media, LLC. Between
2009 and 2012 Mr. Kimerer worked at LIN TV (NYSE: TVL) as Director of Digital Media sales. In 2008 Mr. Kimerer was Director of
Digital Media with Maverick Media, owner and operator of radio stations in small-to-medium sized US markets. During 2007 and 2008,
Mr. Kimerer was with E.W. Scripps (NYSE: SSP) as an Internet Sales Manager. Mr. Kimerer was with Belo Interactive (NYSE: BLC) from
2003 to 2007 and Gannett (NYSE: GCI) from 1999 to 2003 as a digital media executive. Between 1992 and 1997, Mr. Kimerer spearheaded
the launch of Axon Television Network. Mr. Kimerer was the inventor of Codependency, The Game. Mr. Kimerer attended the Walter
Cronkite School of Journalism, received a degree in Political Science from Arizona State University with a Special Emphasis in
Latin American Studies, a Film Certification from the University of Southern California and a Spanish Proficiency Certificate of
Completion from Salamanca, Spain. 

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

In the ordinary course of business, the
board of directors maintains a compensation committee and an audit committee. At this time, the Company s board of directors
as a whole serves as its compensation committee and audit committee. The Company s board of directors has determined that
none of the directors sitting on the audit committee qualify as a financial expert. 

The primary function of the compensation
committee is to review and make recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the compensation, including bonuses,
of our officers. 

The functions of the audit committee are
to review the scope of the audit procedures employed by our independent auditors, to review with the independent auditors our accounting
practices and policies and recommend to whom reports should be submitted, to review with the independent auditors their final audit
reports, to review with our internal and independent auditors our overall accounting and financial controls, to be available to
the independent auditors during the year for consultation, to approve the audit fee charged by the independent auditors, to report
to the board of directors with respect to such matters, and to recommend the selection of the independent auditors. 

In the absence of a separate audit committee
our Board of Directors functions as the audit committee and performs some of the same functions of an audit committee, such as
recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the annual financial statements; reviewing the independent
auditors independence, the financial statements and their audit report; and reviewing management's administration of the system
of internal accounting controls. 

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - GENERAL . 

Our directors and officers are, or may
become, in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholder and/or partners of other entities engaged
in a variety of businesses. Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest including, among other things, time, efforts, and
corporate opportunity involved in participation with such other business entities. While each officer and director of our business
is engaged in business activities outside of our business, they devote to our business such time as they believe to be necessary. 

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES  

Presently no requirement contained in our
Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which requires officers and directors of our business to disclose to us business
opportunities which come to their attention. Our officers and directors do, however, have a fiduciary duty of loyalty to us to
disclose to us any business opportunities which come to their attention, in their capacity as an officer and/or director or otherwise.
Excluded from this duty would be opportunities which the person learns about through his involvement as an officer and director
of another company. We have no intention of merging with or acquiring an affiliate, associate person or business opportunity from
any affiliate or any client of any such person. 

CODE OF ETHICS  

Due to the limited scope of our current
operations, we have not adopted a corporate code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal accounting
officer, or persons performing similar function. 

(REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY)  

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

The following table sets forth certain
information concerning compensation paid by the Company to its sole officer for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2015 and 2014
(the  Named Executive Officers ): 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE  

(3) 
     Kirk Kimerer has an employment agreement as President of Sibannac Media Division effective as of August 31, 2015 and resigned as a Director on August 31, 2015.  

EMPLOYMENT AND CONSULTING AGREEMENTS  

There are employment contracts and/or consulting
agreements with our directors or officers during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 as follows: 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS   

The following tables set forth certain
information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock, as of August 31, 2015, by: 

each person who is known by Sibannac, Inc. to own beneficially more than 5% of the Company's outstanding common stock,  

each of the Company's named executive officers and directors, and  

all executive off 
                                     icers and directors as a group.   

Shares of common stock not outstanding
but deemed beneficially owned by virtue of the right of an individual to acquire the shares of common stock within 60 days are
treated as outstanding only when determining the amount and percentage of common stock owned by such individual. Except as noted
below the table, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock shown. 

Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 governs the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. That rule provides that a beneficial owner of a security
includes any person who directly or indirectly has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such security.
Rule 13d-3 also provides that a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership
of such security within sixty days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant or conversion of a security. Any securities
not outstanding which are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the percentage of outstanding securities of the class owned by such person. Those securities are not deemed to be
outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person. Included in this table are only
those derivative securities with exercise prices that the Company believes have a reasonable likelihood of being  in the money 
within the next sixty days. 

No shareholders meetings were held in
the last fiscal year. 

I TEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

During the fiscal year there were no related
party transactions. After fiscal year end, there were several related party transactions: 

(a)  On August 19, 2015, Sibannac, Inc. ( Company ) signed an Asset Acquisition Agreement
with Apollo Media Network, Inc., ( Apollo ) a Delaware corporation, with an effective date of August 31, 2015, whereby
all of the assets of Apollo would be acquired by Sibannac, Inc. from Apollo. As a result of that transaction the following related
party transactions occurred:   

In addition, he received a put to repurchase 1,400,000 shares of common stock from him, at his request, anytime over the next nine years in order to repay NP from Kirk Kimerer of $250,000 that the Company received from Apollo.  

Apollo Media Network had $254,195 in notes receivable that Sibannac assumed along with this transaction.  

Kirk Kimmer was the owner of an LLC, Sibannac Media, LLC which owed Sibannac, Inc. $138,500. As part of the Apollo acquisition, Sibannac, Inc. forgave the debt.  

(b)  On August 24, 2015, Sibannac, Inc. ( the Company ) and Rimrock Insurance Consulting,
Inc. ( Rimrock ) and National PEO, LLC ( National ) and Nexus Partners Insurance, LLC ( Nexus )
entered into a Service and Strategic Partnership Agreement ( the Agreement. ). National is in the business of providing
PEO and ASO personnel and human resources back office services (collectively  Back Ofice Services  National is related
to Nexus, which brokers commercial insurance. National and Nexus desire to provide such services to marijuana related businesses,
including hemp and marijuana agribusiness clients of Sibannac and Rimrock (collectively  S/R ) and S/R desire to enter
into a contract with National and Nexus to obtain such services for their MRB clients. This is a developing business, and does
not yet have a significant client base. Revenues will be shared under a complex formula embodied in the contract.   

(c)  On October 9, 2015, Sibannac, Inc. entered into an Asset Acquisition Agreement with Protection
Cost, Inc., ( PCI ) a Colorado corporation, whereby all of the assets of PCI were acquired by the Company from PCI.
For accounting purposes the Agreement had effective date of August 31, 2015. As a result of that transaction the following related
party transactions occurred:   

Paul Dickman, CFO of Sibannac, Inc. and partial owner of PCI received 600,000 shares of Sibannac, Inc. common stock in exchange for his shares in PCI.  

Rich Heineck, Board member and VP of Sibannac, Inc. and partial owner of PCI received 1,700,000 shares of Sibannac, Inc. common stock in exchange for his shares in PCI.  

Director Independence  

 Our board of directors undertook its annual
review of the independence of the directors and considered whether any director had a material relationship with us or our management
that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities. As a result of this review,
the board of directors affirmatively determined that Travis Hair is  independent  as such term is used under the rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Daniel Allen, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is not considered
to be  independent.  

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES  

GENERAL. BF BORGERS, CPA, PC ( BF
BORGERS ) is the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. The Company's Board of Directors has considered
whether the provisions of audit services are compatible with maintaining BF BORGER s independence. The engagement of our
independent registered public accounting firm was approved by our board of directors functioning as our audit committee prior to
the start of the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2015. 

On March 9, 2015, the Board of Directors
of the Company dismissed MALONE BAILEY, LLP, 10350 Richmond, Suite 800, Houston, TX 77042 as its independent registered public
accounting firm. Subsequently, on March 9, 2015, the independent registered public accounting firm of BF Borgers CPA, PC, 5400
W. Cedar Ave., Lakewood, CO 80226 was engaged by the Board of Directors of the Company as the Company s new independent registered
public accounting firm. 

The following table represents aggregate
fees billed to the Company for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

All audit work was performed by the auditors'
full time employees. 

PART IV  

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The following is a complete list of exhibits
filed as part of this Form 10-K. Exhibit numbers correspond to the numbers in the Exhibit Table of Item 601 of Regulation
S-K. 

EXHIBIT  
           NUMBER    

DESCRIPTION     

31.1 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  
 
     31.2 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  
 
     32.1 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  
 
     32.2 
       
     Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  
 
     101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document (1)  
 
     101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1)  
 
     101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1)  
 
     101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1)  
 
     101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1)  
 
     101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1)  

(1)   Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SIBANNAC, INC.    

Date: December 14, 2016 
     By:  /s/ Rich Heinick   

Rich Heinick, President,  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: December 14, 2016 
     By:  /s/ Paul Dickman   

Paul Dickman, Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

In accordance with
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sibannac_10k-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT  

I, Daniel Allen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Sibannac, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e))and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a. Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's 4th quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2016 

/s/ Daniel Allen  

 Daniel Allen, 

 Chief Executive Officer   Principal Executive
Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sibannac_10k-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT  

I, Paul Dickman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Sibannac, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e))and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a. Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's 4th quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2016 

/s/ Paul Dickman  

 Paul Dickman, 

 Chief Financial Officer 

   Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sibannac_10k-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Sibannac,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ) I, Daniel Allen, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 USC section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best
of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 14, 2016 

/s/ Daniel Allen  

 Daniel Allen, 

 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive
Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall
not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sibannac_10k-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of Sibannac,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ) I, Paul Dickman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 14, 2016 

/s/ Paul Dickman  

 Paul Dickman, 

 Chief Financial Officer and Principal
Accounting Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 snnc-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 snnc-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 snnc-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 snnc-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 snnc-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 snnc-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

