<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-Q_edgar_data_1569568_0001078782-16-003965_2.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>146297</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>38672</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>75974</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078782-16-003965.hdr.sgml : 20161216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161216112602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-003965
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIGFOOT PROJECT INVESTMENTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001569568
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE DISTRIBUTION [7822]
		IRS NUMBER:				453942184
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36877
		FILM NUMBER:		162055484

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		570 EL CAMINO REAL NR-150
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-216-6554

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		570 EL CAMINO REAL NR-150
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078782-16-003965.txt : 20161216

10-Q
 1
 f10q103116_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT

Form 10-Q Quarterly Report 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
  Form 10-Q  
   
    X   .  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
 For the quarterly period ended  October 31, 2016  
   
          .  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
   
  Commission file number: 001-36877  
   
   Bigfoot Project Investments Inc.   
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada  
     
    45-3942184  
  
   (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
     
   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(415) 518-8494  
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Yes     X   .  No           .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 Yes     X   .  No           .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Ruble 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer           .  
   Accelerated filer           .  
  
   Non-accelerated filer           .  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   Smaller reporting company     X   .  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes           .  No     X   .  
   
 T The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing sales price, or the average bid and asked price on such stock, as of October 31, 2016, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, was $2,097,050. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each entity or person that, to the registrant s knowledge, owned 10% or more of registrant s outstanding common stock as of October 31, 2016 have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
   
 The number of shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding on December 15, 2016 was 208,717,000 shares.  

BIGFOOT PROJECT INVESTMENTS INC.   
  QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2016  
   
  Index to Report on Form 10-Q  

Page No.  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     
   Financial Statements 
   3 

Item 2. 
     
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   8 

Item 3. 
     
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   11 

Item 4T. 
     
   Controls and Procedures 
   11 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
     
   Legal Proceedings 
   12 

Item1A. 
     
   Risk Factors 
   12 

Item 2. 
     
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
   12 

Item 3. 
     
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
   12 

Item 4. 
     
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   12 

Item 5. 
     
   Other Information 
   12 

Item 6. 
     
   Exhibits 
   12 

Signature 
   13 

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements.  

See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements 

3 

See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements 

4 

See accompanying notes to unaudited financial statements 

5 

BIGFOOT PROJECT INVESTMENTS, INC.  
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  NOTE 1  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
   
  Organization, Nature of Business and Trade Name  
   
 A summary of significant accounting policies of Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (the  Company ), a company organized in the state of Nevada, is presented to assist in understanding the Company s financial statements. The accounting policies presented in these footnotes conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the companying financial statements. These financial statements and notes are representations of management who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity.  
   
 The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 30, 2011. The Company s administrative office is located at 570 El Camino Real NR-150, Redwood City, CA and its fiscal year ended July 31. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and the pursuit of financing. The Company was established as an entertainment investment business. 
   
 The Company s mission is to create exciting and interesting proprietary investment projects, entertainment properties surrounding the mythology, research, and potential capture of the creature known as Bigfoot. The Company performs research in determining the existence of this elusive creature. For the past six years the research team, members of management have performed research on various expeditions investigating sightings throughout the United States and Canada. 
   
 The Company s competitive advantage is the in-house knowledge and the advanced level of maturity of its various projects developed and currently owned by our officers and controlling shareholder. The Company will capitalize on the current projects through contractual agreements which allow the Company to continue to create media properties and establish physical locations, partnerships, and strategic alliances with other organizations to create revenue as a stand-alone business. 
   
  Basis of Presentation  
   
 The accompanying balance sheet as of October 31, 2016, has been derived from the audited financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2016. The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual audited financial statements and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial statements. In the opinion of management such unaudited information includes all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation of this interim information. Operating results and cash flows for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be expected for the entire year. The information included in this report should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto included in our 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2016 filed on SEC website on December 9, 2016. 
   
  NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN  
   
 The Company s financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of American applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company does not have significant cash or other current assets, nor does it have an established source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and to allow it to continue as a going concern. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
   
 Under the going concern assumption, an entity is ordinarily viewed as continuing in business for the foreseeable future with neither the intention nor the necessity of liquidation, ceasing trading, or seeking protection from creditors pursuant to laws or regulations. Accordingly, assets and liabilities are recorded on the basis that the entity will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. 
   
 The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the preceding paragraph and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

6 

In the coming year, the Company s foreseeable cash requirements will relate to continual development of the operations of its business, maintaining its good standing and making the requisite filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and payment of expenses associated with operations and business developments. The Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital. 
   
 Historically, it has mostly relied upon internally generated funds such as shareholder loans and advances to finance its operation and growth. Management may raise additional capital by future public or private offerings of the Company s stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be no assurance that it will be able to obtain such financing. The Company s failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect upon it and its shareholders. 
   
  NOTE 3   ADVANCE FROM SHAREHOLDERS  
   
 In the quarter ending October 31, 2016, additional advances from shareholders were received in the amount of $5,570. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand. The total advances from shareholders as of July 31, 2016 were $17,681 and as of October 31, 2016 were $23,250.  
   
  NOTE 4   PROMISSORY NOTE   RELATED PARTY  
   
 In January 2013, Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. executed a promissory note in the amount of $484,029 as part of the asset transfer agreement for the transfer of all assets held by Searching for Bigfoot, Inc. In August 2013, the Company increased the balance of the promissory note by $489 to add an asset that was not included in the original transfer The terms of the note are that the unpaid principle and the accrued interest are payable in full on January 31, 2017.  
   
 The interest rate stated on the note is 4.0% (four percent). Monthly payments are not required in the note; however, the note does contain a prepayment clause that allows for payments to be made prior to the due date with no detrimental effects. 
   
 Interest expense for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 was $4,840. 
   
  NOTE 5 - CAPITAL STOCK  
   
 As of September 13, 2016, a new S1 registration was declared effective. The second offering provided for 20,000,000 shares at a share price of 0.75 cents. No shares have been sold from this offering. 
   
 The Company has 208,717,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2016 and October 31, 2016.  
   
  NOTE 6   ADVISORY AGREEMENTS  
   
 On May 1, 2016, the Company entered into two agreements with Surf Financial and William Hiney (collectively, the  Advisors ) to provide advisory services to the Company. Compensation under each agreement was contingent upon each Advisor s performance for an initial six-month period expiring on November 2, 2016 (the  Contingency Period ).  
   
 Specifically, under each agreement, respectively, the Advisors were required to provide management consulting, business development services, strategic planning, marketing and public relations. If in the initial six-month contingent period, each Advisor was required to provide its or his best efforts to provide the advisory services described in each agreement; otherwise, the Company in its sole and absolute discretion could unilaterally cancel the agreements at the end of the Contingency Period and each agreement would be automatically null and void thereby terminating entirely the Advisors  right to compensation. As compensation, the Company shall issue to the Advisors 4,000,000 shares and 1,000,000 shares, respectively, of restricted common stock, subject to rescission and redemption at the end of the Contingency Period by the Company. The value placed upon the shares was $0.10 per share as this was considered fair value of the Company s common stock based upon its recently completed S-1 offering registered with the SEC. Fair value of the shares to be issued pursuant to the agreements was $500,000. The company recognized stock compensation in the amount of $250,000 which represents the fair value of the vested shares from May 1, 2016 through July 31, 2016. 
   
 The Company recognized stock compensation of $250,000 pursuant to the advisory agreements for the quarter ended October 31, 2016.  
   
  NOTE 7 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
   
 On November 26, 2016 the Company entered into a rescission and release agreement with the Advisors (see Note 8   Advisory Agreements) whereby the Company agreed to issue 900,000 and 200,000 shares of its common stock as full satisfaction of the Advisory Agreements.  

7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements and involves risks and uncertainties that could materially affect expected results of operations, liquidity, cash flows, and business prospects. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding: 

our ability to diversify our operations; 

inability to raise additional financing for working capital; 

the fact that our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results of operations, and they may require our management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain; 

our ability to attract key personnel; 

our ability to operate profitably; 

our ability to generate sufficient funds to operate the Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. operations, upon completion of our acquisition; 

deterioration in general or regional economic conditions; 

adverse state or federal legislation or regulation that increases the costs of compliance, or adverse findings by a regulator with respect to existing operations; 

changes in U.S. GAAP or in the legal, regulatory and legislative environments in the markets in which we operate; 

the inability of management to effectively implement our strategies and business plan; 

inability to achieve future sales levels or other operating results; 

the unavailability of funds for capital expenditures; 

other risks and uncertainties detailed in this report; 
   
 as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in particular, the risks discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A and those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
   
  References in the following discussion and throughout this quarterly report to  we ,  our ,  us ,  Bigfoot Project ,  the Company , and similar terms refer to Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires.  
   
  OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK  
   
  Background  
   
 In January 2013, Bigfoot Project Investments Inc. acquired all the assets of Searching for Bigfoot Inc. Since the majority shareholder of Searching for Bigfoot, Inc. is also the majority shareholder in Bigfoot Project Investments Inc. the asset acquisition was treated as a related party transaction and was not considered an arm s length transaction under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.  

8 

The assets acquired were transferred over at the existing book value listed on the balance sheet of Searching for Bigfoot, Inc. at the time of transfer. The transfer agreement called for the issuance of 4,400,000 shares of common stock which were valued at $.10 per share and the issuance of a promissory note in the amount of $484,029. The Company recorded a deemed distribution related to this transaction in the amount of $924,029. In August 2013, the Company increased the promissory note by $489 to add an asset that was not included in the original transfer. 
   
 As part of the asset transfer agreement Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. received the following assets: 

Footprint cast of Bigfoot   73 original casts 

Photographs of Dead Creature from Strickler, Arkansas 1994 Dear Creature Incident 

109-inch Skeleton  

Various Media Artifacts   Video TV News Media   52 news stories 

Contract to sell Dinosaur fossil   most recent estimate by Paleontologist $1.2 million dollars 

Rubber suit from 2008 hoax 

Various DNA samples   Hair, and nails 

License to use 6 dinosaur displays 

Exclusive rights to the Bigfoot Website 

Exclusive rights to the Bigfoot Live Radio Show 

Exclusive rights to the Bigfoot Live Radio Show Website 

360 hours of raw footage from expeditions for movie development 

Various DVD Movies and Documentary film projects 

Exclusive rights to all current contracts negotiated under Searching For Bigfoot, Inc. 
   
 The above list is a complete list of the fixed assets for Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. 
   
 We are a company who has, over the past year, developed nine DVD Movies; eight of which have been completed for distribution and one which is currently in the final stages of completion for distribution. We have established a contract with a Media Marketing Distribution Company (The Bosko Group), who has contracted six of the nine DVD movies to their distribution agents. We are a company with only minimal revenues to date: we have minimal assets, and have incurred losses since inception. 
   
 Bigfoot Project Investments Inc. plans to establish itself as the most reliable and dependable source for materials including documentaries, physical evidence, and eye witness accounts for the purpose of documenting the evidence of the existence of Bigfoot. Our major source of revenue will be the sale of documentaries and specials that follow our progress. We have found that there is a market for these films and have started selling them on a semi-regular basis. In addition to the film sales we plan on having expeditions to locations where there have been multiple eye witness accounts as well as periodic exhibitions of the physical evidence that has been accumulated. We plan on focusing our efforts on expeditions to locations that have had multiple eye witness reports to maximize the chances of locating the creature and producing films that will be marketable to the public.  

9 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
   
 During the three months ended October 31, 2016, we generated revenue of 1,301. During the three months ended October 31, 2015, we generated revenue of $1,360.  
   
 Operating expenses during the three months ended October 31, 2016 were $255,787. Operating expenses during the three months ended October 31, 2015 were $10,563. Operating expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2015 consisted of professional fees of $8,300 and general and administrative fees of $2,263. Operating expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2016 consisted of professional fees of $3,075, expedition expense of $320, stock compensation for advisory services $250,000 and general and administrative fees of $2,392. Expenses increased during 2016 mainly due to the advisory services agreements. 
   
 There is significant uncertainty projecting future profitability due to our history of losses and lack of revenues. In our current state we have no recurring or guaranteed source of revenues and cannot predict when, if ever, we will become profitable. There is significant uncertainty projecting future profitability due to our minimal operating history and lack of guaranteed ongoing revenue streams. 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   
   
 As of October 31, 2016, we had $510 in cash and did not have any other cash equivalents. The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this Quarterly Report. To date, we have financed our operations through the issuance of stock and borrowings. 
   
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015: 

Since inception, we have financed our cash flow requirements through issuance of common stock and debt financing. As we expand our activities, we may, and most likely will, continue to experience net negative cash flows from operations, pending receipt of listings or some form of advertising revenues. We anticipate obtaining additional financing to fund operations through additional common stock offerings, to the extent available, or to obtain additional financing to the extent necessary to augment our working capital. 
   
 We anticipate that we will incur operating losses in the next twelve months. Our lack of operating history makes predictions of future operating results difficult to ascertain. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, obtain a customer base, implement and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy, continually develop and upgrade our website, provide national and regional industry participants with an effective, efficient and accessible website on which to promote their products and services through the Internet, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
   
   Operating activities   
   
 Net cash used in operating activities was $5,712 for the period ended October 31, 2016, as compared to $11,116 used in operating activities for the period ended October 31, 2015.  
   
   Investing activities   
   
 Net cash used in investing activities was $0 for the period ended October 31, 2016, as compared to $0 used in investing activities for the same period in 2015. 

10 

Financing activities   
   
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the period ended October 31, 2016 was $5,570 as compared to $11,326 for the same period of 2015.  
   
 We believe that cash flow from operations will not meet our present and near-term cash needs and thus we will require additional cash resources, including the sale of equity or debt securities, to meet our planned capital expenditures and working capital requirements for the next 12 months. We will require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions, implementation of our strategy to expand our sales and marketing initiatives, increase brand awareness, or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. If our own financial resources and then current cash-flows from operations are insufficient to satisfy our capital requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit facilities. The sale of additional equity securities will result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness will result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that could restrict our operations or modify our plans to grow the business. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any failure by us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us, or at all, will limit our ability to expand our business operations and could harm our overall business prospects. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  
   
 This item is not applicable as we are currently considered a smaller reporting company. 
   
  Item 4T. Controls and Procedures  
   
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
   
 Our Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the period covered by this Report. Based on that evaluation, it was concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not designed at a reasonable assurance level and are not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
   
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
   
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
   Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures   
   
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

11 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  
   
 We are not a party to any material legal proceedings. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors  
   
 The risk factors listed in our S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission, are hereby incorporated by reference. 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  
   
  Stock Issuances  
   
 None. 
   
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
   
 We did not repurchase any of our equity securities from the time of our inception through the period ended October 31, 2016. 
   
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 5. Other Information.  
   
 None. 
   
  Item 6. Exhibits.  

12 

SIGNATURE  
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BIGFOOT PROJECT INVESTMENTS INC.   

Date: December 15, 2016 
     
   By: 
    /s/ Tom Biscardi  

Tom Biscardi 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and duly authorized signatory) 

13 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q103116_ex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14  
   
 I, Thomas Biscardi, certify that:  
   
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc.; 
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
   
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
   
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 (b)Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
   
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
   
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
   
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: December 15, 2016 
   
   /s/ Thomas Biscardi   
 By: Thomas Biscardi 
 Its: Principal Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q103116_ex31z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 Section 302 Certification 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14  
   
 I, Sara Reynolds, certify that:  
   
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc.; 
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
   
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
   
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 (b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
   
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
   
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
   
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: December 15, 2016 
   
   /s/ Sara Reynolds   
 By: Sara Reynolds 
 Its: Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q103116_ex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 Section 906 Certification 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending October 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas Biscardi, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 
   
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/    Thomas Biscardi   
 By: Thomas Biscardi 
 Principal Executive Officer 
   
 Dated: December 15, 2016 
   
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q103116_ex32z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 Section 906 Certification 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bigfoot Project Investments, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending October 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Sara Reynolds, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 
   
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
   
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Sara Reynolds   
 By: Sara Reynolds 
 Principal Financial Officer 
   
 Dated: December 15, 2016 
   
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

