<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_718413_0001654954-16-003720_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8535166</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138933</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>301453</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3936042</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2693102</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1176028</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>68</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003720.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110105712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003720
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMUNITY BANCORP /VT
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000718413
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				030284070
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-16435
		FILM NUMBER:		161986551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4811 US ROUTE 5
		CITY:			DERBY
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05829
		BUSINESS PHONE:		802-334-7915

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4811 US ROUTE 5
		CITY:			NEWPORT
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05855

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003720.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 cmtv_10qseptember2016.htm
 PRIMARY DOCUMENT

Blueprint 

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM
10-Q 

[ x ]  QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the
Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

[   ]  TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the
transition period from                  to                    

Commission
File Number 000-16435 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the Registrant was required to file for such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.  Yes ( X )  No
(  ) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). YES ( X ) NO (
) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large
accelerated filer (  ) 

Accelerated
filer (  ) 

Non-accelerated
filer (  ) (Do not check if a smaller reporting
company) 

Smaller
reporting company ( X ) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

YES
(  )     NO(X) 

At
November 09, 2016, there were 5,042,934 shares outstanding of the
Corporation's common stock. 

1 

FORM
10-Q 

Index 

Page   

PART
I 

FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item
1 

Financial
Statements 

3   

Item
2 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

31   

Item
3 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

53   

Item
4 

Controls
and Procedures 

53   

PART
II 

OTHER
INFORMATION 

Item
1 

Legal
Proceedings 

53   

Item
2 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

54   

Item
6 

Exhibits 

54   

Signatures 

55   

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements
(Unaudited) 

The
following are the unaudited consolidated financial statements for
Community Bancorp. and Subsidiary, "the Company". 

3 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements 

4 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

5 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

6 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

7 

8 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Consolidation 

The
interim consolidated financial statements of Community Bancorp. and
Subsidiary are unaudited. All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion
of management, all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation
of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
contained herein have been made. The unaudited consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year
ended December 31, 2015 contained in the Company's Annual Report on
Form 10-K. The results of operations for the interim period are not
necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected
for the full annual period ending December 31, 2016, or for any
other interim period. 

Certain
amounts in the 2015 unaudited consolidated income statements have
been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation.
Reclassifications had no effect on prior period net income or
shareholders  equity. 

Note 2. Recent Accounting Developments 

In
January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic
825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities . This guidance changes how entities
account for equity investments that do not result in consolidation
and are not accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
This guidance also changes certain disclosure requirements and
other aspects of current accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). Public businesses must
use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of
financial instruments for disclosure purposes. This guidance is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim periods within the fiscal year. The Company is
evaluating the impact of the adoption of the ASU on its
consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  (Topic 842). The ASU was issued
to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by
recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet
and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The ASU
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
application of the amendments in the ASU is permitted for all
entities. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of
the ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Financial
Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit
Losses on Financial Instruments  . Under the new guidance, which will replace the
existing incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses, banks
and other lending institutions will be required to recognize the
full amount of expected     credit losses. The new guidance, which is referred
to as the current expected credit loss model, requires that
expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting
date that are accounted for at amortized cost be measured and
recognized based on historical experience and current and
reasonably supportable forecasted conditions to reflect the full
amount of expected credit losses.   A modified version of these requirements also
applies to debt securities classified as available for sale.
T  h  e ASU   i  s
effec  ti  ve for     fisca  l years
be  g  inn  i  n  g
aft  er De  c  ember 15,
2019, in  c  lu  d  ing
in  teri  m p  e  rio  ds
w  i  t  hin 
 t  ho  se 
 fiscal   years.   Early
adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, including interim periods within such years. The Company is
evaluating the impact     of the adoption of the ASU on its consolidated
financial statements.  

Note 3.  Earnings per Common Share 

Earnings
per common share amounts are computed based on the weighted average
number of shares of common stock issued during the period
(retroactively adjusted for stock splits and stock dividends, if
any), including Dividend Reinvestment Plan shares issuable upon
reinvestment of dividends declared, and reduced for shares held in
treasury. 

10 

The
following tables illustrate the calculation of earnings per common
share for the periods presented, as adjusted for the cash dividends
declared on the preferred stock: 

Note 4.  Investment Securities 

Securities
available-for-sale (AFS) and held-to-maturity (HTM) as of the
balance sheet dates consisted of the following: 

11 

*Method
used to determine fair value of HTM securities rounds values to
nearest thousand. 

U.S.
GSE debt securities, Agency MBS securities and certificates of
deposit (CDs) held for investment with a book value of $29,105,283
and a fair value of $29,412,216 collateralized repurchase
agreements at September 30, 2016. These repurchase agreements
mature daily. 

The
scheduled maturities of debt securities AFS were as
follows: 

Because
the actual maturities of Agency MBS usually differ from their
contractual maturities due to the right of borrowers to prepay the
underlying mortgage loans, usually without penalty, those
securities are not presented in the table by contractual maturity
date. 

12 

The
scheduled maturities of debt securities HTM were as
follows: 

*Method
used to determine fair value of HTM securities rounds values to
nearest thousand. 

There
were no debt securities HTM in an unrealized loss position as of
the balance sheet dates. There were no debt securities AFS in an
unrealized loss position greater than 12 months as of the balance
sheet dates. Debt securities AFS with unrealized losses as of the
balance sheet dates are presented in the table below. 

Debt
securities in the table above consisted of one U.S. GSE debt
security and four Agency MBS securities at September 30, 2016, six
U.S. GSE debt securities, twelve Agency MBS and six CDs held for
investment at December 31, 2015, and five Agency MBS securities and
two CDs at September 30, 2015. The unrealized losses for all
periods presented were principally attributable to changes in
prevailing interest rates for similar types of securities and not
deterioration in the creditworthiness of the issuer. 

13 

Management
evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least
on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market
conditions, or adverse developments relating to the issuer, warrant
such evaluation. Consideration is given to (1) the length of time
and the extent to which the fair value has been less than the
carrying value, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects
of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability of the Company to
retain its investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for
any anticipated recovery in fair value. In analyzing an issuer's
financial condition, management considers whether the securities
are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether
downgrades by bond rating agencies or other adverse developments in
the status of the securities have occurred, and the results of
reviews of the issuer's financial condition. As of September 30,
2016, there were no declines in the fair value of any of the
securities reflected in the table above that were deemed by
management to be other than temporary. 

Note 5. Loans, Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit
Quality 

The
composition of net loans as of the balance sheet dates was as
follows: 

The
following is an age analysis of loans (including non-accrual), by
portfolio segment: 

14 

For all
loan segments, loans over 30 days past due are considered
delinquent. 

As of
September 30, 2016, there were six residential mortgage loans in
process of foreclosure totaling $250,413, compared to five
residential mortgage loans totaling $400,905 as of December 31,
2015, and four residential mortgages loans totaling $370,413 as of
September 30, 2015. 

Allowance for loan losses 

The
allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for
loan losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged against
the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a
loan balance is probable. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are
credited to the allowance. 

Unsecured
loans, primarily consumer loans, are charged off when they become
uncollectible and no later than 120 days past due. Unsecured loans
to customers who subsequently file bankruptcy are charged off
within 30 days of receipt of the notification of filing or by the
end of the month in which the loans become 120 days past due,
whichever occurs first. For secured loans, both residential and
commercial, the potential loss on impaired loans is carried as a
loan loss reserve specific allocation; the loss portion is charged
off when collection of the full loan appears unlikely. The
unsecured portion of a real estate loan is that portion of the loan
exceeding the "fair value" of the collateral less the estimated
cost to sell. Value of the collateral is determined in accordance
with the Company s appraisal policy. The unsecured portion of
an impaired real estate secured loan is charged off by the end of
the month in which the loan becomes 180 days past due. 

As
described below, the allowance consists of general, specific and
unallocated components. However, the entire allowance is available
to absorb losses in the loan portfolio, regardless of specific,
general and unallocated components considered in determining the
amount of the allowance. 

General component 

The
general component of the allowance for loan losses is based on
historical loss experience, adjusted for qualitative factors and
stratified by the following loan segments: commercial and
industrial, commercial real estate, residential real estate first
(1 st )
lien, residential real estate junior (Jr) lien and consumer loans.
The Company does not disaggregate its portfolio segments further
into classes. Loss ratios are calculated by loan segment for one
year, two year, three year, four year and five year look back
periods. The highest loss ratio among these look-back periods is
then applied against the respective segment. Management uses an
average of historical losses based on a time frame appropriate to
capture relevant loss data for each loan segment. This historical
loss factor is adjusted for the following qualitative factors:
levels of and trends in delinquencies and non-performing loans,
levels of and trends in loan risk groups, trends in volumes
and 

15 

terms
of loans, effects of any changes in loan related policies,
experience, ability and the depth of management, documentation and
credit data exception levels, national and local economic trends,
external factors such as competition and regulation and lastly,
concentrations of credit risk in a variety of areas, including
portfolio product mix, the level of loans to individual borrowers
and their related interests, loans to industry segments, and the
geographic distribution of commercial real estate loans. This
evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that
are susceptible to revision as more information becomes
available. 

The
qualitative factors are determined based on the various risk
characteristics of each loan segment. The Company has policies,
procedures and internal controls that management believes are
commensurate with the risk profile of each of these segments. Major
risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as
follows: 

Commercial   Industrial    Loans in this segment
include commercial and industrial loans and to a lesser extent
loans to finance agricultural production. Commercial loans are made
to businesses and are generally secured by assets of the business,
including trade assets and equipment. While not the primary
collateral, in many cases these loans may also be secured by the
real estate of the business. Repayment is expected from the cash
flows of the business. A weakened economy, soft consumer spending,
unfavorable foreign trade conditions and the rising cost of labor
or raw materials are examples of issues that can impact the credit
quality in this segment. 

Commercial Real Estate    Loans in this segment are
principally made to businesses and are generally secured by either
owner-occupied, or non-owner occupied commercial real estate. A
relatively small portion of this segment includes farm loans
secured by farm land and buildings. As with commercial and
industrial loans, repayment of owner-occupied commercial real
estate loans is expected from the cash flows of the business and
the segment would be impacted by the same risk factors as
commercial and industrial loans. The non-owner occupied commercial
real estate portion includes both residential and commercial
construction loans, vacant land and real estate development loans,
multi-family dwelling loans and commercial rental property loans.
Repayment of construction loans is expected from permanent
financing takeout; the Company generally requires a commitment or
eligibility for the take-out financing prior to construction loan
origination. Real estate development loans are generally repaid
from the sale of the subject real property as the project
progresses. Construction and development lending entail additional
risks, including the project exceeding budget, not being
constructed according to plans, not receiving permits, or the
pre-leasing or occupancy rate not meeting expectations. Repayment
of multi-family loans and commercial rental property loans is
expected from the cash flow generated by rental payments received
from the individuals or businesses occupying the real estate.
Commercial real estate loans are impacted by factors such as
competitive market forces, vacancy rates, cap rates, net operating
incomes, lease renewals and overall economic demand. In addition,
loans in the recreational and tourism sector can be affected by
weather conditions, such as unseasonably low winter snowfalls.
Commercial real estate lending also carries a higher degree of
environmental risk than other real estate lending. 

Residential Real Estate - 1  st 
 Lien    All loans in
this segment are collateralized by first mortgages on 1   4
family owner-occupied residential real estate and repayment is
dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. The
overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and
housing prices, has an impact on the credit quality of this
segment. 

Residential Real Estate   Jr Lien    All loans in
this segment are collateralized by junior lien mortgages on 1
  4 family residential real estate and repayment is primarily
dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. The
overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and
housing prices, has an impact on the credit quality of this
segment. 

Consumer    Loans in this segment are made to
individuals for consumer and household purposes. This segment
includes both loans secured by automobiles and other consumer
goods, as well as loans that are unsecured. This segment also
includes overdrafts, which are extensions of credit made to both
individuals and businesses to cover temporary shortages in their
deposit accounts and are generally unsecured. The Company maintains
policies restricting the size and term of these extensions of
credit. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment
rates, has an impact on the credit quality of this
segment. 

Specific component 

The
specific component of the allowance for loan losses relates to
loans that are impaired. Impaired loans are loan(s) to a borrower
that in the aggregate are greater than $100,000 and that are in
non-accrual status or are troubled debt restructurings (TDR)
regardless of amount. A specific allowance is established for an
impaired loan when its estimated impaired basis is less than the
carrying value of the loan. For all loan segments, except consumer
loans, a loan is considered impaired when, based on current
information and events, in management s estimation it is
probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled
payments of principal or interest when due according to the
contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by
management in determining impairment include payment status,
collateral value and probability of collecting scheduled principal
and interest payments when due. Loans that experience 

16 

insignificant
or temporary payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are
not classified as impaired. Management evaluates the significance
of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis,
taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the
loan and the borrower, including the length and frequency of the
delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior
payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the
principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan by
loan basis, by either the present value of expected future cash
flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the
loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the
collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 

Impaired
loans also include troubled loans that are restructured. A TDR
occurs when the Company, for economic or legal reasons related to
the borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to
the borrower that would otherwise not be granted. TDRs may include
the transfer of assets to the Company in partial satisfaction of a
troubled loan, a modification of a loan s terms, or a
combination of the two. 

Large
groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively
evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not
separately identify individual consumer loans for impairment
evaluation, unless such loans are subject to a restructuring
agreement. 

Unallocated component 

An
unallocated component of the allowance for loan losses is
maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect
management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated
component reflects management s estimate of the margin of
imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the
methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the
portfolio. 

The
tables below summarize changes in the allowance for loan losses and
select loan information, by portfolio segment, for the periods
indicated. 

As of or for the three months ended September 30, 2016 

17 

As of or for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 

As of or for the year ended December 31, 2015 

As of or for the three months ended September 30, 2015 

18 

As of or for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

Impaired
loans, by portfolio segment, were as follows: 

(1) For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 

(2) For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 

19 

(1) For
the three months ended September 30, 2015 

(2) For
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 

Interest
income recognized on impaired loans was immaterial for all periods
presented. 

For all
loan segments, the accrual of interest is discontinued when a loan
is specifically determined to be impaired or when the loan is
delinquent 90 days and management believes, after considering
collection efforts and other factors, that the borrower's financial
condition is such that collection of interest is considered by
management to be doubtful. Any unpaid interest previously accrued
on those loans is reversed from income. Interest income is
generally not recognized on specific impaired loans unless the
likelihood of further loss is considered by management to be
remote. Interest payments received on impaired loans are generally
applied as a reduction of the loan principal balance. Loans are
returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest
amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments
are considered by management to be reasonably assured. 

20 

Credit Quality Grouping 

In
developing the allowance for loan losses, management uses credit
quality grouping to help evaluate trends in credit quality. The
Company groups credit risk into Groups A, B and C. The manner the
Company utilizes to assign risk grouping is driven by loan purpose.
Commercial purpose loans are individually risk graded while the
retail portion of the portfolio is generally grouped by delinquency
pool. 

Group A loans - Acceptable
Risk      are
loans that are expected to perform as agreed under their respective
terms. Such loans carry a normal level of risk that does not
require management attention beyond that warranted by the loan or
loan relationship characteristics, such as loan size or
relationship size. Group A loans include commercial purpose loans
that are individually risk rated and retail loans that are rated by
pool. Group A retail loans include both performing consumer and
residential real estate loans. Residential real estate loans are
loans to individuals secured by 1-4 family homes, including first
mortgages, home equity and home improvement loans. Loan balances
fully secured by deposit accounts or that are fully guaranteed by
the Federal Government are considered acceptable risk. 

Group B loans   Management
Involved  - are loans that require greater attention than the
acceptable loans in Group A. Characteristics of such loans may
include, but are not limited to, borrowers that are experiencing
negative operating trends such as reduced sales or margins,
borrowers that have exposure to adverse market conditions such as
increased competition or regulatory burden, or borrowers that have
had unexpected or adverse changes in management. These loans have a
greater likelihood of migrating to an unacceptable risk level if
these characteristics are left unchecked. Group B is limited to
commercial purpose loans that are individually risk
rated. 

Group C loans   Unacceptable Risk 
  are loans that have distinct shortcomings that require a
greater degree of management attention. Examples of these
shortcomings include a borrower's inadequate capacity to service
debt, poor operating performance, or insolvency. These loans are
more likely to result in repayment through collateral liquidation.
Group C loans range from those that are likely to sustain some loss
if the shortcomings are not corrected, to those for which loss is
imminent and non-accrual treatment is warranted. Group C loans
include individually rated commercial purpose loans and retail
loans adversely rated in accordance with the Federal Financial
Institutions Examination Council s Uniform Retail Credit
Classification Policy. Group C retail loans include 1-4 family
residential real estate loans and home equity loans past due 90
days or more with loan-to-value ratios greater than 60%, home
equity loans 90 days or more past due where the bank does not hold
first mortgage, irrespective of loan-to-value, loans in bankruptcy
where repayment is likely but not yet established, and lastly
consumer loans that are 90 days or more past due. 

Commercial purpose
loan ratings are assigned by the commercial account officer; for
larger and more complex commercial loans, the credit rating is a
collaborative assignment by the lender and the credit analyst. The
credit risk rating is based on the borrower's expected performance,
i.e., the likelihood that the borrower will be able to service its
obligations in accordance with the loan terms. Credit risk ratings
are meant to measure risk versus simply record history. Assessment
of expected future payment performance requires consideration of
numerous factors. While past performance is part of the overall
evaluation, expected performance is based on an analysis of the
borrower's financial strength, and historical and projected factors
such as size and financing alternatives, capacity and cash flow,
balance sheet and income statement trends, the quality and
timeliness of financial reporting, and the quality of the
borrower s management. Other factors influencing the credit
risk rating to a lesser degree include collateral coverage and
control, guarantor strength and commitment, documentation,
structure and covenants and industry conditions. There are
uncertainties inherent in this process. 

Credit
risk ratings are dynamic and require updating whenever relevant
information is received. The risk ratings of larger or more complex
loans, and Group B and C rated loans, are assessed at the time of
their respective annual reviews, during quarterly updates, in
action plans or at any other time that relevant information
warrants update. Lenders are required to make immediate disclosure
to the Chief Credit Officer of any known increase in loan risk,
even if considered temporary in nature. 

21 

The
risk ratings within the loan portfolio, by segment, as of the
balance sheet dates were as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016 

As of December 31, 2015 

As of September 30, 2015 

Modifications of Loans and TDRs 

A loan is classified as a TDR if, for economic or legal reasons
related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Company
grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise
consider. 

The Company is deemed to have granted such a concession if it has
modified a troubled loan in any of the following ways: 

Reduced
accrued interest; 

Reduced
the original contractual interest rate to a rate that is below the
current market rate for the borrower; 

Converted
a variable-rate loan to a fixed-rate loan; 

Extended
the term of the loan beyond an insignificant delay; 

Deferred
or forgiven principal in an amount greater than three months of
payments; or 

Performed
a refinancing and deferred or forgiven principal on the original
loan. 

An insignificant delay or insignificant shortfall in the amount of
payments typically would not require the loan to be accounted for
as a TDR. However, pursuant to regulatory guidance, any payment
delay longer than three months is generally not considered
insignificant. Management s assessment of whether a
concession has been granted also takes into account payments
expected to be received from third parties, including third-party
guarantors, provided that the third party has the ability to
perform on the guarantee. 

22 

The Company s TDRs are principally a result of extending loan
repayment terms to relieve cash flow difficulties. The Company has
only, on a limited basis, reduced interest rates for borrowers
below the current market rate for the borrower. The Company has not
forgiven principal or reduced accrued interest within the terms of
original restructurings, nor has it converted variable rate terms
to fixed rate terms. However, the Company evaluates each TDR
situation on its own merits and does not foreclose the granting of
any particular type of concession. 

New
TDRs, by portfolio segment, during the periods presented were as
follows: 

23 

The
TDR s for which there was a payment default during the twelve
month periods presented were as follows: 

Twelve months ended September 30, 2016 

Year ended December 31, 2015 

Twelve months ended September 30, 2015 

TDRs
are treated as other impaired loans and carry individual specific
reserves with respect to the calculation of the allowance for loan
losses. These loans are categorized as non-performing, may be past
due, and are generally adversely risk rated. The TDRs that have
defaulted under their restructured terms are generally in
collection status and their reserve is typically calculated using
the fair value of collateral method. At September 30, 2016, the
specific allocation related to TDRs was approximately $5,700
compared to $25,100 at December 31, 2015. There were no specific
allocations related to TDRs at September 30, 2015. 

As of
the balance sheet dates, the Company was not contractually
committed to lend additional funds to debtors with impaired or
non-accrual loans. The Company is contractually committed to lend
on one Small Business Administration guaranteed line of credit to a
borrower whose lending relationship was previously restructured,
but is no longer considered impaired for disclosure
purposes. 

Note 6. Transactions with Related Parties 

Certain Related Party Loans 

Some of
the incumbent directors, nominees and executive officers of the
Company, and some of the corporations and firms with which these
individuals are associated, are customers of Community National
Bank (the Bank), a subsidiary of Community Bancorp., in the
ordinary course of business, or have loans outstanding from the
Bank (referred to in this discussion as  related party
loans ), and it is anticipated that they will continue to be
customers of and indebted to the Bank in the future. All such
related party loans were made in the ordinary course of business,
and were made on substantially the same terms, including interest
rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the same time for
comparable Bank transactions with unaffiliated persons, although
directors were generally allowed the lowest interest rate given to
others on comparable loans. Except as disclosed in the following
paragraph, none of such related party loans represents more than
the normal risk of collectability or presents other unfavorable
features. 

24 

As
previously reported, the Bank had two loans outstanding to related
commercial enterprises in which one of the Company s
Directors is a 35% non-controlling equity owner. The loans,
consisting of a commercial line of credit and a commercial real
estate loan, went into default during the third quarter of 2016.
The Director subsequently purchased the defaulted commercial line
of credit from the Bank at par plus unpaid interest. As of
September 30, 2016, the real estate-secured term loan had an
outstanding principal balance of $2,556,666 plus accrued interest
of $7,121. The Bank believes that the value of the collateral
exceeds the aggregate amount of the indebtedness and does not
expect to incur a loss on the loan, with liquidation of the real
estate collateral required within two years under the terms of a
forbearance agreement with the borrower. 

Note 7. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

As a
result of the merger with LyndonBank on December 31, 2007, the
Company recorded goodwill amounting to $11,574,269. The goodwill is
not amortizable and is not deductible for tax
purposes. 

The
Company also recorded $4,161,000 of acquired identified intangible
assets representing the core deposit intangible which is subject to
amortization as a non-interest expense over a ten year period. The
accumulated amortization expense was $3,820,139 and $3,547,444 as
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Amortization
expense for the core deposit intangible for the first nine months
of 2016 and 2015 was $204,525. As of September 30, 2016, the
remaining annual amortization expense related to the core deposit
intangible, absent any impairment, is expected to be as
follows: 

Management
evaluates goodwill for impairment annually and the core deposit
intangible for impairment if conditions warrant. As of the date of
the most recent evaluation (December 31, 2015), management
concluded that no impairment existed in either
category. 

Note 8. Fair Value 

Certain
assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value to provide
additional insight into the Company s quality of earnings.
The fair values of some of these assets and liabilities are
measured on a recurring basis while others are measured on a
non-recurring basis, with the determination based upon applicable
existing accounting pronouncements. For example, securities
available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.
Other assets, such as mortgage servicing rights, loans
held-for-sale, impaired loans, and OREO, are recorded at fair value
on a non-recurring basis using the lower of cost or market
methodology to determine impairment of individual assets. The
Company groups assets and liabilities which are recorded at fair
value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and
liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used
to determine fair value. The level within the fair value hierarchy
is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the
fair value measurement (with Level 1 considered highest and Level 3
considered lowest). A brief description of each level
follows. 

Level
1  

  Quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets
and liabilities include debt and equity securities and derivative
contracts that are traded in an active exchange market, as well as
U.S. Treasury, other U.S. Government debt securities that are
highly liquid and are actively traded in over-the-counter
markets. 

Level
2  

  Observable inputs
other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets
and liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or
other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by
observable market data for substantially the full term of the
assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt
securities with quoted prices that are traded less frequently than
exchange-traded instruments and derivative contracts whose value is
determined using a pricing model with inputs that are observable in
the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by
observable market data. This category generally includes mortgage
servicing rights, impaired loans and OREO. 

25 

Level
3  

  Unobservable inputs
that are supported by little or no market activity and that are
significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3
assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is
determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow
methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for
which the determination of fair value requires significant
management judgment or estimation. 

The
following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in
estimating its fair value measurements and
disclosures: 

Cash and cash equivalents:     The carrying amounts
reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents
approximate their fair values. As such, the Company classifies
these financial instruments as Level 1. 

Securities available-for-sale and
held-to-maturity:    Fair value
measurement is based upon quoted prices for similar assets, if
available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are
measured using matrix pricing models, or other model-based
valuation techniques requiring observable inputs other than quoted
prices such as yield curves, prepayment speeds and default rates.
Level 1 securities would include U.S. Treasury securities that are
traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets.
Level 2 securities include federal agency securities and securities
of local municipalities. 

Restricted equity
securities:     Restricted equity securities
are comprised of Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (FRBB) stock and
Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston (FHLBB) stock. These securities
are carried at cost, which is believed to approximate fair value,
based on the redemption provisions of the FRBB and the FHLBB. The
stock is nonmarketable, and redeemable at par value, subject to
certain conditions. As such the Company classifies these securities
as Level 2. 

Loans and loans
held-for-sale:     For variable-rate loans that
reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk,
fair values are based on carrying amounts. The fair values for
other loans (for example, fixed rate residential, commercial real
estate, and rental property mortgage loans, and commercial and
industrial loans) are estimated using discounted cash flow
analyses, based on interest rates currently being offered for loans
with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Loan
fair value estimates include judgments regarding future expected
loss experience and risk characteristics. Loan impairment is deemed
to exist when full repayment of principal and interest according to
the contractual terms of the loan is no longer probable. Impaired
loans are reported based on one of three measures: the present
value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s
effective interest rate; the loan s observable market price;
or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral
dependent. If the fair value is less than an impaired loan s
recorded investment, an impairment loss is recognized as part of
the allowance for loan losses. Accordingly, certain impaired loans
may be subject to measurement at fair value on a non-recurring
basis. Management has estimated the fair values of these assets
using Level 2 inputs, such as the fair value of collateral based on
independent third-party appraisals for collateral-dependent loans.
All other loans are valued using Level 3 inputs. 

The
fair value of loans held-for-sale is based upon an actual purchase
and sale agreement between the Company and an independent market
participant. The sale is executed within a reasonable period
following quarter end at the stated fair value. 

Mortgage servicing rights:  Mortgage
servicing rights represent the value associated with servicing
residential mortgage loans. Servicing assets and servicing
liabilities are reported using the amortization method and compared
to fair value for impairment. In evaluating the carrying values of
mortgage servicing rights, the Company obtains third party
valuations based on loan level data including note rate, and the
type and term of the underlying loans. As such, the Company
classifies mortgage servicing rights as non-recurring Level
2. 

OREO:  Real estate acquired through or
in lieu of foreclosure and bank properties no longer used as bank
premises are initially recorded at fair value. The fair value of
OREO is based on property appraisals and an analysis of similar
properties currently available. As such, the Company records OREO
as non-recurring Level 2. 

Deposits, federal funds purchased and borrowed
funds:     The
fair values disclosed for demand deposits (for example, checking
accounts, savings accounts and repurchase agreements) are, by
definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting
date (that is, their carrying amounts). The fair values for
certificates of deposit and borrowed funds are estimated using a
discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates
currently being offered on certificates and indebtedness to a
schedule of aggregated contractual maturities on such time deposits
and indebtedness. As such the Company classifies deposits, federal
funds purchased and borrowed funds as Level 2. 

Capital lease obligations:  Fair value
is determined using a discounted cash flow calculation using
current rates. Based on current rates, carrying value approximates
fair value. As such the Company classifies these obligations as
Level 2. 

26 

Junior subordinated debentures:  Fair
value is estimated using current rates for debentures of similar
maturity. As such the Company classifies these instruments as Level
2. 

Accrued interest:     The carrying amounts of
accrued interest approximate their fair values. Due to their
short-term nature, the Company classifies accrued interest as Level
2. 

Off-balance-sheet credit related
instruments:     Commitments to extend credit
are evaluated and fair value is estimated using the fees currently
charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the
remaining terms of the agreements and the present credit-worthiness
of the counterparties. For fixed-rate loan commitments, fair value
also considers the difference between current levels of interest
rates and the committed rates. 

FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825,  Financial
Instruments , requires disclosures of fair value information
about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the
balance sheet, if the fair values can be reasonably determined.
Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market prices.
However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for
the Company s various financial instruments. In cases where
quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on
estimates using present value or other valuation techniques using
observable inputs when available. Those techniques are
significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the
discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the
fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement
of the instrument. Topic 825 excludes certain financial instruments
and all nonfinancial instruments from its disclosure requirements.
Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented may not
necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the
Company. 

Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring
Basis 

Assets
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and reflected in the
consolidated balance sheets at the dates presented, segregated by
fair value hierarchy, are summarized below: 

There
were no transfers of assets between Levels during any of the
periods presented. There were no Level 1 assets or liabilities
measured on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 or December
31, 2015, and there were no Level 3 assets or liabilities measured
on a recurring basis as of any of the balance sheet dates
presented. 

27 

Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring
Basis 

The
following table includes assets measured at fair value on a
non-recurring basis that have had a fair value adjustment since
their initial recognition. Impaired loans measured at fair value
only include impaired loans with a related specific allowance for
loan losses and are presented net of specific allowances as
disclosed in Note 5. 

Assets
measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and reflected in
the consolidated balance sheets at the dates presented, segregated
by fair value hierarchy, are summarized below: 

There
were no Level 1 or Level 3 assets or liabilities measured on a
non-recurring basis as of the balance sheet dates
presented. 

28 

The
estimated fair values of commitments to extend credit and letters
of credit were immaterial as of the dates presented in the tables
below. The estimated fair values of the Company's financial
instruments were as follows: 

29 

Note 9. Loan Servicing 

The
following table shows the changes in the carrying amount of the
mortgage servicing rights, included in other assets in the
consolidated balance sheets, for the periods
indicated: 

Note 10. Legal Proceedings 

In the
normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiary are
involved in litigation that is considered incidental to their
business. Management does not expect that any such litigation will
be material to the Company's consolidated financial condition or
results of operations. 

Note 11. Subsequent Event 

The
Company has evaluated events and transactions through the date that
the financial statements were issued for potential recognition or
disclosure in these financial statements, as required by U.S. GAAP.
On September 27, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors
declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.16 per common share
payable November 1, 2016 to shareholders of record as of October
15, 2016. This dividend, amounting to $804,306, was accrued at
September 30, 2016. 

30 

ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Period Ended September 30, 2016 

The
following discussion analyzes the consolidated financial condition
of Community Bancorp. (the Company) and its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Community National Bank (the Bank), as of September 30,
2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, and its
consolidated results of operations for the three- and nine-month
interim periods presented. The Company is considered a
 smaller reporting company  under applicable
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and is
therefore eligible for relief from certain disclosure
requirements. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
Company s audited consolidated financial statements and
related notes contained in its 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the SEC. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations contains certain forward-looking statements
about the results of operations, financial condition and business
of the Company and its subsidiary. Words used in the discussion
below such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends,"
"estimates," "plans," "predicts," or similar expressions, indicate
that management of the Company is making forward-looking
statements. 

Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance. They
necessarily involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Future
results of the Company may differ materially from those expressed
in these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward looking
statements included in this discussion include, but are not limited
to, estimated contingent liability related to assumptions made
within the asset/liability management process, management's
expectations as to the future interest rate environment and the
Company's related liquidity level, credit risk expectations
relating to the Company's loan portfolio and its participation in
the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston (FHLBB) Mortgage Partnership
Finance (MPF) program, and management's general outlook for the
future performance of the Company or the local or national economy.
Although forward-looking statements are based on management's
current expectations and estimates, many of the factors that could
influence or determine actual results are unpredictable and not
within the Company's control. Readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on such statements as they speak only as of the date
they are made. The Company does not undertake, and disclaims any
obligation, to revise or update any forward-looking statements to
reflect the occurrence or anticipated occurrence of events or
circumstances after the date of this Report, except as required by
applicable law. The Company claims the protection of the safe
harbor for forward-looking statements provided in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Factors
that may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated by these forward-looking statements include, among
others, the following possibilities: (1) general economic
conditions, either nationally, regionally or locally deteriorate,
resulting in a decline in credit quality or a diminished demand for
the Company's products and services; (2) competitive pressures
increase among financial service providers in the Company's
northern New England market area or in the financial services
industry generally, including competitive pressures from non-bank
financial service providers, from increasing consolidation and
integration of financial service providers, and from changes in
technology and delivery systems; (3) interest rates change in such
a way as to reduce the Company's interest rate spread or margin;
(4) changes in laws or government rules, including the rules of the
federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the way in which
courts or government agencies interpret or implement those laws or
rules, increase our costs of doing business causing us to limit or
change our product offerings or pricing, or otherwise adversely
affect the Company's business; (5) changes in federal or state tax
policy; (6) changes in the level of nonperforming assets and
charge-offs; (7) changes in estimates of future reserve
requirements based upon relevant regulatory and accounting
requirements; (8) changes in consumer and business spending,
borrowing and savings habits; (9) the effect of changes to the
calculation of the Company s regulatory capital ratios under
the Basel III capital framework which, among other things, requires
additional regulatory capital, and changes the framework for
risk-weighting of certain assets; (10) the effect of and changes in
the United States monetary and fiscal policies, including the
interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board (FRB) and its
regulation of the money supply; and (11) adverse changes in the
credit rating of U.S. government debt. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 

Under
SEC Regulation G, public companies making disclosures containing
financial measures that are not in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States (US GAAP or
GAAP) must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP financial
measure, certain additional information, including a reconciliation
of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP
financial measure, as well as a statement of the company s
reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure. The SEC has
exempted from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures certain
commonly used financial measures that are not based on GAAP.
However, three non-GAAP financial measures commonly used by
financial institutions, namely tax-equivalent net interest income
and tax-equivalent net interest margin (as presented in the tables
in the section labeled Interest Income Versus Interest Expense (Net
Interest Income)) and core earnings (as defined and discussed in
the Results of Operations section), have not been specifically
exempted by the SEC, and may therefore constitute non-GAAP
financial measures under Regulation G. We are unable to state with
certainty whether the SEC would regard those measures as subject to
Regulation G. 

31 

Management
believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful in
evaluating the Company s financial performance and facilitate
comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions.
However, that information should be considered supplemental in
nature and not as a substitute for related financial information
prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

OVERVIEW 

The
Company s consolidated assets at September 30, 2016 were
$605,790,430, an increase of $9,655,721 or 1.6% from December 31,
2015 and an increase of $16,830,291, or 2.9%, from September 30,
2015. Total assets increased from year end due primarily to strong
demand in the commercial and municipal loan portfolios. For the
first nine months of 2016, loan balances increased $12,067,466, or
2.6%, and municipal loans, classified as investments, increased
$13,482,681, or 31.1%. The increase in municipal loans is
attributed partially to a $6.3 million bond participation for a
local hospital, as well as to continued growth in routine
short-term funding obligations of local government entities. Loans
increased $14,768,763, or 3.2%, since September 30, 2015. The
increase in loans year to date and year over year is attributable
to growth in commercial loans and has been funded through a
combination of increased deposit balances and short term borrowings
in both comparison periods. 

Total
deposits increased $8,321,344, or 1.7%, for the first nine months
of 2016, and $24,798,415, or 5.2% year over year. These increases
are attributable to an increase in checking, savings and time
deposits totaling $24,029,302 year to date, partially offset by a
decrease in interest-bearing checking accounts and money market
funds totaling $15,707,958 year to date and an increase in all
deposit accounts except money market funds totaling $36,925,831
year over year with money market funds decreasing $12,127,416 in
the same period. While rates have been at historic lows for the
past several years, maturing time deposit balances have shifted
into non-maturity deposits; however, this trend has slowed in
recent months as rates have bottomed and the majority of remaining
certificates of deposit (CDs) have already repriced to lower
rates. 

Interest
rates remain at historically low levels, and the resulting pressure
on margins is being further exacerbated by a flattening yield curve
as short rates have increased 25 basis points while long rates
stayed flat during the first six months of the year, and then
declined substantially at the end of the second quarter following
Great Britain s vote to leave the European Union and remained
at those levels through the third quarter. Growth of the commercial
loan portfolio in recent years, which typically carries higher
yields than residential and consumer loans, has helped to maintain
a stable level of interest income despite the challenging interest
rate environment. This shift in asset mix is in line with the
Company s strategic plan to increase its concentration in
commercial loans while maintaining a stable residential loan
portfolio. While commercial loans inherently carry more risk, the
Company has dedicated significant resources in the credit
administration department to mitigate the additional risk. The
opportunities for growth continue to be primarily in the Central
Vermont and Chittenden County markets where economic activity is
more robust than in the Company s Orleans and Caledonia
Counties markets, and where the Company is increasing its presence
and market share. In line with this focus, the Company plans to
open a loan production office in Chittenden County during the
fourth quarter of 2016. The shift of a portion of the investment
portfolio to higher yielding mortgage backed securities and
attractive bank CDs has also helped to maintain overall asset
yields year over year. 

Interest
income increased $314,363, or 5.3%, for the third quarter of 2016
compared to the same period in 2015, and $478,012, or 2.7%, for the
first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.
Interest expense increased $59,273, or 9.4%, for the third quarter
of 2016 compared to the same quarter in 2015, while a decline of
$287, or 0.01%, is noted for the first nine months of 2016 compared
to the same period in 2015. The increase in interest income year
over year reflects the growth in loan balances and shift in mix
toward commercial loans, as asset yields continue to experience
downward pressure. The decrease in interest paid on deposits year
to date is attributable to a shift of customer funds out of higher
yielding CDs to lower yielding demand and savings accounts, as well
as to a decrease in the rate paid on these funds when they reprice
at maturity. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, interest
expense was higher than the same period in 2015 because of the
increase in short-term rates, and the higher levels of short term
borrowings required to fund loan growth. Both short-term wholesale
funding and the interest payment on the junior subordinated
debentures are tied to short-term rates. 

Net
interest income after the provision for loan losses improved by
$180,090, or 3.4%, for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the
same quarter in 2015 and by $453,299, or 3.0%, for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The
charge to income for the provision for loan losses increased
$75,000, or 100%, for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the
same quarter in 2015 and increased only $25,000, or 6.7%, for the
first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015
despite an increase of over $12 million in the loan portfolio, due
to lower net charge-offs than anticipated. Please refer to the
Allowance for loan losses and provisions discussion in the Credit
Risk section for more information. 

32 

Net
income for the third quarter of 2016 was $1,515,900, an increase of
$76,078, or 5.3%, compared to the same quarter in 2015, and net
income for the first nine months of 2016 was $3,980,593, an
increase of $353,227, or 9.7%, compared to the same period in 2015.
Non-interest income increased $183,525, or 14.1%, and non-interest
expense increased $258,629, or 5.7%, for the third quarter of 2016,
and $222,809, or 5.8%, and $139,531, or 1.0%, respectively, for the
first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.
Income tax expense increased $28,908, or 5.2%, for the third
quarter of 2016 and $183,350, or 13.8%, for the first nine months
of 2016 compared to the respective periods in 2015. Service fee
income and other income contributed to the increase in non-interest
income in both comparison periods, along with other income from
loans in the nine months comparison period. Residential mortgage
lending activity decreased during 2015 and into 2016, with
residential mortgage originations totaling $35,257,580 for the
first nine months of 2016 compared to $40,772,304 for the same
period of 2015. Of those originations during the first nine months
of 2016, secondary market sales totaled $18,648,432, compared to
$18,395,365 for the first nine months of 2015, providing points and
premiums from the sales of these mortgages of $683,114 and
$687,964, respectively, a decrease of 0.7%. While income from sold
loans decreased in both scenarios, other income from loans
increased due to an increase in commercial loan documentation fees
collected. Also contributing to the increase in net income in both
periods was a decrease in occupancy expenses of $71,181, or 10.5%,
for the third quarter of 2016 and $118,744, or 6.0%, for the first
nine months of 2016, as well as a decrease in other expenses of
$66,490, or 1.3%, for the first nine months of 2016, compared to
the same period in 2015. One of the most significant reasons for
the decrease in other expenses year over year was the nonrecurring
cost in the amount of $100,000 for issuing the Europay, Mastercard
and Visa chip cards in the second quarter of 2015. Please refer to
the Non-interest Income and Expense sections for more information
on these changes. 

On
September 27, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors declared a
quarterly cash dividend of $0.16 per common share, payable on
November 1, 2016 to shareholders of record on October 15, 2016. The
Company is focused on increasing the profitability of the balance
sheet, and prudently managing operating expenses and risk,
particularly credit risk, in order to remain a well-capitalized
bank in this challenging economic environment. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The
Company s significant accounting policies, are fundamental to
understanding the Company s results of operations and
financial condition because they require management to use
estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of the
Company s assets or liabilities and financial results. These
policies are considered by management to be critical because they
require subjective and complex judgments about matters that are
inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially
different amounts would be reported under different conditions or
using different assumptions. The Company s critical
accounting policies govern: 

the allowance for
loan losses; 

        other real estate
owned (OREO); 

        valuation of
residential mortgage servicing rights (MSRs); 

        other than
temporary impairment of investment securities; and 

        the carrying value
of goodwill. 

These
policies are described further in the Company s 2015 Annual
Report on Form 10-K in the section titled  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   Critical Accounting Policies  and in Note
1 (Significant Accounting Policies) to the audited consolidated
financial statements. There were no material changes during the
first nine months of 2016 in the Company s critical
accounting policies described in the 2015 Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net
income for the third quarter of 2016 was $1,515,900 or $0.30 per
common share, compared to $1,439,822 or $0.29 per common share for
the third quarter of 2015 and for the first nine months of 2016,
net income was $3,980,593 or $0.78 per common share, compared to
$3,627,366 or $0.72 per common share for the same period in 2015.
Core earnings (net interest income before the provision for loan
losses) for the third quarter of 2016 increased $255,090, or 4.8%,
and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 core earnings
increased $478,299, or 3.1%, compared to the prior year. In light
of the continued pressure on net interest margin and spread in this
persistently low interest rate environment, the Company is pleased
with these increases. To help offset this pressure, the Company has
continued to shift assets from lower yielding taxable investments
to loans when possible, and to shift a portion of the investment
portfolio to higher yielding certificates of deposit, Small
Business Administration (SBA) securities, and agency
mortgage-backed securities (Agency MBS) within its
available-for-sale portfolio. Compared to the same period last
year, during the first nine months of 2016, the loan mix continued
to shift at a measured pace in favor of higher yielding commercial
loans, while the deposit mix shifted to lower cost non-maturity
deposits, both of which have benefitted the Company s net
interest income. Interest paid on deposits, which is the major
component of total interest expense, increased $19,892, or 4.1%,
for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter in 2015,
but decreased $76,451, or 4.8%, in the first nine months of 2016
compared to the same period of 2015, reflecting the continued low
rate environment and shift to lower-cost non-maturity deposits. The
Company recorded provisions for loan losses of $150,000 and
$400,000, respectively, for the third quarter and first nine months
of 2016, compared to $75,000 and $375,000, for the respective
periods of 2015. Non-interest income increased $183,525, or 14.1%,
for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter in 2015
and $222,809, or 5.8%, for the first nine months of 2016 compared
to 2015. This growth was primarily due to an increase in
residential mortgage loan sales, which generate fee income, and an
increase in the collection of commercial and portfolio mortgage
loan documentation fees. Non-interest expense increased $258,629,
or 5.7%, for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter
in 2015, and $139,531, or 1.0%, for the first nine months of 2016
compared to the prior year, reflecting increases in salaries and
benefits, which were only partially offset by decreases in
occupancy expense and other expenses in both comparison periods.
The section below labeled Non-Interest Income and Non-Interest
Expense provides a more detailed discussion on the significant
components of these two items. 

33 

Return
on average assets, which is net income divided by average total
assets, measures how effectively a corporation uses its assets to
produce earnings. Return on average equity, which is net income
divided by average shareholders' equity, measures how effectively a
corporation uses its equity capital to produce
earnings. 

The
following table shows these ratios annualized for the comparison
periods. 

34 

The
following table summarizes the earnings performance and certain
balance sheet data of the Company for the periods
presented. 

(1)
Applicable income tax expense assumes a 34% tax rate. 

(2)
Computed based on the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the periods presented. 

35 

INTEREST INCOME VERSUS INTEREST EXPENSE (NET INTEREST
INCOME) 

The
largest component of the Company s operating income is net
interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on
loans and investments versus the interest paid on deposits and
other sources of funds (i.e. other borrowings). The Company s
level of net interest income can fluctuate over time due to changes
in the level and mix of earning assets and sources of funds
(volume), and from changes in the yield earned and costs of funds
(rate). A portion of the Company s income from municipal
investments is not subject to income taxes. Because the proportion
of tax-exempt items in the Company's portfolio varies from
year-to-year, to improve comparability of information, the
non-taxable income shown in the tables below has been converted to
a tax equivalent basis. Because the Company s corporate tax
rate is 34%, to equalize tax-free and taxable income in the
comparison, we divide the tax-free income by 66%, with the result
that every tax-free dollar is equivalent to $1.52 in taxable
income. 

The
Company s tax-exempt interest income of $339,999 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and $942,246 for the first
nine months of 2016, compared to $279,041 and $826,421,
respectively, for the same periods last year was derived from
municipal investments, which comprised the entire held-to-maturity
portfolio of $56,837,100 at September 30, 2016, and $47,657,894 at
September 30, 2015. 

The
following tables show the reconciliation between reported net
interest income and tax equivalent, net interest income for the
comparison periods presented. 

36 

The
following tables present average earning assets and average
interest-bearing liabilities supporting earning assets. Interest
income (excluding interest on non-accrual loans) and interest
expense are both expressed on a tax equivalent basis, both in
dollars and as a rate/yield for the comparison periods
presented. 

(1) 

Included
in gross loans are non-accrual loans with an average balance of
$2,958,744 and $5,395,931 for the three 

months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Loans are stated
before deduction of unearned discount 

and
allowance for loan losses, less loans held-for-sale. 

(2) 

Included
in other investments is the Company s FHLBB Stock with an
average balance of $2,201,638 and $2,744,300 

for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
dividend payout rates of approximately 

3.65%
and 3.28%, respectively, per quarter. 

(3) 

Net
interest spread is the difference between the average yield on
average interest-earning assets and the average 

rate
paid on average interest-bearing liabilities. 

(4) 

Net
interest margin is net interest income divided by average earning
assets. 

37 

(1)
Included in gross loans are non-accrual loans with an average
balance of $3,384,345 and $5,063,600 for the nine 

months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Loans are stated
before deduction of unearned discount 

and
allowance for loan losses. 

(2)
Included in other investments is the Company s FHLBB Stock
with average balances of $1,791,391 and $2,744,300 

respectively,
and dividend payout rates of approximately 4.85% and 2.26%,
respectively, for the first nine months of 

2016
and 2015, respectively. 

(3) Net
interest spread is the difference between the average yield on
average interest-earning assets and the average 

rate
paid on average interest-bearing liabilities. 

(4) Net
interest margin is net interest income divided by average earning
assets. 

38 

The
average volume of interest-earning assets for the three and nine
month periods ended September 30, 2016 increased 3.1% and 4.3%,
respectively, compared to the same periods last year. Average yield
on interest-earning assets for the third quarter increased seven
basis points, to 4.53%, compared to 4.46% for the same period last
year, but decreased one basis point for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, to 4.47%, from 4.48% for the same period last
year. Similarly, the average volume of loans increased over the
three and nine month comparison periods of 2016 versus 2015, by
2.4% and 4.2%, respectively, while the average yield on loans
increased one basis point for the third quarter, to 4.79%, compared
to 4.78% for the third quarter of 2015, but decreased four basis
points for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, to 4.76% from
4.80% for the same period last year. The decline in average yields
for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015, as well as the
calculation of the net interest spread and margin for the first
nine months of 2015 noted below, reflect the boost to interest
income during the first quarter of 2015 resulting from the
recognition of approximately $170,000 in accrued interest when one
large non-accruing residential mortgage loan was paid off and two
other non-accruing loans were restored to accrual status. Interest
earned on the loan portfolio as a percentage of total interest
income remained fairly steady for the three and nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016, comprising approximately 89.2% and 89.5%,
respectively, of total interest income, versus 90.5% and 90.7%,
respectively, for the same periods last year. The average volume of
the taxable investment portfolio (classified as available for sale)
decreased 11.4 % during the third quarter of 2016 and 5.3% year to
date, compared to the same periods last year as maturities in 2016
were used to fund loan growth. Average yields on the taxable
investment portfolio increased 33 basis points and 34 basis points,
for the third quarter of 2016 and year to date, respectively,
compared to the same periods last year. These increases are due
primarily to the shift in the taxable investment portfolio to
higher yielding mortgage-backed securities and certificates of
deposit, both of which had very favorable spreads to similar term
treasury and agency bonds, while exhibiting similar risk profiles.
Compared to the third quarter of 2015, the average volume of the
tax exempt portfolio (classified as held to maturity and consisting
of municipal securities) increased 24.1% during the third quarter
of 2016, due in part to the Company s $6.3 million
participation in a local hospital bond financing, and increased
16.1% in the 2016 versus 2015 year to date comparison. The average
tax-equivalent yield on the tax exempt portfolio decreased by six
basis points and seven basis points, respectively, during the three
and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
same periods last year, reflecting the continued low rate
environment as well competitive pressures for municipal
investments. The average volume of sweep and interest-earning
accounts, which consists primarily of an interest bearing account
at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (FRBB), decreased during the
three month period and increased during the nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods last year,
but the average balances of these funds have remained relatively
low throughout 2016 as excess cash has been used to fund loan
growth. 

In
comparison, the average volume of interest-bearing liabilities
increased by 2.1%, for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the
same period last year, and remained essentially flat year to date
compared to the first nine months of 2015, increasing only 0.7%.
The average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities during the
third quarter of 2016 increased slightly, by five basis points
compared to the same period last year, while remaining unchanged
during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period
last year. The average volume of interest-bearing transaction
accounts decreased by 0.9% and 1.4%, respectively, during the third
quarter and first nine months of 2016, compared to the same periods
last year, and the average rate paid on these accounts remained
unchanged during the three and nine month comparison periods. The
average volume of money market accounts decreased during both the
three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, by 6.1% and
4.3%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015, while the
average rate paid on these deposits increased seven basis points
during the third quarter of 2016 versus the second quarter last
year and one basis point in the year to date comparison periods.
The decrease in money market accounts in 2016 is due primarily to
the run off, as anticipated, of approximately $8,000,000 in
construction-related escrow funds deposited during the fourth
quarter of 2014. The average volume of savings accounts increased
by 6.4% and 6.7%, respectively, for the three month and nine month
comparison periods of 2016 versus 2015, due in part to the
continued shift in product mix from retail time deposits to savings
accounts as consumers anticipate higher rates in the near future.
Compared to the same periods in 2015, the average volume of retail
time deposits decreased 4.9% during the second quarter, and 7.6%
year to date 2016, while the average volume of wholesale time
deposits increased during both the three and nine month comparison
periods in 2016.  Wholesale time deposits have been an
increasingly beneficial source of funding in 2016 as they have
provided large blocks of funding without the need to disrupt
pricing in the Company s local markets. These funds can be
obtained relatively quickly on an as-needed basis, making them a
valuable alternative to traditional term borrowings from the FHLBB.
The average volume of federal funds purchased and other borrowed
funds increased 28.7% and 25.2%, respectively, for the three month
and nine month comparison periods of 2016 versus 2015, and the
average rate paid on these accounts increased 28 basis points and
26 basis points, respectively. The average volume of repurchase
agreements increased 9.2% for three months ended September 30, 2016
but decreased 1.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to the same periods in 2015, while the average rate paid
on repurchase agreements during the three and nine month comparison
periods of 2016 versus 2015 increased by one basis point and two
basis points, respectively. 

39 

After
years of this low interest rate environment which put pressure on
the Company s net interest spread and margin due to the
Company s earning assets being both replaced with, and
repricing to, lower interest rate instruments, and due to limited
opportunity to reduce rates further on non-maturing
interest-bearing deposits, the asset growth and changes to the mix
of the balance sheet, combined with low cost of funds, is starting
to have a positive effect on both the net interest spread and
margin. In addition, the 25 basis point increase in the prime rate
in December 2015 provided some benefit to the Company s
variable rate loan portfolio, although the prospect for further
rate increases is unclear due to the continued uncertainty in the
global economy. For the three months ended September
30,   2016
and 2015, the average yield on interest-earning assets increased
seven basis points, while the average rate paid on interest-bearing
liabilities increased five basis points. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the average yield on interest-earning
assets decreased one basis point, while the average rate paid on
interest-bearing liabilities remained flat. Net interest spread for
the third quarter of 2016 was 3.92%, an increase of two basis
points from 3.90% for the same period in 2015, and for the nine
month comparison periods of 2016 and 2015, was 3.86% and 3.87%,
respectively. Net interest margin increased four basis points
during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of
2015, and remained unchanged at 3.98% for the nine month comparison
periods of 2016 and 2015. 

The
following table summarizes the variances in interest income and
interest expense on a fully tax-equivalent basis for the periods
presented for 2016 and 2015 resulting from volume changes in
average assets and average liabilities and fluctuations in average
rates earned and paid. 

(1) 

Items
which have shown a year-to-year increase in volume have variances
allocated as follows: 

Variance
due to rate = Change in rate x new volume 

Variance
due to volume = Change in volume x old rate 

Items
which have shown a year-to-year decrease in volume have variances
allocated as follows: 

Variance
due to rate = Change in rate x old volume 

Variances
due to volume = Change in volume x new rate 

40 

NON-INTEREST INCOME AND NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

Non-interest Income 

The
components of non-interest income for the periods presented were as
follows: 

Total
non-interest income increased $183,525 for the third quarter of
2016, and $222,809 for the first nine months of 2016 versus the
same periods in 2015, with significant changes noted in the
following: 

Service fees
increased $61,392, or 9.3%, for the third quarter and $60,193, or
3.1%, year over year due to an increase in overdraft charges driven
by a courtesy overdraft program put into place in the first quarter
of 2016. 

Other income from
loans decreased $13,583, or 6.1%, for the third quarter while an
increase of $72,376, or 13.3%, is noted year over year. A
contributing factor to the decrease for the third quarter of 2016
compared to the same quarter of 2015 was a $29,476 impairment
expense associated with mortgage servicing rights. The year over
year increase was due primarily to an increase in commercial loan
documentation fees. 

Income from CFSG
Partners increased $48,973, or 52.0%, for the third quarter and
$57,363, or 21.3%, year over year. These increases were due to a
one-time mark-to-market adjustment to CFSG Partners 
investment portfolio based on their adoption of an accounting
principle to eliminate the income statement impact of future
changes to market values of their nonqualified tax deferred
accounts to their income statement. 

The Company sold an
OREO property in 2015 that had generated rental income accounting
for the absence of rental income year to date. 

Currency exchange
income increased $4,000, or 17.4%, for the third quarter and
$17,000, or 27.6%, year over year due to the weakening Canadian
dollar during 2016. 

SERP fair value
adjustment increased $76,874, or 172.7%, for the third quarter and
$90,751, or 206.3%, year over year due to changes in the equity
markets. 

Other income
increased $21,863, or 22.0%, for the third quarter and decreased
$23,887, or 7.5%, year over year due to timing
differences. 

41 

Non-interest Expense 

The
components of non-interest expense for the periods presented were
as follows: 

Total
non-interest expense increased $258,629, or 5.7%, for the third
quarter and $139,531, or 1.0%, for the first nine months of 2016
compared to the same periods in 2015 with significant changes noted
in the following: 

Salaries increased
$75,000, or 4.6%, for the third quarter and $186,648, or 3.7%, year
over year, due to normal increases in salaries, as well as
additional staff hired in the areas of commercial lending,
technology and compliance. 

Employee benefits
increased $104,633, or 18.2%, for the third quarter and $138,117,
or 7.2%, year over year, mostly due to an increase in health
insurance premiums. 

Occupancy expenses
decreased $71,181, or 10.5%, for the third quarter and $118,744, or
6.0%, year over year, due in part to lower heating costs and
maintenance costs associated with the winter months as the region
experienced a fairly mild winter compared to the last few years.
Also contributing to the decrease in occupancy expenses was the
reduction in operating costs due to the closing of two branches in
the third quarter of 2015. 

Service contracts
  administrative increased $16,957, or 18.9%, for the third
quarter and $47,206, or 19.2%, year over year due mostly to a new
service contract for our upgraded telephone system and other
technology. 

Collection  
non-accruing loan expense increased $35,000, or 304.4%, for the
third quarter and $19,995, or 31.0%, year over year mostly due to
the increased length of time that properties are staying in the
foreclosure process, particularly those involving bankruptcy,
resulting in increased maintenance costs associated with properties
in foreclosure. 

OREO expense
decreased $11,507, or 67.7%, for the third quarter and $59,824, or
61.5%, year over year. During the first quarter of 2016, the
Company received approximately $15,000 in reimbursed condo fees
associated with the OREO property that was sold in December of
2015. 

Other miscellaneous
expenses increased $104,409, or 9.8%, for the third quarter and
decreased $78,543, or 2.3%, year over year. The third quarter
increase is attributable to a $34,256 increase in marketing
expenses and a $34,000 write-down on a receivable the Company
expects to collect at $0.90/$1.00 before the end of 2016. During
the first three months of 2015, the Company experienced a loss of
approximately $45,000 on a fraudulent check, making up a portion of
the decrease between periods. Additionally, during the second
quarter of 2015 the Company incurred a cost of $110,850 in
increased printing   supplies expense associated with the
mandatory re-issuance of customer debit cards with enhanced
security chip technology. 

42 

APPLICABLE INCOME TAXES 

The
provision for income taxes increased $28,908, or 5.2% to $589,472
for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $560,564 for the same
period in 2015 and $183,350, or 13.8%, to $1,515,234 for the first
nine months of 2016 compared to $1,331,884 for the same period in
2015. Income before taxes increased $104,986, or 5.3%, for the
third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter of 2015, and
$536,577, or 10.8%, for the first nine months of 2016 compared to
the same period in 2015 accounting for most of the increase in the
provision in both periods. A decrease in tax credits of $9,453 for
the third quarter comparison period and $28,359 for the nine month
comparison period makes up a small portion of the increase in
income tax expense in both periods. Tax credits related to limited
partnerships amounted to $98,475 and $107,928, respectively, for
the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 and $295,425 and $323,784,
respectively, for the first nine months of 2016 and
2015. 

Amortization
expense related to limited partnership investments is included as a
component of income tax expense and amounted to $102,006 and
$100,860, respectively, for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015,
and $306,018 and $302,580, respectively, for the first nine months
of 2016 and 2015. These investments provide tax benefits, including
tax credits, and are designed to provide an effective yield between
8% and 10%. 

Amortization
expense relating to the Company s New Market Tax Credit
investment is also recorded as a separate component of income tax
expense and for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 amounted to
$44,484 and $40,473, respectively, and for the first nine months of
2016 and 2015 amounted to $133,452 and $121,419,
respectively. 

The
Company amortizes these investments under the effective yield
method. 

CHANGES IN FINANCIAL CONDITION 

The
following table reflects the composition of the Company's major
categories of assets and liabilities as a percentage of total
assets or liabilities and shareholders  equity, as the case
may be, as of the dates indicated: 

The
Company's loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 increased
$12,067,466, or 2.6%, from December 31, 2015 and $14,768,763, or
3.2%, year over year. Increases in both periods are the results of
increases in commercial loans. These changes in the relative
composition of the loan portfolio are consistent with the
Company s goal to increase its commercial loan portfolio, and
reflect the efforts of a seasoned commercial lending team with a
strong presence in the small business community. Most of the growth
in the commercial loan portfolio has occurred in the
Company s Chittenden County and Washington County (Central
Vermont) market.   Securities available-for-sale
increased $2,941,816, or 11.1%, year to date, but decreased
$973,026, or 3.2%, year over year, with maturities used to fund
loan demand. Securities held-to-maturity increased $13,482,681, or
31.1%, at September 30, 2016, compared to December 31, 2015, and
increased $9,179,206, or 19.3%, compared to September 30, 2015.
Held-to-maturity securities are made up of investments from the
Company s municipal customers in its service areas. While the
Company has used maturing securities in the AFS portfolio to fund
loan growth in recent periods, the liquidity provided by these
investments is very important, and as such the portfolio is not
expected to see further decline in balances. 

Total
deposits increased $8,321,344, or 1.7%, from December 31, 2015 to
September 30, 2016, and $24,798,415, or 5.2%, year over year.
Demand deposits increased $7,733,708, or 8.3%, year to date and
$10,134,923, or 11.1%, year over year. Interest-bearing transaction
accounts decreased $10,753,446, or 8.2%, year to date, but
increased $6,311,853, or 5.6%, year over year. The year to date
decrease was due primarily to the seasonal decrease in municipal
deposits. Time deposits increased $6,752,504, or 6.3%, from
December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 and $10,754,766, or 10.4%,
year over year. Wholesale time deposits increased $6,271,670, or
90.3%, from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 and
$10,442,560, or 376.8%, year over year due to $10,000,000 of
one-way deposits purchased through the Certificate of Deposit
Account Registry Service (CDARS) of the Promontory Interfinancial
Network (Promontory) at the end of the third quarter of 2016, as
the Company utilized the additional liquidity to fund loan demand.
Retail time deposits increased $480,834, or 0.5%, year to date, and
$312,206, or 0.3%, year over year. Money market accounts decreased
$4,954,512, or 6.1%, year to date and $12,127,416, or 13.6%, year
over year, due primarily to the $8 million of construction escrow
accounts that were released during 2016. Savings deposits increased
in both comparison periods, by $9,543,090, or 11.7%, year to date,
and $9,724,289, or 11.9%, year over year due to the timing of a
large IOLTA deposit at quarter end, which cleared the bank shortly
thereafter. Overnight federal funds purchases from FHLBB of
$5,245,000 were reported at September 30, 2016 compared to
short-term advances from the FHLBB totaling $10,000,000 at December
31, 2015 and $20,000,000 at September 30, 2015. In addition, there
were outstanding long-term advances from the FHLBB of $550,000 at
September 30, 2016, compared to no such advances at either December
31, 2015 or September 30, 2015. 

43 

Interest Rate Risk and Asset and Liability Management  -
Management actively monitors and manages the Company s
interest rate risk exposure and attempts to structure the balance
sheet to maximize net interest income while controlling its
exposure to interest rate risk. The Company's Asset/Liability
Management Committee (ALCO) is made up of the Executive Officers
and certain Vice Presidents of the Bank. The ALCO formulates
strategies to manage interest rate risk by evaluating the impact on
earnings and capital of such factors as current interest rate
forecasts and economic indicators, potential changes in such
forecasts and indicators, liquidity and various business
strategies. The ALCO meets at least quarterly to review financial
statements, liquidity levels, yields and spreads to better
understand, measure, monitor and control the Company s
interest rate risk. In the ALCO process, the committee members
apply policy limits set forth in the Asset Liability, Liquidity and
Investment policies approved and periodically reviewed by the
Company s Board of Directors. The ALCO's methods for
evaluating interest rate risk include an analysis of the effects of
interest rate changes on net interest income and an analysis of the
Company's interest rate sensitivity "gap", which provides a static
analysis of the maturity and repricing characteristics of the
entire balance sheet. The ALCO Policy also includes a contingency
funding plan to help management prepare for unforeseen liquidity
restrictions, including hypothetical severe liquidity
crises. 

Interest
rate risk represents the sensitivity of earnings to changes in
market interest rates. As interest rates change, the interest
income and expense streams associated with the Company s
financial instruments also change, thereby impacting net interest
income (NII), the primary component of the Company s
earnings. Fluctuations in interest rates can also have an impact on
liquidity. The ALCO uses an outside consultant to perform rate
shock simulations to the Company's net interest income, as well as
a variety of other analyses. It is the ALCO s function to
provide the assumptions used in the modeling process. Assumptions
used in prior period simulation models are regularly tested by
comparing projected NII with actual NII. The ALCO utilizes the
results of the simulation model to quantify the estimated exposure
of NII and liquidity to sustained interest rate changes. The
simulation model captures the impact of changing interest rates on
the interest income received and interest expense paid on all
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities reflected
on the Company s balance sheet. The model also simulates the
balance sheet s sensitivity to a prolonged flat rate
environment. All rate scenarios are simulated assuming a parallel
shift of the yield curve; however further simulations are performed
utilizing non-parallel changes in the yield curve. The results of
this sensitivity analysis are compared to the ALCO policy limits
which specify a maximum tolerance level for NII exposure over a
1-year horizon, assuming no balance sheet growth, given a 200 basis
point (bp) shift upward and a 100 bp shift downward in interest
rates. 

Under
the Company s rate sensitivity modeling, in the current flat
rate environment, NII levels are projected to be flat as the
downward pressure on asset yields is projected to slow down as cash
flow is replaced at equal yields. Funding costs are expected to
provide slight relief as longer-term time deposits mature and are
replaced at current rates. In a rising rate environment, NII is
expected to trend upward as the short-term asset base (cash and
adjustable rate loans) quickly cycle upward while the retail
funding base (deposits) lags the market. If rates paid on deposits
have to be increased more and/or more quickly than projected, the
expected benefit to rising rates would be reduced. In a falling
rate environment, NII is expected to decrease slightly with the
current rate environment scenario for the first year of the
simulation as asset yield erosion is offset by decreasing funding
costs. Thereafter, net interest income is projected to experience
sustained downward pressure as funding costs reach their assumed
floors and asset yields continue to reprice into the lower rate
environment. 

The
following table summarizes the estimated impact on the Company's
NII over a twelve month period, assuming a gradual parallel shift
of the yield curve beginning September 30, 2016: 

The
amounts shown in the table are well within the ALCO Policy limits.
However, those amounts do not represent a forecast and should not
be relied upon as indicative of future results. While assumptions
used in the ALCO process, including the interest rate simulation
analyses, are developed based upon current economic and local
market conditions, and expected future conditions, the Company
cannot provide any assurances as to the predictive nature of these
assumptions, including how customer preferences or competitor
influences might change. 

44 

Credit Risk  - As a financial institution, one of the primary
risks the Company manages is credit risk, the risk of loss stemming
from borrowers  failure to repay loans or inability to meet
other contractual obligations. The Company s Board of
Directors prescribes policies for managing credit risk, including
Loan, Appraisal and Environmental policies. These policies are
supplemented by comprehensive underwriting standards and
procedures. The Company maintains a Credit Administration
department whose function includes credit analysis and monitoring
of and reporting on the status of the loan portfolio, including
delinquent and non-performing loan trends. The Company also
monitors concentration of credit risk in a variety of areas,
including portfolio mix, the level of loans to individual borrowers
and their related interest, loans to industry segments, and the
geographic distribution of commercial real estate loans. Loans are
reviewed periodically by an independent loan review firm to help
ensure accuracy of the Company's internal risk ratings and
compliance with various internal policies, procedures and
regulatory guidance. 

Residential
mortgages represent approximately 43% of the Company s loan
balances; that level has been on a gradual decline in recent years,
with a strategic shift to commercial lending. The Company maintains
a mortgage loan portfolio of traditional mortgage products and does
not engage in higher risk loans such as option adjustable rate
mortgage products, high loan-to-value products, interest only
mortgages, subprime loans and products with deeply discounted
teaser rates. Residential mortgages with loan-to-values exceeding
80% are generally covered by private mortgage insurance (PMI). A
90% loan-to-value residential mortgage product without PMI is only
available to borrowers with excellent credit and low debt-to-income
ratios and has not been widely originated. Junior lien home equity
products make up approximately 21% of the residential mortgage
portfolio with maximum loan-to-value ratios (including prior liens)
of 80%. The Company also originates some home equity loans greater
than 80% under an insured loan program with stringent underwriting
criteria. 

The
Company s strategy is to continue growing the commercial
  industrial and commercial real estate portfolios. Consistent
with the strategic focus on commercial lending, both segments saw
solid growth during 2015, and continued strong commercial loan
demand and originations in 2016, despite some significant loan
payoffs during the first quarter of 2016. This growth has included
balances being drawn on commercial construction loans and higher
balances on commercial lines of credit. Commercial and commercial
real estate loans together comprised 52.8% of the Company s
loan portfolio at September 30, 2015, increasing slightly to 53.1%
at December 31, 2015 and increasing again to 55.3% at September 30,
2016. The increase in the absolute and relative size of the
commercial loan portfolio has also increased geographic
diversification, with much of the growth in commercial loans
occurring in central Vermont and Chittenden County. 

The
following table reflects the composition of the Company's loan
portfolio, by portfolio segment, as a percentage of total loans as
of the dates indicated: 

Risk in
the Company s commercial   industrial and commercial real
estate loan portfolios is mitigated in part by government
guarantees issued by federal agencies such as the SBA and U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development. At September
30, 2016, the Company had $26,476,719 in guaranteed loans with
guaranteed balances of $20,070,993, compared to $21,823,375 in
guaranteed loans with guaranteed balances of $16,853,181 at
December 31, 2015 and $21,583,643 in guaranteed loans with
guaranteed balances of $16,824,894 at September 30,
2015. 

45 

The
Company works actively with customers early in the delinquency
process to help them to avoid default and foreclosure. Commercial
  industrial and commercial real estate loans are generally
placed on non-accrual status when there is deterioration in the
financial position of the borrower, payment in full of principal
and interest is not expected, and/or principal or interest has been
in default for 90 days or more. However, such a loan need not be
placed on non-accrual status if it is both well secured and in the
process of collection. Residential mortgages and home equity loans
are considered for non-accrual status at 90 days past due and are
evaluated on a case-by-case basis. The Company obtains current
property appraisals or market value analyses and considers the cost
to carry and sell collateral in order to assess the level of
specific allocations required. Consumer loans are generally not
placed in non-accrual but are charged off by the time they reach
120 days past due. When a loan is placed in non-accrual status, the
Company's policy is to reverse the accrued interest against current
period income and to discontinue the accrual of interest until the
borrower clearly demonstrates the ability and intention to resume
normal payments, typically demonstrated by regular timely payments
for a period of not less than six months. Interest payments
received on non-accrual or impaired loans are generally applied as
a reduction of the loan principal balance. 

The
Company s non-performing assets decreased $2,235,010, or
34.8%, to $4,187,245, during the first nine months of 2016. The
improvement in non-performing loans resulted principally from a
combination of two loans moving to OREO and several loan
relationships moving from non-accrual to accrual status, with one
of those relationships accounting for the majority of the
improvement. Claims receivable on related government guarantees
were $0 at September 30, 2016 compared to $200,377 at December 31,
2015 and $73,394 at September 30, 2015, with several USDA and SBA
claims settled and paid throughout the year. Non-performing loans
as of September 30, 2016 carried USDA or SBA guarantees totaling
$168,861. 

The
following table reflects the composition of the Company's
non-performing assets, by portfolio segment, as a percentage of
total non-performing assets as of the dates indicated: 

(1) No
consumer loans were in non-accrual status as of the consolidated
balance sheet dates. In accordance with Company policy, delinquent
consumer loans are charged off at 120 days past due. 

As of
the balance sheet dates, the Company was not contractually
committed to lend additional funds to debtors with impaired or
non-accrual loans. The Company is contractually committed to lend
on one SBA guaranteed line of credit to a borrower whose lending
relationship was previously restructured, but is no longer
considered impaired for disclosure purposes. 

The
Company s Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) are principally
a result of extending loan repayment terms to relieve cash flow
difficulties. The Company has only infrequently reduced interest
rates for borrowers below the current market rate. The Company has
not forgiven principal or reduced accrued interest within the terms
of original restructurings. Management evaluates each TDR situation
on its own merits and does not foreclose the granting of any
particular type of concession. 

46 

The
non-performing assets in the table above include the following TDRs
that were past due 90 days or more or in non-accrual status as of
the dates presented: 

The
remainder of the Company s TDRs were performing in accordance
with their modified terms as of the dates presented and consisted
of the following: 

The
increase in the performing TDRs is primarily attributable to one
large commercial real estate loan that has performed for an
extended period of time and was moved from non-accrual status to
accruing during the first quarter of 2016. 

The
Company s OREO portfolio at September 30, 2016 consisted of
two residential properties compared to one residential property and
one commercial property at December 31, 2015 and three residential
properties and one commercial property at September 30, 2015. All
properties were acquired through the normal foreclosure process or
by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. The Company took control of a
commercial property in February, 2016 and then sold the property in
March, 2016, and acquired one residential property in February,
2016 which is still held in its OREO portfolio. In June, 2016, the
Company sold one of its OREO properties that had been held since
2011 and took a write-down of $26,000 on a property held since
2014. The combined effect of this activity resulted in an increase
of $147,000 in its OREO portfolio, to end the first nine months of
2016 at $409,000. 

Allowance for loan losses and provisions  - The Company
maintains an allowance for loan losses (allowance) at a level that
management believes is appropriate to absorb losses inherent in the
loan portfolio as of the measurement date (See Critical Accounting
Policies). Although the Company, in establishing the allowance,
considers the inherent losses in individual loans and pools of
loans, the allowance is a general reserve available to absorb all
credit losses in the loan portfolio. No part of the allowance is
segregated to absorb losses from any particular loan or segment of
loans. 

When
establishing the allowance each quarter the Company applies a
combination of historical loss factors and qualitative factors to
loan segments, including residential first and junior lien
mortgages, commercial real estate, commercial   industrial, and
consumer loan portfolios. No changes were made to the allowance
methodology during the first nine months of 2016. The Company will
shorten or lengthen its look back period for determining average
portfolio historical loss rates as the economy either contracts or
expands; during a period of economic contraction, a shortening of
the look back period may more conservatively reflect the current
economic climate. The highest loss rates experienced for the look
back period are applied to the various segments in establishing the
allowance. 

The
Company applies numerous qualitative factors to each segment of the
loan portfolio. Those factors include the levels of and trends in
delinquencies and non-accrual loans, criticized and classified
assets, volumes and terms of loans, and the impact of any loan
policy changes. Experience, ability and depth of lending personnel,
levels of policy and documentation exceptions, national and local
economic trends, the competitive environment, and concentrations of
credit are also factors considered. While unallocated reserves have
decreased, they are considered by management to be appropriate in
light of the Company s continued growth strategy and shift in
the portfolio from residential loans to commercial and commercial
real estate loans and the risk associated with the relatively new,
unseasoned loans in those portfolios. 

47 

The
adequacy of the allowance is reviewed quarterly by the risk
management committee of the Board of Directors and then presented
to the full Board of Directors for approval. 

The
following table summarizes the Company's loan loss experience for
the periods presented: 

The
Company decreased its provision during the first three months of
2016, while staying on budget for the second and third quarters of
2016, resulting in a provision of $400,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to $375,000 for the same period
in 2015, an increase of $25,000 or 6.7%. The increase in the
provision is principally related to growth in the loan portfolio in
2016. The marked increase in the Company s allowance coverage
of non-accruing loans as of the end of the first nine months of
2016 reflects the combined effect of an increase in the allowance
for loan losses and a decrease in non-accruing loans. The Company
has an experienced collections department that continues to work
actively with borrowers to resolve problem loans and manage the
OREO portfolio, and management continues to monitor the loan
portfolio closely. 

Specific
allocations to the allowance are made for certain impaired loans.
Impaired loans include loans to a borrower that in aggregate are
greater than $100,000 and that are in non-accrual status or are
troubled debt restructurings. A loan is considered impaired when it
is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts
due, including interest and principal, according to the contractual
terms of the loan agreement. The Company will review all the facts
and circumstances surrounding non-accrual loans and on a
case-by-case basis may consider loans below the threshold as
impaired when such treatment is material to the financial
statements. See Note 5 to the accompanying unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements for information on the recorded
investment in impaired loans and their related
allocations. 

The
portion of the allowance termed "unallocated" is established to
absorb inherent losses that exist as of the measurement date
although not specifically identified through management's process
for estimating credit losses. While the allowance is described as
consisting of separate allocated portions, the entire allowance is
available to support loan losses, regardless of
category. 

48 

Certain Related Party Loans 

Some of
the incumbent directors, nominees and executive officers of the
Company, and some of the corporations and firms with which these
individuals are associated, are customers of the Bank in the
ordinary course of business, or have loans outstanding from the
Bank (referred to in this discussion as  related party
loans ), and it is anticipated that they will continue to be
customers of and indebted to the Bank in the future. All such
related party loans were made in the ordinary course of business,
and were made on substantially the same terms, including interest
rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the same time for
comparable Bank transactions with unaffiliated persons, although
directors were generally allowed the lowest interest rate given to
others on comparable loans.  Except as disclosed in the
following paragraph, none of such related party loans represents
more than the normal risk of collectability or presents other
unfavorable features. 

As
previously reported, the Bank had two loans outstanding to related
commercial enterprises in which one of the Company s
Directors is a 35% non-controlling equity owner. The loans
consisting of a commercial line of credit and a commercial real
estate loan, went into default during the third quarter of 2016.
The Director subsequently purchased the defaulted commercial line
of credit from the Bank at par plus unpaid interest. As of
September 30, 2016, the real estate-secured term loan had an
outstanding principal balance of $2,556,666 plus accrued interest
of $7,121. The Bank believes that the value of the collateral
exceeds the aggregate amount of the indebtedness and does not
expect to incur a loss on the loan, with liquidation of the real
estate collateral required within two years under the terms of a
forbearance agreement with the borrower. 

Market Risk  - In addition to credit risk in the
Company s loan portfolio and liquidity risk in its loan and
deposit-taking operations, the Company s business activities
also generate market risk. Market risk is the risk of loss in a
financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market prices
and rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and
equity prices. Declining capital markets can result in fair value
adjustments necessary to record decreases in the value of the
investment portfolio for other-than-temporary-impairment. The
Company does not have any market risk sensitive instruments
acquired for trading purposes. The Company s market risk
arises primarily from interest rate risk inherent in its lending
and deposit taking activities. During times of recessionary
periods, a declining housing market can result in an increase in
loan loss reserves or ultimately an increase in foreclosures.
Interest rate risk is directly related to the different maturities
and repricing characteristics of interest-bearing assets and
liabilities, as well as to loan prepayment risks, early withdrawal
of time deposits, and the fact that the speed and magnitude of
responses to interest rate changes vary by product. The prolonged
weak economy and disruption in the financial markets in recent
years may heighten the Company s market risk. As discussed
above under "Interest Rate Risk and Asset and Liability
Management", the Company actively monitors and manages its interest
rate risk through the ALCO process. 

COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND OFF-BALANCE-SHEET
ARRANGEMENTS 

The
Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet
risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs
of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments
to extend credit, standby letters of credit and risk-sharing
commitments on certain sold loans. Such instruments involve, to
varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in
excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. The contract
or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of
involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial
instruments. During the first nine months of 2016, the Company did
not engage in any activity that created any additional types of
off-balance sheet risk. 

49 

The
Company generally requires collateral or other security to support
financial instruments with credit risk. The Company's financial
instruments whose contract amount represents credit risk were as
follows: 

Since
many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn
upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent
future cash requirements. 

In
connection with its 2007 trust preferred securities financing, the
Company guaranteed the payment obligations under the $12,500,000 of
capital securities of its subsidiary, CMTV Statutory Trust I. The
source of funds for payments by the Trust on its capital securities
is payments made by the Company on its debentures issued to the
Trust. The Company's obligation under those debentures is fully
reflected in the Company's balance sheet, in the gross amount of
$12,887,000 for each of the comparison periods, of which
$12,500,000 represents external financing through the issuance to
investors of capital securities by CMTV Statutory Trust
I. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Managing
liquidity risk is essential to maintaining both depositor
confidence and stability in earnings. Liquidity management refers
to the ability of the Company to adequately cover fluctuations in
assets and liabilities. Meeting loan demand (assets) and covering
the withdrawal of deposit funds (liabilities) are two key
components of the liquidity management process. The Company s
principal sources of funds are deposits, amortization and
prepayment of loans and securities, maturities of investment
securities, sales of loans available-for-sale, and earnings and
funds provided from operations. Maintaining a relatively stable
funding base, which is achieved by diversifying funding sources,
competitively pricing deposit products, and extending the
contractual maturity of liabilities, reduces the Company s
exposure to roll over risk on deposits and limits reliance on
volatile short-term borrowed funds. Short-term funding needs arise
from declines in deposits or other funding sources and from funding
requirements for loan commitments. The Company s strategy is
to fund assets to the maximum extent possible with core deposits
that provide a sizable source of relatively stable and low-cost
funds. 

The
Company recognizes that, at times, when loan demand exceeds deposit
growth or the Company has other liquidity demands, it may be
desirable to utilize alternative sources of deposit funding to
augment retail deposits and borrowings. One-way deposits purchased
through the CDARS provide an alternative funding source when
needed. Such deposits are generally considered a form of brokered
deposits.    At
September 30, 2016, the Company had $10,000,000 in one way CDARS
deposits outstanding, which it utilized to fund increased loan
demand, compared to $4,164,471 at December 31, 2015 and $0 at
September 30, 2015. In addition, two-way CDARS deposits allow the
Company to provide Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)
deposit insurance to its customers in excess of account coverage
limits by exchanging deposits with other CDARS members. At
September 30, 2016, the Company reported $3,213,916 in two-way
CDARS deposits representing exchanged deposits with other CDARS
participating banks, compared to $2,777,775 at December 31, 2015
and $2,771,356 at September 30, 2015. Promontory also sponsors a
deposit-exchange for participating banks to offer their customers
full insured cash sweep (ICS) money market accounts and ICS demand
deposit accounts. The balance in ICS reciprocal money market
deposits was $11,559,412 at September 30, 2016, compared to
$12,054,406 at December 31, 2015 and $11,787,181 at September 30,
2015, and the balance in ICS reciprocal demand deposits as of such
dates was $7,205,672, $8,637,935 and $5,775,864,
respectively. 

At
September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015,
borrowing capacity of approximately $67,359,726, $72,091,633 and
$73,898,951, respectively, was available through the FHLBB, secured
by the Company's qualifying loan portfolio (generally, residential
mortgage loans), reduced by outstanding advances and by collateral
pledges securing FHLBB letters of credit collateralizing public
unit deposits. The Company also has an unsecured Federal Funds
credit line with the FHLBB with an available balance of $500,000
and no outstanding advances during any of the respective comparison
periods. Interest on the credit line is chargeable at a rate
determined daily, approximately 25 basis points higher than the
rate paid on federal funds sold. 

50 

The
following table reflects the Company s outstanding FHLBB
advances against the respective lines as of the dates
indicated: 

(1) 

  The Company has
borrowed a total of $550,000 under the FHLBB s Jobs for New
England (JNE) program, a program dedicated to supporting job growth
and economic development throughout New England. The FHLBB is
providing a subsidy, funded by the FHLBB s earnings, to write
down interest rates to zero percent on JNE advances that finance
qualifying loans to small businesses. JNE advances must support
lending to small businesses in New England that create and/or
retain jobs, or otherwise contribute to overall economic
development activities. 

The
Company has a Borrower-in-Custody arrangement with the FRBB secured
by eligible commercial loans, commercial real estate loans and home
equity loans, resulting in an available credit line of $71,326,693,
$72,345,479, and $76,725,365, respectively, at September 30, 2016,
December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015. Credit advances under
this FRBB lending program are overnight advances with interest
chargeable at the primary credit rate (generally referred to as the
discount rate), currently 100 basis points. The Company had no
outstanding advances against this credit line during any of the
periods presented. 

The
Company has unsecured credit lines with two of its correspondent
banks with available lines totaling $7,500,000 as of the balance
sheet dates presented. There were no outstanding advances against
either of these lines during any of the respective comparison
periods. 

Securities
sold under agreements to repurchase provide another funding source
for the Company. At September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and
September 30, 2015, the Company had outstanding repurchase
agreement balances of $25,834,249, $22,073,238 and $21,977,315,
respectively, as of such dates. These repurchase agreements mature
and are repriced daily. 

The
following table illustrates the changes in shareholders' equity
from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016: 

The
primary objective of the Company s capital planning process
is to balance appropriately the retention of capital to support
operations and future growth, with the goal of providing
shareholders an attractive return on their investment. To that end,
management monitors capital retention and dividend policies on an
ongoing basis. 

51 

As
described in more detail in the Company s 2015 Annual Report
on Form 10-K in Note 20 to the audited consolidated financial
statements contained therein and under the caption  LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  in the Management s Discussion
and Analysis section of such report, the Company (on a consolidated
basis) and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital
requirements administered by the federal banking agencies pursuant
to which they must meet specific capital guidelines that involve
quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities and certain
off-balance-sheet items. Capital amounts and classifications are
also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about
components, risk weightings and other factors. 

As of
September 30, 2016, the Bank was considered well capitalized under
the regulatory capital framework for Prompt Corrective Action and
the Company exceeded all applicable consolidated regulatory capital
guidelines. 

The
following table shows the Company s actual capital ratios and
those of its subsidiary, as well as applicable regulatory capital
requirements, as of the dates indicated. 

(1)
Applicable to banks, but not bank holding companies. 

52 

The
table above reflects the Basel III regulatory capital ratio
requirements that became effective on January 1, 2015. Beginning in
2016, an additional capital conservation buffer has been added to
the minimum requirements for capital adequacy purposes, subject to
a three year phase-in period. The capital conservation buffer will
be fully phased-in on January 1, 2019 at 2.5 percent. A banking
organization with a capital conservation buffer of less than 2.5
percent (or the required phase-in amount in years prior to 2019)
will be subject to limitations on capital distributions, including
dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to
executive officers. As of September 30, 2016, on a pro forma basis
both the Company and the Bank would be compliant with the fully
phased-in capital conservation buffer requirement. 

The
Company's ability to pay dividends to its shareholders is largely
dependent on the Bank's ability to pay dividends to the Company. In
general, a national bank may not pay dividends that exceed net
income for the current and preceding two years, and regardless of
statutory restrictions, as a matter of regulatory policy, banks and
bank holding companies should pay dividends only out of current
earnings and only if, after paying such dividends, they remain
adequately capitalized. 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

The
Company's management of the credit, liquidity and market risk
inherent in its business operations is discussed in Part 1, Item 2
of this report under the captions "CHANGES IN FINANCIAL CONDITION",
 COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND OFF-BALANCE-SHEET
ARRANGEMENTS  and  LIQUIDITY   CAPITAL
RESOURCES  ,  which are
incorporated herein by reference. Management does not believe that
there have been any material changes in the nature or categories of
the Company's risk exposures from those disclosed in the
Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). As of
September 30, 2016, an evaluation was performed under the
supervision and with the participation of management, including the
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation,
management concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures as
of September 30, 2016 were effective in ensuring that material
information required to be disclosed in the reports it files with
the Commission under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported on a timely basis. 

For
this purpose, the term  disclosure controls and
procedures  means controls and other procedures of the
Company that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by it in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended
September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 

In the
normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiary are
involved in litigation that is considered incidental to their
business. Management does not expect that any such litigation will
be material to the Company's consolidated financial condition or
results of operations. 

53 

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds 

The
following table provides information as to the purchases of the
Company s common stock during the three months ended
September 30, 2016, by the Company or by any affiliated purchaser
(as defined in SEC Rule 10b-18). 

(1)  All
8,800 shares were purchased for the account of participants
invested in the Company Stock Fund under the Company s
Retirement Savings Plan by or on behalf of the Plan Trustee, the
Human Resources Committee of Community National
Bank.  Such share purchases were facilitated through
CFSG, which provides certain investment advisory services to the
Plan.  Both the Plan Trustee and CFSG may be considered
affiliates of the Company under Rule 10b-18. 

(2)  Shares
purchased during the period do not include fractional shares
repurchased from time to time in connection with the participant's
election to discontinue participation in the Company's Dividend
Reinvestment Plan. 

ITEM 6. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed with this report: 

Exhibit
31.1 - Certification from the Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) of the Company pursuant to section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Exhibit
31.2 - Certification from the Corporate Secretary and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Officer) of the Company pursuant to section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Exhibit
32.1 - Certification from the Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C., Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002* 

Exhibit
32.2 - Certification from the Corporate Secretary and Treasurer
(Principal Financial Officer) of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C.,
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

Exhibit
101--The following materials from the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the
unaudited consolidated balance sheets, (ii) the unaudited
consolidated statements of income for the three and nine month
interim periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) the
unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income, (iv) the
unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows and (v) related
notes. 

* This
exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise
subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the
Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. 

54 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

COMMUNITY
BANCORP. 

DATED:
November 10, 2016 

/s/
Stephen P.
Marsh                                 

Stephen
P. Marsh, Board Chair 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

DATED:
November 10, 2016 

/s/
Louise M.
Bonvechio                           

Louise
M. Bonvechio, Corporate 

Secretary
and Treasurer 

(Principal
Financial Officer) 

55 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31_1certifications.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Stephen P. Marsh, Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer), certify that: 

1. 

I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Community
Bancorp.; 

2. 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) 

Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Community Bancorp. 

November
10, 2016 

By: /s/
Stephen P.
Marsh                            

Name:
Stephen P. Marsh, 

Title:
Board Chair   Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31_2certificationl.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Louise M. Bonvechio, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer (Principal
Financial Officer), certify that: 

1. 

I have
reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Community
Bancorp.; 

2. 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 

The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) 

Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Community Bancorp. 

November
10, 2016 

By: /s/
Louise M.
Bonvechio                               

Name:
Louise M. Bonvechio 

Title:
Corporate Secretary and Treasurer 

(Principal
Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32_1certifications.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Community Bancorp. (the
"Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016,
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the "Report"), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of
the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and
2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the
Report. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to Community Bancorp. and will be retained by
Community Bancorp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

Community Bancorp. 

November
10, 2016 

By: /s/
Stephen P.
Marsh                                       

Name:
Stephen P. Marsh, 

Title:
Board Chair   Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32_2certificationl.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Community Bancorp. (the
"Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the "Report"), the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of
the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and
2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the
Report. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to Community Bancorp. and will be retained by
Community Bancorp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

Community Bancorp. 

November
10, 2016 

By: /s/
Louise M.
Bonvechio                                

Name:
Louise M. Bonvechio 

Title:
Corporate Secretary andTreasurer 

(Principal
Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 cmtv-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cmtv-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cmtv-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cmtv-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cmtv-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cmtv-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

