<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1347652_0001347652-16-000041_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9333501</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>185481</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>911664</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3025743</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3784274</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1251289</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001347652-16-000041.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104121533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001347652-16-000041
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001347652
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				203431375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33292
		FILM NUMBER:		161974277

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 WALNUT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3350
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-699-2677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 WALNUT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3350
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TORTOISE CAPITAL RESOURCES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051221

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001347652-16-000041.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 corr-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, DC 20549    
  ___________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
   ___________________________________________ 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                         to                       
  Commission file number: 001-33292 
  _________________________________________________________ 
  
  CORENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE TRUST, INC. 
  ______________________________________________________________________ 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Maryland 
      
    20-3431375 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

(816) 875-3705 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  n/a 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
  ___________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No     o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes    x      No         o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer , and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    x 
      Non-accelerated filer 
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act)     Yes            No    x 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , the registrant had   11,876,389   common shares outstanding. 

CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  ____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
                            Glossary of Defined Terms  
      
    3 
       Forward-Looking Statements  
      
    6 
       PART I  
      
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
    8 
        
     Item 1.  
      
     Financial Statements (unaudited)  
      
    8 

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      
    8 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income  
      
    9 

Consolidated Statements of Equity  
      
    10 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      
    11 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
    13 

1.  
     Introduction and Basis of Presentation  
    13 

2.  
     Significant Accounting Policies  
    14 

3.  
     Leased Properties and Leases  
    15 

4.  
     Financing Notes Receivable  
    18 

5.  
     Variable Interest Entities  
    18 

6.  
     Income Taxes  
    19 

7.  
     Property and Equipment  
    20 

8.  
     Management Agreement  
    21 

9.  
     Fair Value  
    21 

10.  
     Credit Facilities  
    24 

11.  
     Convertible Debt  
    26 

12.  
     Stockholders' Equity  
    26 

13.  
     Earnings Per Share  
    27 

14.  
     Subsequent Events  
    27 
        
     Item 2.  
      
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    29 
        
     Item 3.  
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      
    46 
        
     Item 4.  
      
     Controls and Procedures  
      
    47 

PART II.  
      
     OTHER INFORMATION  
      
    47 
        
     Item 1.  
      
     Legal Proceedings  
      
    47 
        
     Item 1A.  
      
     Risk Factors  
      
    47 
        
     Item 2.  
      
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
    49 
        
     Item 3.  
      
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      
    49 
        
     Item 4.  
      
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
      
    49 
        
     Item 5.  
      
     Other Information  
      
    49 
        
     Item 6.  
      
     Exhibits  
      
    50 

This report should be read in its entirety. No one section of the report deals with all aspects of the subject matter. It should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, related notes, and with the Management's Discussion   Analysis ("MD A") included within, as well as provided in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The consolidated unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information, the instructions to Form 10-Q, and Article 10 of Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, they do not  
  
   2 

include all of the information and notes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  In the opinion of Management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  Operating results   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ended   December 31, 2016   or for any other interim or annual period.  For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in the CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
  Certain of the defined terms used in this report are set forth below: 
  Accretion Expense:   the expense recognized when adjusting the present value of the GIGS ARO for the passage of time 
  Administrative Agreement:   the Administrative Agreement dated December 1, 2011, as amended effective August 7, 2012, between the Company and Corridor 
  Arc Logistics:   Arc Logistics Partners LP (NYSE: ARCX) 
  Arc Terminals:   Arc Terminals Holdings LLC, an indirect wholly-owned operating subsidiary of Arc Logistics 
  ARO:    the Asset Retirement Obligation liabilities assumed with the acquisition of GIGS 
  ASC:   FASB Accounting Standards Codification 
  Bbls:   standard barrel containing 42 U.S. gallons 
  BB Intermediate:   Black Bison Intermediate Holdings, LLC, the holding company of Black Bison Water Services 
  Black Bison Notes:   the financing notes between Corridor Bison and CorEnergy BBWS and BBWS 
  BBWS:   Black Bison Water Services, LLC, the borrower of the Black Bison financing notes, as well as all of the other collateral securing the Black Bison Loans 
  CorEnergy:   CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. (NYSE: CORR) 
  CorEnergy BBWS:   CorEnergy BBWS, Inc., a wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary of CorEnergy 
  Convertible Notes:   the Company's   7.00%   Convertible Senior Notes Due 2020 
  Corridor:   Corridor InfraTrust Management, LLC, the Company's external manager pursuant to the Management Agreement 
  Corridor Bison:   Corridor Bison, LLC a wholly-owned subsidiary of CorEnergy 
  Corridor MoGas:   Corridor MoGas, Inc., a wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary of CorEnergy and the holding company of MoGas, United Property Systems and CorEnergy Pipeline Company, LLC 
  Corridor Private:   Corridor Private Holdings, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary of CorEnergy 
  CPI:   Consumer Price Index 
  EIP:   the Eastern Interconnect Project, which includes 216 miles of 345-kilovolt transmission lines, towers, easement rights, converters and other grid support components that move electricity across New Mexico between Albuquerque and Clovis 
  Exchange Act:   the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
  EXXI:   Energy XXI Ltd (OTC Pink: EXXIQ) 
  EXXI Tenant:   Energy XXI GIGS Services, LLC, a wholly-owned operating subsidiary of EXXI that is the tenant under Grand Isle Corridor's triple-net lease of the Grand Isle Gathering System 
  FASB:   Financial Accounting Standards Board 
  FERC:   Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 

3 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS   (  Continued from previous page  ) 
  Four Wood Corridor:   Four Wood Corridor, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CorEnergy 
  Four Wood Energy:   Four Wood Energy Partners LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Four Wood Capital Partners LLC 
  Four Wood Notes:   the financing notes between Four Wood Corridor and Corridor Private and SWD 
  GAAP:   U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
  GIGS:   the Grand Isle Gathering System, owned by Grand Isle Corridor, LP and triple-net leased to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Energy XXI Ltd 
  Grand Isle Corridor:   Grand Isle Corridor, LP, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company 
  Grand Isle Gathering System:    a subsea midstream pipeline gathering system located in the shallow Gulf of Mexico shelf and storage and onshore processing facilities 
  Grand Isle Lease Agreement:   the June 2015 agreement pursuant to which the Grand Isle Gathering System assets are triple-net leased to EXXI Tenant 
  Leeds Path West:   Corridor Leads Path West, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of CorEnergy 
  Lightfoot:   collectively, Lightfoot Capital Partners, LP and Lightfoot Capital Partners GP LLC 
  Management Agreement:   references to the Management Agreement as in effect prior to May 1, 2015 mean the Management Agreement that became effective July 1, 2013, as amended effective January 1, 2014, while references to the Management Agreement as in effect on and after May 1, 2015 mean the new Management Agreement entered into May 8, 2015, effective as of May 1, 2015, between the Company and Corridor 
  MMBTu:   Million British Thermal Units, a measurement of natural gas 
  MoGas:   MoGas Pipeline LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CorEnergy 
  MoGas Pipeline System:   an approximately 263-mile interstate natural gas pipeline system in and around St. Louis and extending into central Missouri, owned and operated by MoGas 
  MoGas Revolver:   a $3 million secured revolving line of credit facility at the MoGas subsidiary level with Regions Bank 
  Mowood:   Mowood, LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CorEnergy and the holding company of Omega Pipeline Company, LLC 
  Mowood/Omega Revolver:   a $1.5 million revolving line of credit facility at the Mowood subsidiary level with Regions Bank 
  NAREIT:   National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts 
  Omega:   Omega Pipeline Company, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mowood, LLC 
  Omega Pipeline:   Omega's natural gas distribution system in south central Missouri 
  Pinedale Credit Facility:   a $70 million secured term credit facility, with the Company and Prudential as current lenders, used by Pinedale Corridor, LP to finance a portion of the acquisition of the Pinedale LGS.  See Note 12, Credit Facilities, for a more in-depth discussion of this agreement. 
  Pinedale LGS:   the Pinedale Liquids Gathering System, a system consisting of approximately 150 miles of pipelines and four above-ground central gathering facilities located in the Pinedale Anticline in Wyoming, owned by Pinedale LP and triple-net leased to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ultra Petroleum 
  Pinedale Lease Agreement:   the December 2012 agreement pursuant to which the Pinedale LGS assets are triple-net leased to a wholly owned subsidiary of Ultra Petroleum 
  Pinedale LP:   Pinedale Corridor, LP 

4 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS   (  Continued from previous page  ) 
  Pinedale GP:   the general partner of Pinedale LP 
  Portland Lease Agreement:   the January 2014 agreement pursuant to which the Portland Terminal Facility is triple-net leased to Arc Terminals, a wholly owned subsidiary of Arc Logistics Partners LP 
  Portland Terminal Facility:   a petroleum products terminal located in Portland, Oregon 
  PNM:   Public Service Company of New Mexico, a subsidiary of PNM Resources Inc. (NYSE: PNM) 
  PNM Lease Agreement:   a triple net lease agreement for the Eastern Interconnect Project 
  Prudential:   The Prudential Insurance Company of America 
  QDI:   qualified dividend income 
  Regions Revolver:   the Company s $105 million secured revolving line of credit facility with Regions Bank 
  Regions Credit Facility:   the Company's $45 million secured Term Loan, together with the upsized $105 million Regions Revolver and the $3 million MoGas Revolver with Regions Bank 
  Regions Term Loan:   the Company's $45 million secured term loan with Regions Bank that is part of the Regions Credit Facility 
  REIT:   real estate investment trust 
  SEC:   Securities and Exchange Commission 
  Series A Preferred:   the Company's 7.375% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which there currently are outstanding 22,500 shares represented by 2,250,000 depositary shares, each representing 1/100th of a whole share of Series A Preferred 
  SWD:   SWD Enterprises, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Four Wood Energy Partners, LLC 
  TRS:   taxable REIT subsidiary 
  Ultra Petroleum:   Ultra Petroleum Corp. (OTC Pink: UPLMQ) 
  Ultra Wyoming:   Ultra Wyoming LGS LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ultra Petroleum 
  United Property Systems:   United Property Systems, LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CorEnergy, acquired with the MoGas transaction in November 2014 
  VIE:   Variable Interest Entity 
  VantaCore:   VantaCore Partners LP 
  WTI:   West Texas Intermediate, grade of crude oil used for benchmarking price 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be deemed  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the federal securities laws. In many cases, these forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as  will,   may,   should,   could,   believes,   expects,   anticipates,   estimates,   intends,   projects,   goals,   objectives,   targets,   predicts,   plans,   seeks,  or similar expressions. 
  Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and we can give no assurance that these expectations will be attained.  Our actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements due to a variety of known and unknown risks and uncertainties.  You should also understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the following list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements include: 
             
    the ability of our tenants and borrowers to make payments under their respective leases and mortgage loans, our reliance on certain major tenants under single tenant leases and our ability to re-lease properties; 
                
    changes in economic and business conditions in the energy infrastructure sector where our investments are concentrated, including the financial condition of our tenants or borrowers and general economic conditions in the particular sectors of the energy industry served by each of our infrastructure assets; 
                
    the inherent risks associated with owning real estate, including real estate market conditions, governing laws and regulations, including potential liabilities related to environmental matters, and the relative illiquidity of real estate investments; 
                
    risks associated with the bankruptcy or default of any of our tenants or borrowers, including the exercise of the rights and remedies of bankrupt entities; 
                
    the impact of laws and governmental regulations applicable to certain of our infrastructure assets, including additional costs imposed on our business or other adverse impacts as a result of any unfavorable changes in such laws or regulations; 
                
    the loss of any member of our management team; 
                
    our continued ability to access the debt and equity markets; 
                
    our ability to successfully implement our selective acquisition strategy, including the inability to pursue our strategy due to unresolved issues impacting our current significant tenants or borrowers; 
                
    our ability to obtain suitable tenants for our properties; 
                
    our ability to refinance amounts outstanding under our credit facilities and our convertible notes at maturity on terms favorable to us; 
                
    changes in interest rates under our current credit facilities and under any additional variable rate debt arrangements that we may enter into in the future; 
                
    our ability to comply with certain debt covenants; 
                
    dependence by us and our tenants on key customers for significant revenues, and the risk of defaults by any such tenants or customers; 
                
    our or our tenants' ability to secure adequate insurance and risk of potential uninsured losses, including from natural disasters; 
                
    the continued availability of third party pipelines, railroads or other facilities interconnected with certain of our infrastructure assets; 
                
    risks associated with owning, operating or financing properties for which the tenants', mortgagors' or our operations may be impacted by extreme weather patterns and other natural phenomena; 
                
    our ability to sell properties at an attractive price; 
                
    market conditions and related price volatility affecting our debt and equity securities; 
                
    competitive and regulatory pressures on the revenues of our interstate natural gas transmission business; 
                
    changes in federal or state tax rules or regulations that could have adverse tax consequences; 
                
    declines in the market value of our investment securities; 
                
    our ability to maintain internal controls and processes to ensure all transactions are accounted for properly, all relevant disclosures and filings are timely made in accordance with all rules and regulations, and any potential fraud or embezzlement is thwarted or detected; 
                
    changes in federal income tax regulations (and applicable interpretations thereof), or in the composition or performance of our assets, that could impact our ability to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes; 
     
   6 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

risks related to potential terrorist attacks, acts of cyber-terrorism, or similar disruptions that could disrupt access to our information technology systems or result in other significant damage to our business and properties, some of which may not be covered by insurance and all of which could adversely impact distributions to our stockholders. 
     Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. While we may update these statements from time to time, we are not required to do so other than pursuant to applicable laws. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact our future results and performance, see Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 14, 2016 and Part II, Item 1A., Risk Factors, in this report. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

8 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (Unaudited)   

9 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

10 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (Unaudited) 

11 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc.      (  Continued from previous page  ) 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
                               
    For the Nine Months Ended 
        
    September 30, 2016 
      
    September 30, 2015 
      Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Interest paid 
    $ 
    7,829,619 

$ 
    2,657,567 
      
      Income taxes paid (net of refunds) 
    $ 
    42,200 

$ 
    608,754 

Non-Cash Investing Activities 

Change in accounts and other receivables 
    $ 
    (450,000 
    ) 
      
    $ 

Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses related to acquisition expenditures 
    $ 

$ 
    (448,780 
    ) 
      Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses related to issuance of financing and other notes receivable 
    $ 

$ 
    (39,248 
    ) 
      Net change in Assets Held for Sale, Property and equipment, Prepaid expenses and other assets, Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities and Liabilities held for sale 
    $ 
    (1,776,549 
    ) 
      
    $ 

Non-Cash Financing Activities 

Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses related to the issuance of common equity 
    $ 

$ 
    (72,685 
    ) 
      Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses related to debt financing costs 
    $ 

$ 
    35,472 
      
      Reinvestment of distributions by common stockholders in additional common shares 
    $ 
    494,251 

$ 
    471,706 
      
      See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

12 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited) 
  September 30, 2016    
   
  1.     INTRODUCTION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION    
  Introduction 
  CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. ("CorEnergy"), was organized as a Maryland corporation and commenced operations on December 8, 2005. The Company's common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol  CORR  and the depositary shares representing our Series A Preferred are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "CORR PrA " As used in this report, the terms "we", "us", "our" and the "Company" refer to CorEnergy and its subsidiaries.  
  We are primarily focused on acquiring and financing midstream and downstream real estate assets within the U.S. energy infrastructure sector and concurrently entering into long-term triple-net participating leases with energy companies. We also may provide other types of capital, including loans secured by energy infrastructure assets. Targeted assets include pipelines, storage tanks, transmission lines, and gathering systems, among others. These sale-leaseback or real property mortgage transactions provide the energy company with a source of capital that is an alternative to other sources such as corporate borrowing, bond offerings, or equity offerings. Many of our leases contain participation features in the financial performance or value of the underlying infrastructure real property asset. The triple-net lease structure requires that the tenant pay all operating expenses of the business conducted by the tenant, including real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, and expenses of maintaining the asset in good working order.  We consider our investments in these energy infrastructure assets to be a single business segment and report them accordingly in our financial statements. 
  In 2013 we qualified, and in March 2014 elected (effective as of January 1, 2013), to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Because certain of our assets may not produce REIT-qualifying income or be treated as interests in real property, those assets are held in wholly-owned Taxable REIT Subsidiaries ("TRSs") in order to limit the potential that such assets and income could prevent us from qualifying as a REIT.  Our use of TRSs enables us to continue to engage in certain businesses while complying with REIT qualification requirements and also allows us to retain income generated by these businesses for reinvestment without the requirement of distributing those earnings. In the future, we may elect to reorganize and transfer certain assets or operations from our TRSs to the Company or other subsidiaries, including qualified REIT subsidiaries. 
  Taxable REIT subsidiaries hold our securities portfolio, operating businesses and certain financing notes receivable as follows: 
             
    Corridor Public Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Corridor Private Holdings, Inc, hold our securities portfolio. 
                
    Mowood Corridor, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mowood, LLC, which is the holding company for our operating company, Omega Pipeline Company, LLC. 
                
    Corridor MoGas, Inc. holds the operating companies, MoGas Pipeline, LLC ("MoGas") and United Property Systems, LLC. 
                
    CorEnergy BBWS, Inc., Corridor Private, and Corridor Leeds Path West, Inc. may, from time to time, hold financing notes receivable. 
     Basis of Presentation and Use of Estimates 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements   include CorEnergy accounts and the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries and   have been prepared in accordance with   U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP )   set forth in the Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC"), as published by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), and with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) instructions to Form 10-Q, and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the Company's financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. There were no adjustments that, in the opinion of management, were not of a normal and recurring nature.   All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to non-controlling interests. 
  Operating results   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected   for the year ending December 31, 2016   or any other interim or annual period. These consolidated financial statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with  
  
   13 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

our Annual Report on Form 10-K,   for the year ended December 31, 2015  , filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016 (the "2015 CorEnergy 10-K").    
   
  2.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
  The Company has provided a discussion of significant accounting policies in the 2015 CorEnergy 10-K.  Certain items from that discussion are updated below, as necessary, to assist in the understanding of these interim financial statements. 
  A.   Revenue Recognition       Transportation and distribution revenue     This represents revenue related to natural gas transportation, distribution, and supply.  Transportation revenues are recognized by MoGas on firm contracted capacity over the contract period regardless of whether the contracted capacity is used. For interruptible or volumetric based transportation, revenue is recognized when physical deliveries of natural gas are made at the delivery point agreed upon by both parties. Distribution revenue is recognized by Omega based on agreed upon contractual terms over each annual period during the terms of the contract. Beginning February 1, 2016, due to changes that commenced under a new contract with the Department of Defense ("DOD"), gas sales and cost of (gas) sales are presented on a net basis in the Transportation and distribution revenue line.  
  Omega is also paid fees for the operation and maintenance of its natural gas distribution system, including any necessary expansion of the distribution system. Omega is responsible for the coordination, supervision, and quality of the expansions while actual construction is generally performed by third party contractors. Under the new DOD contract, the annual contracted amount for pipeline expansion is invoiced monthly by Omega on a straight-line basis. Revenues from expansion efforts are recognized using either a completed contract, percentage of completion, or cost-plus method based on the level and volume of estimates utilized, as well as the certainty or uncertainty of our ability to collect those revenues. Amounts invoiced in excess of earned revenue are classified as unearned revenue and included as a liability within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  B.   Transportation and distribution expense         Included here are both MoGas's costs of operating and maintaining the natural gas transmission line, and Omega's costs of operating and maintaining the natural gas distribution system, including any necessary expansion of the distribution system. These costs are incurred both internally and externally. The internal costs relate to system control, pipeline operations, maintenance, insurance, and taxes. Other internal costs include payroll for employees associated with gas control, field employees, and management. The external costs consist of professional services such as audit and accounting, legal and regulatory, and engineering.  
  Historically, Omega's amounts paid for gas and propane delivered to customers were presented as cost of sales. Beginning February 1, 2016, under a new contract with the Department of Defense, amounts paid by Omega for gas and propane are netted against sales and are presented in the transportation and distribution revenue line. See paragraph (A) above. 
  C.   Recent Accounting Pronouncements     In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU No. 2014-09   "  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  "  , which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The standard was originally effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. Early adoption is not permitted. On July 9, 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date making the standard effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The FASB will continue to permit entities to adopt the standard on the original effective date if they choose. The Company is currently evaluating which transition method to use and the potential future impact, if any, the standard will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. However, we do not expect its adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements, as a substantial portion of our revenue consists of rental income from leasing arrangements, which is specifically excluded from ASU 2014-09. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03 "Interest-Imputation of Interest Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs".  The amendments in this update require debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability.  In June 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15 "Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements" to clarify that ASU No. 2015-03 does not address the presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements.  As a result, an entity may present debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements as an asset instead of a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt.  We adopted the accounting standards update as of January 1, 2016 with retrospective application to our December 31, 2015 Consolidated Balance Sheets. The effect of the adoption was to reclassify   $510 thousand   of debt issuance costs at December 31, 2015 from deferred costs, net of accumulated amortization, to long-term debt. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01 "Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities," which will require entities to measure their investments at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income unless the investments qualify for the new practicability exception. The practicability exception will be available for equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. The guidance will be effective for us beginning  
  
   14 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

with the first quarter of 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact that adopting the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 "Leases" which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 31, 2018, with early adoption permitted. At adoption, the standard will be applied using a modified retrospective approach.  Management is still in the process of evaluating the impact of the standard on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses" which introduces an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments.  The new model, referred to as the current expected credit losses ("CECL model"), will apply to financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost, and  certain off-balance sheet credit exposures.  This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within that fiscal year.  Early application of the guidance will be permitted for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  We are currently evaluating the impact that adopting the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments .  This new standard will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case we would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable.  We are currently evaluating the impact that adopting the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
  3.     LEASED PROPERTIES AND LEASES 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   three   significant leased properties located in Oregon, Wyoming, Louisiana, and the Gulf of Mexico, which are leased on a triple-net basis to our major tenants, described in the table below. These major tenants are responsible for the payment of all taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance, and other operating expenses relating to the leased properties. Our long-term, triple-net leases generally have an initial term of   11   to   15   years with options for renewals. Lease revenues are scheduled to increase at varying intervals during the initial terms of our leases. The following table summarizes our significant leased properties, major tenants and lease terms: 
                     Summary of Leased Properties, Major Tenants and Lease Terms 
      Property 
    Grand Isle Gathering System 
    Pinedale LGS   (1)  
    Portland Terminal Facility 
      Location 
    Gulf of Mexico/Louisiana 
    Pinedale, WY 
    Portland, OR 
      Tenant 
    Energy XXI GIGS Services, LLC 
    Ultra Wyoming LGS, LLC 
    Arc Terminals Holdings LLC 
      Asset Description 
    Approximately 153 miles of offshore pipeline with total capacity of 120 thousand Bbls/d, including a 16-acre onshore terminal and saltwater disposal system 
    Approximately 150 miles of pipelines and four central storage facilities 
    A 42-acre rail and marine facility property adjacent to the Willamette River with 84 tanks and total storage capacity of approximately 1.5 million barrels 
      Date Acquired 
    June 2015 
    December 2012 
    January 2014 
      Initial Lease Term 
    11 years 
    15 years 
    15 years 
      Renewal Option 
    equal to the lesser of 9-years or 75 percent of the remaining useful life 
    5-year terms 
    5-year terms 
      Current Monthly Rent Payments 
    7/1/15 - 6/30/16: $2,625,417 7/1/16 - 6/30/17: $2,826,250 
    $1,723,833 
    $513,355 
      Initial Estimated 
  Useful Life 
    30 years 
    26 years 
    30 years 
      (1)   Non-Controlling Interest Partner, Prudential, funded a portion of the Pinedale LGS acquisition and, as a limited partner, holds 18.95 percent of the economic interest in Pinedale LP. The general partner, Pinedale GP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, holds the remaining 81.05 percent of the economic interest. 

15 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

The future contracted minimum rental receipts for all leases as of   September 30, 2016  , are as follows: 

The table below displays the Company's individually significant leases as a percentage of total leased properties and total lease revenues for the periods presented: 

The following table reflects the depreciation and amortization included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income associated with our leases and leased properties: 

The following table reflects the deferred costs that are included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets associated with our leased properties: 

Substantially all of our tenants' financial results are driven by exploiting naturally occurring oil and natural gas hydrocarbon deposits beneath the Earth's surface. As a result, our tenants' financial results are highly dependent on the performance of the oil and natural gas industry, which is highly competitive and subject to volatility. During the terms of our leases, we monitor credit quality of our tenants by reviewing their published credit ratings, if available, reviewing publicly available financial statements,  
  
   16 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

or reviewing financial or other operating statements, monitoring news reports regarding our tenants and their respective businesses, and monitoring the timeliness of lease payments and the performance of other financial covenants under their leases.  
  Ultra Petroleum 
  On April 29, 2016 Ultra Petroleum, filed a voluntary petition to reorganize under Chapter 11. The filing includes Ultra Wyoming LGS, LLC, the operator of the Pinedale LGS and tenant of the Pinedale Lease Agreement. The bankruptcy filing of both the guarantor, Ultra Petroleum, and the tenant and circumstances prompting the filing constitute defaults under the terms of the Pinedale Lease Agreement. The bankruptcy filing serves as a stay of the Company's ability to exercise remedies for certain of those defaults. However, Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code requires Ultra Wyoming to comply on a timely basis with many provisions of the Pinedale Lease Agreement, including the payment provisions. The only exception to that requirement is if Ultra Wyoming takes specific action to reject the Pinedale Lease Agreement. Ultra Wyoming has not filed a motion to reject the Pinedale Lease and all scheduled lease payments are current.  
  On August 30, the Company filed proofs of claim with the bankruptcy court handling the Ultra Petroleum bankruptcies with respect to rights granted under guarantee and indemnification provisions in the Pinedale Lease. On September 20, 2016, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the tenant, Ultra Wyoming LCS LLC from the Ultra Petroleum bankruptcy process based on the Company s belief in the tenant s solvency, to which Ultra Petroleum subsequently filed a response.  The parties agreed to non-binding mediation and agreed to extend the deadline for Ultra Wyoming to accept or reject the Pinedale Lease until December 15, 2016. 
  Ultra Petroleum is currently subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act and is required to file with the SEC annual reports containing audited financial statements and quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements.  While the SEC, under certain circumstances, may accept reporting on a modified basis from an issuer involved in a bankruptcy proceeding, the Company currently has no indication that Ultra Petroleum has requested or intends to request such relief.  Its stock is currently trading on the OTC Markets (OTC Pink: UPLMQ). Other SEC filings can be found at www.sec.gov (UPLMQ) or at www.otcmarkets.com (UPLMQ). The Company makes no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the audited and unaudited financial statements of Ultra Petroleum, but has no reason to doubt the accuracy or completeness of such information. In addition, Ultra Petroleum has no duty, contractual or otherwise, to advise the Company of any events that might have occurred subsequent to the date of such financial statements which could affect the significance or accuracy of such information. None of the information in the public reports of Ultra Petroleum that are filed with the SEC is incorporated by reference into, or in any way form, a part of this filing. 
  EXXI 
  On April 14, 2016, Energy XXI and substantially all of its directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries filed a voluntary petition to reorganize under Chapter 11, after reaching an agreement with certain creditors to provide support for a restructuring of its debt. The bankruptcy filing of Energy XXI, the guarantor of the Grand Isle Lease Agreement, and its failure to make interest payments to its creditors within the applicable cure period, would have constituted defaults under the terms of the Grand Isle Lease Agreement. However, to facilitate post-filing financing arrangements between the EXXI Debtor Group and its lenders, the Company provided a conditional waiver to certain remedies available to it as a result of these non-monetary defaults. EXXI Tenant has not filed for bankruptcy. Therefore, its obligations under the Grand Isle Lease Agreement are currently not subject to the proceedings affecting the EXXI Debtor Group. The Company has not compromised any remedies available to it for any default by EXXI Tenant under the Grand Isle Lease Agreement. All scheduled lease payments are current.  
  EXXI is currently subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act and is required to file with the SEC annual reports containing audited financial statements and quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements. While the SEC, under certain circumstances, may accept reporting on a modified basis from an issuer involved in a bankruptcy proceeding, the Company currently has no indication that EXXI has requested or intends to request such relief. Its stock is currently trading on the OTC Markets (OTC Pink: EXXIQ). Other SEC filings can be found at www.sec.gov (EXXI) or at www.otcmarkets.com (EXXIQ). The Company makes no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the audited and unaudited financial statements of EXXI, but has no reason to doubt the accuracy or completeness of such information. In addition, EXXI has no duty, contractual or otherwise, to advise the Company of any events that might have occurred subsequent to the date of such financial statements which could affect the significance or accuracy of such information. None of the information in the public reports of EXXI that are filed with the SEC is incorporated by reference into, or in any way form, a part of this filing. 
  Arc Logistics 
  Arc Logistics is currently subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and is required to file with the SEC annual reports containing audited financial statements and quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements. The audited  
  
   17 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

financial statements and unaudited financial statements of Arc Logistics can be found on the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov (NYSE: ARCX). The Company makes no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the audited and unaudited financial statements of Arc Logistics but has no reason to doubt the accuracy or completeness of such information. In addition, Arc Logistics has no duty, contractual or otherwise, to advise the Company of any events that might have occurred subsequent to the date of such financial statements which could affect the significance or accuracy of such information. None of the information in the public reports of Arc Logistics that are filed with the SEC is incorporated by reference into, or in any way form, a part of this filing. 
   
  4.     FINANCING NOTES RECEIVABLE 
  Financing notes receivable are presented at face value plus accrued interest receivable, deferred loan origination costs, and net of related direct loan origination income. Each quarter the Company reviews its financing notes receivable to determine if the balances are realizable based on factors affecting the collectability of those balances. Factors may include credit quality, timeliness of required periodic payments, past due status, and management discussions with obligors. The Company evaluates the collectability of both interest and principal of each of its loans to determine if an allowance is needed. An allowance will be recorded when based on current information and events, the Company determines it is probable that it will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the existing contractual terms. If the Company does determine an allowance is necessary, the amount deemed uncollectable is expensed in the period of determination. An insignificant delay or shortfall in the amount of payments does not necessarily result in the recording of an allowance. Generally, when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if we otherwise do not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, we will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing financing revenue on that loan until all principal and interest have been brought current. Interest income recognition is resumed if and when the previously reserved-for financing notes become contractually current and performance has been demonstrated. Payments received subsequent to the recording of an allowance will be recorded as a reduction to principal. 
  Black Bison Financing Notes 
  The Company did not record any financing revenue related to the Black Bison Loans for the three- or nine-month periods ended   September 30, 2016  . These notes were considered by the Company to be on non-accrual status and have been reflected as such in the financial statements.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   the Company recorded   $0   and   $832 thousand  , respectively, in provision for loan losses compared to   $8.0 million   for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. On February 29, 2016, the Company foreclosed on   100 percent   of the equity of BB Intermediate, the borrower of the Black Bison financing notes, as well as all of the other collateral securing the Black Bison Loans. The foreclosure was accepted in satisfaction of   $2.0 million   of the total outstanding loan balance. The real property assets were sold or disposed of, as further described in   Note 7, Property And Equipment  . 
  Four Wood Financing Note Receivable 
  As a result of the decreased economic activity by SWD, the Company recorded a provision for loan loss with respect to the SWD Loans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the income statement reflects a Provision for Loan Loss of   $3.5 million  , which includes   $71 thousand   of deferred origination income and   $98 thousand   of interest accrued under the original loan agreements. The balance of the note, net of the reserve for loan loss, represents the amount expected to be realized as of   September 30, 2016  . Our note with SWD is secured by physical assets owned by SWD. We have assessed the enterprise value of SWD, and thus the value of the collateral supporting the Four Wood Notes, at   $1.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . See   Note 14, Subsequent Events  , for discussion of the restructuring of the SWD Loans on October 1, 2016. 
   
  5.     VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 
  The FASB issued ASU 2015-02,   "Consolidations (Topic 810) - Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis"   ( ASU 2015-02 ), which amended previous consolidation guidance, including introducing a separate consolidation analysis specific to limited partnerships and other similar entities. Under this analysis, limited partnerships and other similar entities are considered a variable interest entity ( VIE ) unless the limited partners hold substantive kick-out rights or participating rights. Management determined that Pinedale LP and Grand Isle Corridor LP are VIEs under the amended guidance because the limited partners of both partnerships lack both substantive kick-out rights and participating rights. As such, management evaluated the qualitative criteria under FASB ASC Topic 810 - Consolidation in conjunction with ASU 2015-02 to make a determination whether these partnerships should be consolidated on the Company's financial statements. ASC Topic 810-10 requires the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity's activities to consolidate the VIE. The primary beneficiary is identified as the enterprise that has a) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be  
  
   18 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

significant to the VIE. The standard requires an ongoing analysis to determine whether the variable interest gives rise to a controlling financial interest in the VIE. Based upon the general partners  roles and rights as afforded by the partnership agreements and its exposure to losses and benefits of each of the partnerships through its significant limited partner interests, management determined that CorEnergy is the primary beneficiary of both Pinedale LP and Grand Isle Corridor LP. Based upon that evaluation, the consolidated financial statements presented continue to consolidate both of the partnerships. 
   
  6.     INCOME TAXES 
  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. Components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , are as follows: 

As of   September 30, 2016  , the total deferred tax assets and liabilities presented above relates to the Company's TRSs. The Company recognizes the tax benefits of uncertain tax positions only when the position is  more likely than not  to be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities based on the technical merits of the tax position. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as part of tax expense. Tax years subsequent to the year ended   December 31, 2012  , remain open to examination by federal and state tax authorities. 
  Total income tax expense/(benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory income tax rate of   35 percent     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   to income or loss from operations and other income and expense for the years presented, as follows: 

Total income taxes are computed by applying the federal statutory rate of   35 percent   plus a blended state income tax rate. Corridor Public Holdings, Inc. and Corridor Private Holdings, Inc. had a blended state rate of approximately   2.82 percent     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   and   3.92 percent     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   CorEnergy BBWS, Inc. does not record a provision for state income taxes because it operates only in Wyoming, which does not have state income tax. Because Mowood Corridor, Inc. and Corridor MoGas, Inc. primarily only operate in the state of Missouri, a blended state income tax rate of   5 percent   was used for the operations of both TRSs   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   All of the income tax benefit presented above relates to the assets and activities held in the Company's TRSs for   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   The components of income tax expense/(benefit) include the following for the periods presented: 
  
   19 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

As of   December 31, 2015  , the TRSs had an aggregate net operating loss of   $1.4 million  . The net operating loss may be carried forward for 20 years. If not utilized, this net operating loss will expire as follows:   $90 thousand  ,   $804 thousand   and   $478 thousand   in the years ending December 31, 2033, 2034, and 2035 respectively. The amount of deferred tax asset for net operating losses as of   September 30, 2016  , includes amounts   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   The aggregate cost of securities for federal income tax purposes and securities with unrealized appreciation and depreciation, were as follows: 

7.     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT    
  Property and equipment consists of the following: 

Depreciation of property and equipment is as follows:  

Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale 
  Effective February 29, 2016, the Company foreclosed on   100 percent   of the equity of BB Intermediate, the holding company of BBWS, the borrower of the Black Bison financing notes. On June 16, 2016, the Company entered into an asset sale agreement with Expedition Water Solutions for the sale of specified disposal wells and related equipment as outlined in the sale agreement. Consideration received by the company included   $748 thousand   cash, net of fees, and the future right to cash payments totaling   $6.5 million  , which was fair valued at   $450 thousand   and is included in Accounts and other receivables within the Consolidated Balance Sheet at   September 30, 2016  . The rights to future cash payments are tied to the future volumes of water disposed in each of the wells sold. Also as a result of the sale, the Company recognized a loss of approximately   $369 thousand   which has been included in the Provision for loan losses within the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
  
   20 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

On June 30, 2016, assets acquired by BBWS in a seller-financed transaction prior to the Company's foreclosure on BB Intermediate, were returned to the seller in full satisfaction of the remaining note balance of approximately   $439 thousand  . 
  There were   no   assets or liabilities held for sale at   September 30, 2016  , or   December 31, 2015  .  
   
  8.     MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
  The Company pays Corridor as the Company's Manager pursuant to a Management Agreement as described in the 2015 CorEnergy 10-K. In light of the provisions for loan losses recognized by the Company on certain of its energy infrastructure financing investments (collectively, the "Underperforming Loans") during 2015 and the first quarter of 2016, the Manager voluntarily recommended, and the Company agreed, that effective on and after the Company's March 31, 2016 balance sheet date, solely for the purpose of computing the value of the Company s Managed Assets in calculating the quarterly management fee under the terms of the Management Agreement, that portion of the Management Fee attributable to the Company s investment in the Underperforming Loans shall be based on the estimated net realizable value of such loans, which shall not exceed the amount invested in the Underperforming Loans as of the end of the quarter for which the Management Fee is to be calculated. This agreement superseded a prior agreement between the Company and the Manager, which was effective as of September 30, 2015, concerning valuation of the Black Bison Loans for purposes of calculating the Management Fee. 
  Effective June 30, 2016, the Manager voluntarily recommended, and the Company agreed, that the Manager would waive   $54,305   of the total   $149,123   incentive fee that would otherwise be payable under the provisions of the Management Agreement with respect to dividends paid on the Company's common stock during the three months ended June 30, 2016. 
  Fees incurred under the Management Agreement   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   were   $1.9 million   and   $5.4 million  , respectively, compared to   $1.7 million   and   $4.1 million  , respectively,   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   Fees incurred under the Management Agreement are reported in the General and Administrative line item on the income statement. 
  The Company pays Corridor, as the Company's Administrator pursuant to an Administrative Agreement.  Fees incurred under the Administrative Agreement   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   were   $67 thousand   and   $199 thousand  , respectively, compared to   $66 thousand   and   $157 thousand  , respectively,   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.   Fees incurred under the Administrative Agreement are reported in the General and Administrative line item on the income statement. 
   
  9.     FAIR VALUE 
  The inputs or methodology used for valuing securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities. The following tables provide the fair value measurements of applicable Company assets and liabilities by level within the fair value hierarchy as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  . These assets and liabilities are measured on a recurring basis. 

21 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

On March 30, 2016, the Company terminated   one   of the cash flow hedges with a notional amount of   $26.3 million   concurrent with the assignment of the   $70 million   Pinedale Credit Facility. The remaining cash flow hedge was de-designated from hedge accounting as of March 30, 2016, and continues to be valued using a consistent methodology and therefore is classified as a Level 2 investment. Subsequent to de-designation, changes in the fair value are recognized in earnings in the period in which the changes occur. 
  The changes for all Level 3 securities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   are as follows: 

The Company utilizes the beginning of reporting period method for determining transfers between levels. There were   no   transfers between levels 1, 2 or 3 for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   respectively. 
  In connection with the October 2014 sale of the Company's shares in VantaCore, a portion of the proceeds were placed in escrow and a receivable was recorded. Changes in the fair value of the escrow receivable were recorded as a net realized or unrealized gain or loss on other equity securities included within the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   approximately   $0   and   $43 thousand  , was included as a gain, respectively, compared to   $0   and   $282 thousand     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,   respectively. 
  Valuation Techniques and Unobservable Inputs 
  The Company s other equity securities, which represent securities issued by private companies, are classified as Level 3 assets. Significant judgment is required in selecting the assumptions used to determine the fair values of these investments. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company s investment in Lightfoot Capital Partners, LP and Lightfoot Capital Partners GP LLC, collectively, ("Lightfoot") is its only remaining significant private company investment. Lightfoot in turn owns a combination of public and private investments. Therefore, Lightfoot was valued using a combination of the following valuation techniques: (i) public share price of private companies' investments discounted for a lack of marketability, with the discount estimated at   2.8 percent   to   3.5 percent   and   11.8 percent   to   15.2 percent   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and (ii) discounted cash flow analysis using an estimated discount rate of   14.5 percent   to   16.5 percent   and   14.0 percent   to   16.0 percent   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investment may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of the Company s investment may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investment and may differ materially from the values that the Company may ultimately realize. 
  As of both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company held a   6.6 percent   and   1.5 percent   equity interest in Lightfoot LP and Lightfoot GP, respectively.  Lightfoot s assets include an ownership interest in Gulf LNG, a   1.5 billion   cubic feet per day ( bcf/d ) receiving, storage, and regasification terminal in Pascagoula, Mississippi, and common units and subordinated units representing an approximately   40 percent   aggregate limited partner interest, and a noneconomic general partner interest, in Arc Logistics Partners LP (NYSE: ARCX).  The Company holds observation rights on Lightfoot's Board of Directors. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,   the Company s Warrant Investment was valued using a binomial option pricing model. The key assumptions used in the binomial model were the fair value of equity of the underlying business; the Warrant's strike price; the expected volatility of equity; the time to the Warrant's expiry; the risk-free rate, and the expected dividend yields. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of the Warrant Investment, which did not have a readily available market, the assumptions used the binomial model to value the Company s Warrant Investment were based on Level 2 and Level 3 inputs. 
  Certain condensed combined unaudited financial information of the unconsolidated affiliate, Lightfoot, is presented in the following tables (in thousands): 

The following section describes the valuation methodologies used by the Company for estimating fair value for financial instruments not recorded at fair value, but fair value is included for disclosure purposes only, as required under disclosure guidance related to the fair value of financial instruments. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents     The carrying value of cash, amounts due from banks, federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements approximates fair value. 
  Escrow Receivable    At December 31, 2015, the fair value of the escrow receivable, which related to the sale of VantaCore, was reflected net of a discount for the potential that the full amount due to the Company would not be realized. On April 1, 2016, the Company recorded a gain when the full value of the escrow receivable was received. 
  Financing Notes Receivable     The financing notes receivable are valued on a non-recurring basis.  The financing notes receivable are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.  Financing Notes with carrying values that are not expected to be recovered through future cash flows are written-down to their estimated net realizable value.  Estimates of realizable value are determined based on unobservable inputs, including estimates of future cash flow generation and value of collateral underlying the notes. 
  Derivative Asset/Liability     The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk.  The fair value of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of the respective derivative. 
  
   23 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

Long-term Debt     The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is calculated, for disclosure purposes, by discounting future cash flows by a rate equal to the expected market rate for an equivalent transaction. 
  Line of Credit     The carrying value of the line of credit approximates the fair value due to its short-term nature. 

10.     CREDIT FACILITIES 
  The following is a summary of our senior notes payable and other debt as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  : 

24 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

The remaining contractual principal payments as of   September 30, 2016  , under our Regions and Pinedale credit facilities are as follows: 

Regions Credit Facilities 
  On March 30, 2016, the Company drew   $44.0 million   on the Regions Revolver in conjunction with the refinancing of the Pinedale Credit Facility. See below for further details. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has approximately   $53.3 million   of available borrowing base capacity on the Regions Revolver. 
  Pinedale Credit Facility 
  On December 20, 2012, Pinedale LP closed on a   $70 million   secured term credit facility.  Outstanding balances under the original facility generally accrued interest at a variable annual rate equal to   LIBOR   plus   3.25 percent  . This credit facility was secured by the Pinedale LGS asset. Under the original agreement, Pinedale LP was obligated to pay all accrued interest monthly and was further obligated to make monthly principal payments, which began on March 7, 2014, in the amount of   $294 thousand   or   0.42 percent   of the principal balance as of March 1, 2014. 
  The credit facility remained in effect until December 31, 2015, with an option to extend through December 31, 2016. Although the Company elected not to extend the facility for an additional one-year period it did amend the facility to extend the maturity date to March 30, 2016.  During the extension period, the company made principal payments of   $3.2 million   and the credit facility bore interest on the outstanding principal amount at LIBOR plus   4.25 percent  .  
  On March 4, 2016, the Company obtained a consent from its lenders under the Regions Credit Facility, which permitted the Company to utilize the Regions Revolving Credit Facility to refinance the Company's pro rata share of the remaining balance of the Pinedale secured term credit facility. On March 30, 2016, the Company and Prudential ("the Refinancing Lenders"), refinanced the remaining   $58.5 million   principal balance of the   $70 million   credit facility (on a pro rata basis equal to their respective equity interests in Pinedale LP, with the Company s   81.05 percent   share being approximately   $47.4 million  ) and executed a series of agreements assigning the credit facility to CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. as Agent for the Refinancing Lenders. The facility was further modified to extend the maturity date to March 30, 2021; to increase the LIBOR Rate to the greater of (i)   1.00 percent   and (ii) the one-month LIBOR rate; and to increase the LIBOR Rate Spread to seven percent (  7.00 percent  ) per annum. The Company's portion of the debt and interest is eliminated in consolidation and Prudential's portion of the debt is shown as a related-party liability. The Company also terminated one of two related interest rate swaps with a notional amount of   $26.3 million  . 
  The Company has provided to Prudential a guarantee against certain inappropriate conduct by or on behalf of Pinedale LP or us. The credit agreement contains, among other restrictions, specific financial covenants including the maintenance of certain financial  
  
   25 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

coverage ratios and a minimum net worth requirement. Pinedale LP was in compliance with all covenants under the Pinedale Credit Facility as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Pinedale LP's credit facility with the Refinancing Lenders requires all lease payments by Ultra Wyoming to be made to a lock box account under the control of the company as Agent and limits distributions by Pinedale LP to the Company. Distributions by Pinedale LP to the Company are permitted to the extent required for the Company to maintain its REIT qualification, so long as Pinedale LP's obligations under the credit facility have not been accelerated following an Event of Default (as defined in the credit facility). However, Pinedale LP automatically entered into a Cash Control Period (as defined in the credit facility) with the Refinancing Lenders upon the April 29, 2016, bankruptcy filing by Ultra Wyoming and its parent guarantor, Ultra Petroleum. During a Cash Control Period, the Company as Agent may (and, upon the request of any lender, shall) sweep all funds for the repayment of accrued interest, scheduled principal payments and principal prepayments on the loans, in all cases to the extent of such available funds, until such time as the Cash Control Period has terminated or the Ultra Lease has been affirmed by Ultra Wyoming in a lawful bankruptcy proceeding.    For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   pursuant to these additional cash sweep provisions, an additional   $3.1 million   and   $6.2 million  , respectively, was distributed (pro rata, based on ownership percentages) to the Refinancing Lenders as a reduction to the outstanding principal. The credit facility also requires that Pinedale LP maintain minimum net worth levels and certain leverage ratios, which along with other provisions of the credit facility limit cash dividends and loans to the Company. At   September 30, 2016  , the net assets of Pinedale LP were   $142.6 million   and Pinedale LP was in compliance with all of the financial covenants of the secured term credit facility. 
   
  11.     CONVERTIBLE DEBT 
  On May 23, 2016, the Company repurchased   $1 million   of its convertible bonds on the open market. This resulted in the company writing off a portion of the original underwriter's discount and deferred debt costs, as well as recognizing a gain on extinguishment of debt of   $72 thousand   which is included in Interest Expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  The following is a summary of the impact of Convertible Notes on interest expense   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   respectively: 

The Convertible Notes were initially issued with an underwriters' discount of   $3.7 million   which is being amortized over the life of the Convertible Notes.  Including the impact of the convertible debt discount and related deferred debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate on the Convertible Notes is approximately   7.8 percent   and   7.7 percent     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   respectively, compared to   7.7 percent   and   7.8 percent     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,   respectively. 
   
  12.     STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 
  PREFERRED STOCK 
  The Company's authorized preferred stock consists of   10 million   shares having a par value of   $0.001   per share. On January 27, 2015, the Company sold, in an underwritten public offering,   2,250,000   depositary shares, each representing   1/100th   of a share of   7.375%   Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred"). Pursuant to this offering, the Company issued   22,500   whole shares of Series A Preferred and received net cash proceeds of approximately   $54.2 million  . The depositary shares pay an annual dividend of   $1.84375   per share, equivalent to   7.375 percent   of the   $25.00   liquidation preference. The depositary shares may be redeemed on or after January 27, 2020, at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at the   $25.00   liquidation preference plus all accrued and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of redemption. The depositary shares have no stated maturity, are not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption and are not convertible into any other securities of the Company except in connection with certain changes of control. Holders of the depositary shares generally have no voting rights, except for limited voting rights if the Company fails to pay dividends for six or more quarters (whether or not consecutive) and in certain other circumstances. The depositary shares representing the Series A Preferred trade on the NYSE under the ticker  
  
   26 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

CORRPrA." The aggregate par value of the preferred shares at   September 30, 2016  , is   $23  . See   Note 14  , Subsequent Events, for further information regarding the declaration of a dividend on the   7.375%   Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. 
  COMMON STOCK 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   11,876,389   of common shares issued and outstanding. Effective December 1, 2015, the Company completed a one-for-five reverse common stock split. As a result, every five issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company converted into one share of common stock. The par value of each share of common stock and the number of authorized shares remained unchanged. On December 31, 2015, the Company's board of director's authorized a share repurchase program for the Company to buy up to   $10.0 million   of its common stock. As of   September 30, 2016   the Company had repurchased   90,613   shares for approximately   $2.0 million   in cash. The Company may repurchase shares from time to time through open market transactions, including through block purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise. The timing, manner, price, and amount of any repurchases are to be determined by senior management, depending on market prices and other conditions. The Company is not obligated to repurchase any shares of stock under the program and may terminate the program at any time before the expiration date of December 31, 2016.  See   Note 14  , Subsequent Events, for further information regarding the declaration of a dividend on the common stock. 
  SHELF REGISTRATION 
  On February 18, 2016, the Company had a new shelf registration statement declared effective by the SEC, pursuant to which we may publicly offer additional debt or equity securities with an aggregate offering price of up to   $600 million  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company issued   24,754   shares of common stock under the Company's dividend reinvestment plan pursuant to the February 18, 2016 shelf, reducing availability by approximately   $494 thousand   to approximately   $599.5 million  . 
   
  13.     EARNINGS PER SHARE 
  Basic earnings per share data is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods. Diluted EPS data is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding, including all potentially issuable shares of common stock. Diluted EPS   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   and   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,   excludes the impact to income and the number of shares outstanding from the conversion of the   7.00%   Convertible Senior Notes, because such impact would be antidilutive. 

14.     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
  The Company performed an evaluation of subsequent events through the date of the issuance of these financial statements and determined that no additional items require recognition or disclosure, except for the following: 
  Common Stock Dividend Declaration 
  On October 26, 2016, our Board of Directors declared the 2016 third quarter dividend of   $0.75   per share for CorEnergy common stock.  The dividend is payable on November 30, 2016, to shareholders of record on November 15, 2016. 
  
   27 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

Preferred Stock Dividend Declaration 
  On October 26, 2016, our Board of Directors also declared a cash dividend of   $0.4609375   per depositary share for the Company s   7.375%   Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock for the quarter ending September 30, 2016. The preferred stock dividend is payable on November 30, 2016, to shareholders of record on November 15, 2016. 
  Four Wood Restructuring 
  Effective October 1, 2016, a portion of the Financing Notes with SWD were restructured. The interest rate on the   $4.0 million   REIT Loan was reduced to   10 percent   and the required principal amortization was delayed until September 30, 2018. The Company is in the process of restructuring the remaining   $1.0 million   TRS loan with SWD. The restructuring is not expected to have a material impact to the consolidated financial statements.  
  
   28 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto in this report on Form 10-Q of CorEnergy Infrastructure, Inc. ( the Company ,  CorEnergy ,  we  or  us ). The forward-looking statements included in this discussion and elsewhere in this report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties, including anticipated financial performance, business prospects, industry trends, shareholder returns, performance of leases by tenants, performance on loans to customers, and other matters, which reflect management's best judgment based on factors currently known. See  Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  which is incorporated herein by reference. Actual results and experience could differ materially from the anticipated results and other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to those discussed in Item 1A -  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016 and Part II, Item 1A - "Risk Factors" in this report on Form 10-Q. 
   
  BUSINESS OBJECTIVE 
  CorEnergy primarily owns assets in the midstream and downstream U.S. energy sectors that perform utility-like functions, such as pipelines, storage terminals, and transmission and distribution assets. Our objective is to provide stockholders with a stable and growing cash dividend, supported by long-term contracted revenue from operators of our assets, primarily under triple-net participating leases. We believe our leadership team s energy and utility expertise provides CorEnergy with a competitive advantage to own and acquire U.S. energy infrastructure assets in a tax-efficient, transparent REIT. 
  We also may provide other types of capital, including loans secured by energy infrastructure assets. The assets we own and seek to acquire include pipelines, storage tanks, transmission lines, and gathering systems, among others. The assets are primarily mission-critical, in that utilization of the assets is necessary for the business the operators of those assets seek to conduct and their rental payments are an essential operating expense. We acquire assets that will enhance the stability of our dividend through diversification, while offering the potential for long-term distribution growth. These sale-leaseback or real property mortgage transactions provide the energy company with a source of capital that is an alternative to sources such as corporate borrowing, bond offerings, or equity offerings. 
  State of the Market 
  According to court filings, 105 North American oil and gas producers have filed for bankruptcy since the beginning of 2015, 61 of which filed in 2016 (through October 19). The parent companies of two of CorEnergy s largest tenants, Energy XXI and Ultra Petroleum, have been among those companies declaring bankruptcy. 
  Between July 1 and October 31, 2016, CorEnergy s share price decreased six percent to $27.08.  This compares to the Alerian MLP Index ( AMZ ) which was down six percent and the S P 500 Index ( SPX ) which increased one percent over the same time period. CorEnergy, AMZ, and SPX hit low points on February 11, 2016, of $10.90, $199.10, and $1,810.10, respectively. The rebound since then was likely influenced by a recovery in the oil and gas markets from year-to-date lows of $26.05 per barrel (WTI, on February 11) and $1.611 per MMbtu (on March 4), respectively,which in turn affects the health of Energy XXI and Ultra Petroleum. WTI crude oil prices were $46.86 per barrel on October 31, 2016, and natural gas prices were $3.026 per MMBtu. These prices represent a decrease of three percent in WTI crude oil and a three percent increase in natural gas between July1 and October 31, respectively. For up-to-date commodity prices, please refer to http://www.eia.gov. 
  As with other companies invested primarily in real property and related infrastructure, our share price can be positively or negatively affected by the decisions, or market perception of the decisions, of the Federal Reserve to raise, maintain, or lower interest rates. In the most recent Federal Reserve meeting on September 21, 2016 interest rates remained unchanged. Nonetheless, the Federal Reserve may increase interest rates in upcoming quarters, which in turn could have a slightly adverse effect on our share price. 
    
  On September 1, 2016, Real Estate became a separate sector in the Global Industry Classification Standard ("GICS"). Analysts and news sources expect that this will benefit real estate companies, which in the U.S. consist primarily of REITs, as capital will flow into the sector in order to maintain balanced portfolios. Additionally, market exposure and understanding of REIT structures and their reporting standards are expected to increase as a result of the new GICS categorization. It is possible that CorEnergy shares may experience some benefit from capital flows into the REIT sector due to the new classification. 
    
  Energy companies are finding a number of ways to address capital constraints, including capital raises (frequently in the form of preferred shares), joint ventures, and asset sales. We believe that our business offers companies an alternative source of capital and we remain in discussions with companies who do not expect to file bankruptcy, but have needs for capital to exploit potential oil and gas reserves. Our team continues to assess these opportunities for assets which fit our underwriting criteria and will provide a long-term benefit to current shareholders through growth and diversification. 
  
   29 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

Basis of Presentation 
  The consolidated financial statements include CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc., as of   September 30, 2016  , and its direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  We believe the Lease Revenue, Security Distributions, Financing Revenue, and Operating Results overview presented below provides investors with information that will assist them in analyzing the operating performance of our leased assets, financing notes receivable, other equity securities, and operating entities. As it pertains to other equity securities, the Company believes that net distributions received are indicative of the operating performance of the assets. Accordingly, we have included them in EBITDA, resulting in an adjusted EBITDA metric. 
  The following Results of Operations analysis includes Lease Revenue and Depreciation Expense related to the PNM Lease Agreement and the EIP leased asset, which was sold on April 1, 2015,   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    
  The following is a comparison of lease revenues, security distributions, financing revenue, operating results, and expenses   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  : 

Lease Revenue, Security Distributions, Financing Revenue, and Operating Results 
  Our operating performance was derived primarily from leases of real property assets, distributions from our remaining portfolio of equity investments, financing revenue from our loan agreements, and the operating results of our subsidiaries. Total lease revenue, security distributions, financing revenue, and operating results generated by our investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased   $19.2 million   compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to the addition of the GIGS lease on July 1, 2015. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   lease revenue increased   $19.9 million   over the prior-year period. The increase was a result of   $20.3 million   in incremental revenue from the GIGS lease and an increase for the Portland Terminal Facility of   $164 thousand   related to completion of the planned construction projects in November 2015, partially offset by a   $638 thousand   decline in lease revenues due to the termination of the PNM Lease Agreement on April 1, 2015. 
  
   30 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

For each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, MoGas contributed   $2.7 million   to Net Operations (excluding depreciation and amortization). Transportation revenues totaled   $3.6 million   for the current and prior-year periods while transportation costs and expenses were approximately   $900 thousand  . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, MoGas contributed   $8.3 million   and   $7.8 million  , respectively, to Net Operations (excluding depreciation and amortization). Transportation revenues totaled approximately   $10.8 million   for each of the periods while transportation costs and expenses were approximately   $2.5 million   and   $2.9 million  , respectively. The decline in MoGas' costs and expenses versus the prior-year periods was due to legal fees incurred in the first half of 2015 related to obtaining approval for a planned sale-leaseback transaction which was submitted to FERC in November 2015, and subsequently approved in June 2016.  
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   our subsidiary, Omega, contributed   $890 thousand   and   $787 thousand  , respectively, to Net Operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) from its natural gas operations.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   Omega's contribution was   $2.7 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively. Omega's contribution represents the contract revenues related to distribution of natural gas on our pipeline after deducting distribution expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization) for the respective periods. 
  Our financing revenues were historically derived from our loans to BBWS and SWD.  As of   December 31, 2015  , the Company had recorded a loan loss reserve on the Black Bison loans.  During the first quarter of 2016, our loan to SWD became delinquent, at which time the Company recorded a loan loss reserve and placed the Four Wood loan on non-accrual basis, which accounts for the decline in revenues from prior year.  See   Note 4, Financing Notes Receivable  , for additional information on the Black Bison financing notes and the Four Wood loans. 
  General and Administrative 
  Total general and administrative expenses   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   were   $3.0 million   and   $2.8 million  , respectively. Total general and administrative expenses   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   were   $9.1 million   and   $7.3 million  , respectively. The most significant components of the variance from the prior-year periods are outlined in the following table and explained below: 

Management fees are directly proportional to the Company's asset base. As such, the 2016 increases versus the prior-year periods are directly related to the acquisition of GIGS. The GIGS-related increase over prior year was partially offset by certain reductions in the asset base, such as the sale of EIP in April 2015. Additionally, expenses were reduced by the waiver of Management fees by the management company on the non-performing financing notes. 
  The Management Agreement includes an incentive fee, calculated as a percentage of common stock dividends paid in excess of a predetermined threshold. In June 2015, the Company issued an additional   2.6 million   shares of common stock to partially fund the acquisition of GIGS and subsequently raised its quarterly common stock dividend to $0.75 per share on January 26, 2016. The increase in common stock dividends paid resulted in an increase in incentive fees paid to the Manager of   $279 thousand     for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   as compared to the prior year. Incentive fees recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2016, were $259 thousand, an increase of approximately $200 thousand over the prior-year period.  This increase was driven by the increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.75 per share noted above, as well as both the second quarter and third quarter incentive fees being recorded to the income statement during the three months ended September 30, 2016.   The Manager voluntarily waived approximately $54 thousand of the incentive fee for the second quarter that would have otherwise been payable under the management Agreement.  There was no such waiver for the third quarter incentive fee. See   Note 8, Management Agreement  , for additional information. 
  Acquisition and professional fees   for the three months ended September 30, 2016,   decreased   $137 thousand   to   $656 thousand   versus the prior-year period.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   acquisition and professional fees decreased   $264 thousand   to   $2.2 million   versus the prior-year period.  
  Generally, we expect asset acquisition expenses to be repaid over time from income generated by acquisitions. However, any particular period may reflect significant expenses arising from third party legal, engineering, and consulting fees that are incurred in the early to mid-stages of due diligence. Recently, due to the uncertainty in the energy industry and the number of energy companies going through the bankruptcy process, we have experienced lower asset acquisitions costs. Acquisition expense   for  
  
   31 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   declined   $808 thousand   compared to the prior-year period primarily because the Company pursued opportunities during the first three months of 2015 which were not completed. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   professional fees increased   $544 thousand   versus the prior-year period. The year-to-date increase was primarily due to legal fees incurred in the monitoring of our assets at Pinedale and GIGS and the March 2016 assignment and modification of the Pinedale Credit Facility. Additional expenses incurred related to the Black Bison foreclosure and sale activities and the valuation of the Four Woods REIT Loan collateral also contributed to the increase. 
  Other expenses   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   increased   $103 thousand   and   $702 thousand  , respectively, versus the prior-year periods. Together with valuation and other costs associated with the Black Bison foreclosure, the increases were predominantly related to Black Bison operating costs subsequent to the foreclosure. We also incurred additional costs in connection with: (i) the redesign of our website; (ii) travel related to monitoring of our assets and participation in industry conferences; (iii) increased syndicate services fees associated with the Regions Revolver; and (iv) higher printing and mailing expenses associated with the Company's January 2016 Form S-3 Registration Statement and our February 2016 Prospectus Supplement. 
  Non-Controlling Interest Attributable to Adjusted EBITDA Items 
  Based on Prudential's 18.95 percent ownership interest in Pinedale LP, the Company is required to make a further adjustment to the adjusted EBITDA items presented above to exclude the portion attributable to Prudential's non-controlling interest.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   Prudential's interest in these items totaled   $945 thousand   and   $971 thousand  , respectively. For each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Prudential's interest in these items totaled   $2.9 million  . 
  Adjusted EBITDA 
  Adjusted EBITDA attributable to CorEnergy Stockholders   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   was   $16.9 million   and   $17.1 million  , respectively.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,   adjusted EBITDA attributable to CorEnergy Stockholders was   $51.0 million   as compared to   $33.5 million   for the prior-year period. As noted above, the increase in adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was primarily associated with the acquisition of GIGS in June 2015, partially offset by reduced revenues related to our financing agreements and the increase in general and administrative expenses. 
  The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to Income Attributable to Common Stockholders as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income: 

Net Distributions and Dividends Recorded as Income 
  The following table summarizes the breakout of net distributions and dividends reported as income on the income statement. The table begins with the gross cash distributions and dividend income received from our investment securities during the three and  
  
   32 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   This amount is increased by cash distributions received in a prior period that were, at the time, deemed a return of capital and have been reclassified during the current period as income. Finally, a reduction is shown for cash distributions received in the current period that are deemed a return of capital and, as such, are not included in income received from investment securities. The portion of the distributions that are deemed to be return of capital in any period are based on estimates made at the time such distributions are received. These estimates may subsequently be revised based on information received from the portfolio company after their tax reporting periods are concluded, as the actual character of these distributions is not known until after our fiscal year end. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in net distributions and dividends recorded as income versus the prior-year period is due to a change in the characterization of our distributions received from Lightfoot.  In the prior year, a higher percentage of the cash we received was deemed return of capital, whereas in the current year, nearly all of the distributions received are considered dividend income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the   $158 thousand   decrease in net distributions and dividends recorded as income versus the prior-year period is primarily due to a   $254 thousand   decrease in adjustments recorded in the first quarter of each year to reclassify previously unrealized gains as dividend income upon the receipt of the annual K-1s, which depict the Company's share of income and losses from the investment in the security.  This decrease was offset by a decline in how much of the cash distributions from our investment in Lightfoot were considered a return of capital versus current income in 2016. 
  Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities 
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016,   the   $2.9 million   increase in the noncash portion of net realized and unrealized gains from other equity securities versus the prior-year period is primarily due to a combination of a   $2.8 million   increase in unrealized gains due to fluctuations in the valuation of Lightfoot plus a   $115 thousand   change in the valuation of the Black Bison warrant. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   the   $2.0 million   increase in noncash portion of net realized and unrealized losses from other equity securities versus the prior-year period is primarily due to a combination of: (i) a   $1.6 million   increase in unrealized gains due to fluctuations in the valuation of Lightfoot; plus (ii) a prior-year valuation loss of   $355 thousand   on the Black Bison warrant; minus (iii) a   $239 thousand   decrease in unrealized gain on the 18-month escrow associated with the sale of VantaCore recognized during the prior-year period; plus (iv) a   $254 thousand   decrease in adjustments recorded in the first quarter of each year to reclassify previously unrealized gains as dividend income upon the receipt of the annual K-1s, which depict the Company's share of income and losses from the investment in the security. 
  The increase in valuation of Lightfoot is primarily due to an increase in the public share price of Arc Logistics (ARCX), as well as a decrease in the subordination discount ranging between 11.8 percent and 15.2 percent at December 31, 2015 to between 2.8 percent and 3.5 percent at September 30, 2016.  The subordination period is expected to end in November 2016. ARCX share price on   September 30, 2016  , was $15.05 per share, an increase of $1.78 per share versus the share price on December 31, 2015. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in the valuation of Gulf LNG due to an increase in the market discount rate and a decrease in the market growth rate, both resulting in a lower valuation.  
  Depreciation, Amortization, and  ARO Accretion 
  Depreciation, amortization, and ARO accretion expense   for the three months ended September 30, 2016,   decreased   $92 thousand   as compared to the prior-year period.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   depreciation, amortization, and ARO accretion expenses increased   $3.4 million   as compared to the prior-year period. The year-to-date increase is primarily attributable to the  
  
   33 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

acquisition of the GIGS in June 2015, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense due to the termination of the PNM Lease Agreement on April 1, 2015. 
  Interest Expense 
  For the three months ended September 30, 2016,   interest expense totaled approximately   $3.5 million   for the current-year period versus   $3.9 million   for the prior-year period. The decrease is primarily attributable to the Company internally refinancing its pro rata share of the Pinedale Credit Facility on March 30, 2016, which resulted in a reduction of the outstanding debt balance with third parties in comparison with the prior-year period. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   interest expense was approximately   $11.0 million   as compared to   $6.1 million   for the prior-year period. The year-to-date increase is mainly the result of the debt incurred in connection with the acquisition of GIGS. The convertible notes accounted for approximately   $4.2 million   of the increase while the Company's $45.0 million draw on the Regions Term Loan accounted for approximately   $786 thousand   of the increase.  
  Non-Controlling Interest Attributable to Depreciation, Amortization, ARO Accretion, and Interest Expense 
  Due to Prudential's 18.95 percent ownership interest in Pinedale LP, the Company must make adjustments for non-controlling interests. Prudential's proportionate share of depreciation, amortization, and interest expense increased   $44 thousand   and   $173 thousand  ,   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   respectively. The increase is  attributable to interest and related costs reported as interest expense associated with the amendment and modification of the Pinedale Credit Facility. 
  Net Income Attributable to CorEnergy Stockholders 
  Net income attributable to CorEnergy stockholders was   $9.2 million     for the three months ended September 30, 2016,   as compared to   $427 thousand   for the prior-year period. After deducting   $1.0 million   for the portion of preferred dividends that are allocable to the current period, net income attributable to common stockholders was   $8.2 million  , or   $0.69   per basic common share and   $0.68   per diluted common share.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   net income attributable to CorEnergy stockholders was   $21.6 million  , as compared to   $8.7 million  , for the prior-year period. After deducting   $3.1 million   for the portion of preferred dividends that are allocable to the current period, net income attributable to common stockholders was   $18.5 million  , or   $1.55   per basic and   $1.55   per diluted common share as compared to   $5.9 million  , or   $0.57   per basic and diluted common share, for the prior-year period. 
  Common Equity Attributable to CorEnergy Shareholders per Share 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our common equity decreased by approximately   $10.0 million   to   $351.8 million   from   $361.8 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . This decrease principally consists of dividends paid to our common shareholders of approximately   $26.8 million   and additional decreases attributable to   $2.0 million   used to repurchase common stock and a   $205 thousand   decline in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with our interest rate swaps. These decreases were partially offset by net income attributable to CorEnergy common stockholders of approximately   $18.5 million   and   $554 thousand   of dividends issued under the DRIP or director's compensation plans.  The table below does not reflect non-controlling interest equity. 

NAREIT FFO 
  FFO is a widely used measure of the operating performance of real estate companies that supplements net income (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP. As defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, NAREIT FFO represents net  
  
   34 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating property, impairment losses of depreciable properties, real estate-related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs or loan origination costs), and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and non-controlling interests. Adjustments for non-controlling interests are calculated on the same basis. We define FFO attributable to common stockholders as defined above by NAREIT less dividends on preferred stock. Our method of calculating FFO attributable to common shareholders may differ from methods used by other REITs and, as such, may not be comparable. 
  FFO ADJUSTED FOR SECURITIES INVESTMENTS (FFO) 
  Due to the legacy investments that we hold, we have also historically presented a measure of FFO, to which we refer herein as FFO Adjusted for Securities Investments which is derived by further adjusting NAREIT FFO for distributions received from investment securities, income tax expense (benefit) from investment securities, net distributions and dividend income, and net realized and unrealized gain or loss on other equity securities. 
  We present NAREIT FFO and FFO Adjusted for Securities Investments because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our operating performance and believe that it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO when reporting their results. FFO is a key measure used by the Company in assessing performance and in making resource allocation decisions. 
  Both NAREIT FFO and FFO Adjusted for Securities Investments are intended to exclude GAAP historical cost depreciation and amortization of real estate and related assets, which assumes that the value of real estate diminishes ratably over time. Historically, however, real estate values have risen or fallen with market conditions, and that may also be the case with the energy infrastructure assets in which we invest. NAREIT FFO and FFO Adjusted for Securities Investments exclude depreciation and amortization unique to real estate and gains and losses from property dispositions and extraordinary items. As such, it provides a performance measure that provides a perspective not immediately apparent from net income when compared to prior-year periods. These metrics reflect the impact to operations from trends in base and participating rents, company operating costs, development activities, and interest costs. 
  We calculate NAREIT FFO in accordance with standards established by the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts in its March 1995 White Paper (as amended in November 1999 and April 2002) and FFO Adjusted for Securities Investment as NAREIT FFO with additional adjustments described above due to our legacy investments. This may differ from the methodology for calculating FFO utilized by other equity REITs and, accordingly may not be comparable to such other REITs. NAREIT FFO and FFO Adjusted for Securities Investments do not represent amounts available for management's discretionary use because of needed capital for replacement or expansion, debt service obligations, or other commitments and uncertainties. NAREIT FFO and FFO Adjusted for Securities Investments, as historically reported by the Company, should not be considered as an alternative to net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), as an indicator of our financial performance, or to cash flow from operating activities (computed in accordance with GAAP), as an indicator of our liquidity, or as an indicator of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions or to service our indebtedness. 
  AFFO 
  Management uses AFFO as a measure of long-term sustainable operational performance. AFFO in excess of dividends is used for debt repayment, reinvestments, funding our ARO liability, or other commitments and uncertainties which are necessary to sustain our dividend over the long term. AFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), as an indicator of our financial performance, or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities (computed in accordance with GAAP), as an indicator of our liquidity, or as an indicator of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions or service our indebtedness. 
  For completeness, the following table sets forth a reconciliation of our net income as determined in accordance with GAAP and our calculations of NAREIT FFO, FFO Adjusted for Securities Investments, and AFFO   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   AFFO is a supplemental, non-GAAP financial measure which we define as FFO Adjusted for Securities Investment plus provision for loan losses, net of tax, transaction costs, amortization of debt issuance costs, amortization of deferred lease costs, accretion of asset retirement obligation, income tax expense (benefit) unrelated to securities investments and provision for loan losses, above-market rent, noncash costs associated with derivative instruments, and certain costs of a nonrecurring nature, less maintenance, capital expenditures (if any), amortization of debt premium, and other adjustments as deemed appropriate by Management. Also presented is information regarding the weighted-average number of shares of our common stock outstanding used for the computation of per share data: 
  
   35 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

36 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

FEDERAL AND STATE INCOME TAXATION 
  In 2013 we qualified, and in March 2014 elected (effective as of January 1, 2013), to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes (which we refer to as the  REIT Election"). Because certain of our assets may not produce REIT-qualifying income or be treated as interests in real property, those assets are held in wholly-owned TRSs in order to limit the potential that such assets and income could prevent us from qualifying as a REIT. 
  For the years ended in 2012 and before, the distributions we made to our stockholders from our earnings and profits were treated as qualified dividend income ("QDI") and return of capital. QDI is taxed to our individual shareholders at the maximum rate for long-term capital gains, which through tax year 2012 was   15 percent   and beginning in tax year 2013 is   20 percent  . The Company elected to be taxed as a REIT for 2013 and subsequent years rather than a C corporation and generally will not pay federal income tax on taxable income of the REIT that is distributed to our stockholders. As a REIT, our distributions from earnings and profits will be treated as ordinary income and a return of capital, and generally will not qualify as QDI. To the extent that the REIT had accumulated C corporation earnings and profits from the periods prior to 2013, we distributed such earnings and profits in 2013. A portion of our normal distributions in 2013 have been characterized for federal income tax purposes as a distribution of those earnings and profits from non-REIT years and have been treated as QDI. In addition, to the extent we receive taxable distributions from our TRSs, or the REIT received distributions of C corporation earnings and profits, such portion of our distribution will be treated as QDI. 
  As a REIT, the Company holds and operates certain of our assets through one or more wholly-owned TRSs. Our use of TRSs enables us to continue to engage in certain businesses while complying with REIT qualification requirements and also allows us to retain income generated by these businesses for reinvestment without the requirement of distributing those earnings. In the future, we may elect to reorganize and transfer certain assets or operations from our TRSs to the Company or other subsidiaries, including qualified REIT subsidiaries. 
  The Company's trading securities and other equity securities are limited partnerships or limited liability companies which are treated as partnerships for federal and state income tax purposes. As a limited partner, the Company reports its allocable share of taxable income in computing its own taxable income. To the extent held by a TRS, the TRS's tax expense or benefit is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income based on the component of income or gains and losses to which such expense or benefit relates. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. 
  If we cease to qualify as a REIT, the Company, as a C corporation, would be obligated to pay federal and state income tax on its taxable income. Currently, the highest regular marginal federal income tax rate for a corporation is 35 percent. The Company may be subject to a 20 percent federal alternative minimum tax on its federal alternative minimum taxable income to the extent that its alternative minimum tax exceeds its regular federal income tax. 
   
  SEASONALITY 
  Our operating companies, MoGas and Omega, have stable revenues throughout the year and will complete necessary pipeline maintenance during the "non-heating" season, or quarters two and three. Therefore, operating results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year. 
   
  ASSET PORTFOLIO AND RELATED DEVELOPMENTS 
  For detailed descriptions of our asset portfolio and related operations, other than our remaining private equity securities as of   September 30, 2016  , please refer to "Item 2 - Properties" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and to Notes   3   and   4   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. This section provides additional information concerning material developments related to our asset portfolio that occurred during the period ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Grand Isle Gathering System 
  Depressed commodity prices have negatively impacted the operational and financial condition of EXXI.  On April 14, 2016, EXXI and substantially all of its directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries filed a voluntary petition to reorganize under Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Code, after reaching an agreement with certain creditors to provide support for a restructuring of its debt. CorEnergy's tenant under the GIGS Lease, Energy XXI GIGS Services, LLC has not filed for bankruptcy. Therefore, its obligations under the GIGS Lease are currently not subject to the bankruptcy proceedings. 
  
   37 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

The bankruptcy filing of the guarantor of the Grand Isle Gathering System Lease, EXXI, and its failure to make interest payments to its creditors within the applicable cure period, would have constituted defaults under the terms of the GIGS Lease. However, CorEnergy provided a conditional waiver to certain remedies of these defaults. This allowed CorEnergy s tenant to remain outside the bankruptcy proceedings. 
  Our tenant continues to make timely rent payments in accordance with the GIGS Lease Agreement. EXXI has stated its intentions to continue normal operations during the bankruptcy proceedings. In September, EXXI received approval of its Supplement to the Third Amended Disclosure Statement. The deadline to object to the Reorganization Plan and assumed contracts and leases was October 31, 2016 and the deadline for voting on the Plan of Reorganization was November 1, 2016. The confirmation hearing is scheduled to begin on November 7, 2016. The bankruptcy court extended EXXI s exclusivity period to November 14, 2016. CorEnergy will continue to monitor, and take appropriate actions to, the information disclosed throughout the proceedings. 
  On April 25, 2016, EXXI was delisted from the NASDAQ Stock Market as a result of failing to meet certain listing standards. EXXI has begun trading on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol EXXIQ. 
  Pinedale LGS 
  Depressed commodity prices have negatively impacted the operational and financial condition of Ultra Petroleum ("UPL"). UPL filed on April 29, 2016, a voluntary petition to reorganize under Chapter 11. The filing includes Ultra Wyoming LGS, LLC, the operator of the Pinedale LGS and tenant of the Pinedale Lease Agreement. 
  The bankruptcy filing of both the guarantor, Ultra Petroleum, and the tenant and circumstances prompting the filing constitute defaults under the terms of the Pinedale Lease Agreement. The bankruptcy filing serves as a stay of the Company's ability to exercise remedies for certain of those defaults. However, Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code requires Ultra Wyoming to comply on a timely basis with many provisions of the Pinedale Lease Agreement, including the payment provisions. The only exception to that requirement is if Ultra Wyoming takes specific action to reject the Pinedale Lease Agreement. Ultra Wyoming has not filed a motion to reject the Pinedale Lease. 
  Our tenant continues to make timely rent payments in accordance with the Pinedale Lease Agreement. UPL has stated its intentions to continue normal operations during the bankruptcy proceedings. On July 27, 2016, Ultra Petroleum filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court a motion to extend the exclusive period during which the Company can file a Chapter 11 plan and solicit acceptances thereof through and including February 28, 2017 and April 30, 2017, respectively. 
  On August 30, 2016, CorEnergy filed proofs of claim with the bankruptcy court handling the Ultra Petroleum bankruptcies. These filings were made prior to the September 1, 2016 deadline for proofs of claim to be filed and were intended to protect the interest of CorEnergy shareholders based on certain rights granted under guarantee and indemnification provisions in the lease. 
  On September 20, 2016, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the tenant, Ultra Wyoming from the Ultra Petroleum bankruptcy process based on the Company s belief in the tenant s solvency, to which Ultra Petroleum filed a response. Since that time, UPL published financial projections which CorEnergy believes are based on uninterrupted access to the Pinedale LGS, and stated that losing access to the Pinedale LGS upon rejection of the lease would cost hundreds of millions of dollars in foregone revenue. Since UPL has nonetheless threatened to reject the lease and construct access to a replacement system, CorEnergy and Ultra Wyoming have agreed to a non-binding mediation. December 15, 2016 has been set as the new deadline for Ultra Wyoming to accept or reject the Pinedale LGS Lease. The previous deadline for acceptance or rejection had been November 28, 2016. CorEnergy will continue to monitor, and take appropriate actions to, the information disclosed throughout the proceedings. 
  On May 2, 2016, UPL was delisted from the NYSE Stock Market as a result of failing to meet certain listing standards. UPL has begun trading on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol UPLMQ. 
  MoGas Pipeline 
  On June 1, 2016, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) authorized MoGas to sell its natural gas pipeline facilities to an affiliate, CorEnergy Pipeline Company, LLC ( CPC ).  FERC authorized MoGas to lease these same facilities back from CPC and continue to serve as operator of the facilities. FERC also authorized MoGas to consolidate its accounting with CPC so that MoGas s lease payments to CPC will be offset by the equivalent revenue received by CPC.  The sale and leaseback transaction authorized by FERC will position lease payments that MoGas makes to CPC to qualify as REIT rental income should CorEnergy sell a majority stake in MoGas stock to an unaffiliated third party.  At the time of such sale, MoGas must seek FERC approval to combine its accounts with the third-party owner. 
  Laclede Gas extended its current contract for MoGas to provide natural gas transportation services by one year to expire on October 31, 2017. 
  
   38 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

Black Bison 
  On February 29, 2016, the Company foreclosed on 100 percent of the equity of BB Intermediate, the holding company of Black Bison Water Services, LLC, the borrower of the Black Bison financing note receivable.  See Note 4 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report for additional information. 
  On June 16, 2016, the Company sold substantially all of the assets of BBWS and its subsidiaries to Expedition Water Solutions for a combination of cash plus an earn-out. CorEnergy received $1.0 million of cash, before fees, upon closing the agreement, retained certain working capital investments, and will receive royalty payments on future operating revenue generated by BBWS with a limit of $6.5 million. Royalty payments will not increase AFFO. 
  As of September 30, 2016 no royalty payments have been received. 
  Four Wood 
  Effective October 1, 2016, a portion of the Financing Notes with SWD Enterprises, LLC were restructured. The interest rate on the $4.0 million REIT Loan was reduced to 10 percent and required principal amortization was delayed until September 30, 2018. We expect to convert the $1.0 million TRS loan into an ownership interest in the borrower in the form of a preferred equity interest. Cash and accrued interest will not increase AFFO until Four Wood generates sustainable operating margins and the reserve for collection has been removed. 
  Omega Pipeline 
  On January 28, 2016, Omega was awarded a new 10-year contract with the Department of Defense, to provide natural gas and gas distribution assets to Fort Leonard Wood through Omega s approximately 70-mile pipeline distribution system on the military base.  As a result of the new contract natural gas and propane costs are being presented net in transportation and distribution revenue.  See   Note 2   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report for additional information. 
  Private Security Assets 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our investment in Lightfoot represents approximately   1.4 percent   of the Company s total assets. The following table is a summary of the fair value of Lightfoot at   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the fair value at   December 31, 2015  : 

Lightfoot 
  The fair value of Lightfoot as of   September 30, 2016   increased approximately   $1.1 million  , or   12.8   percent, as compared to the value at   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to the change in value of Arc Logistics' publicly traded shares and a decrease in the subordination discount ranging between 11.8 percent and 15.2 percent at December 31, 2015 to a discount between 2.8 percent and 3.5 percent at September 30, 2016. The subordination period is expected to end in November of 2016. 
  During   the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,   the Company received distributions of   $276 thousand   and   $744 thousand  , respectively, and expects these distributions to be funded primarily by Lightfoot s distributions from Arc Logistics and Gulf LNG. However, both the ability of Arc Logistics and Gulf LNG to make quarterly distributions and the amount of such distributions will be dependent on Arc Logistics' and Gulf LNG's business results, and neither Arc Logistics, Gulf LNG, nor Lightfoot is under any obligation to make such distributions. On March 1, 2016, an affiliate of Gulf LNG received a Notice of Disagreement and Disputed Statements and a Notice of Arbitration from Eni USA Gas Marketing L.L.C ("Eni USA"), one of the two companies that had entered into a terminal use agreement for capacity of the liquefied natural gas facility owned by Gulf LNG and its subsidiaries. Should Eni USA terminate its' agreement with Gulf LNG, this could materially impact Arc Logistics and Gulf LNG's ability to fund their distributions to the Company. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our expectations concerning 2016 distributions from Lightfoot will be realized. 
  VantaCore 
  The company received its final escrow distribution of   $1.4 million   on April 1, 2016. 
  
   39 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  Overview 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had liquidity of approximately   $63.4 million   comprised of cash of   $10.1 million   plus revolver availability of   $53.3 million  .  We use cash flows generated from our operations to fund current obligations, projected working capital requirements, debt service payments and dividend payments.  Management expects that future operating cash flows, along with access to financial markets, will be sufficient to meet future operating requirements and acquisition opportunities.  If our ability to access the capital markets is restricted or if debt or equity capital were unavailable on favorable terms, or at all, our ability to fund acquisition opportunities or to comply with the REIT distribution rules could be adversely affected. 
  There are acquisition opportunities that are in preliminary stages of review, and consummation of any of these opportunities depends on a number of factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that any of these acquisition opportunities will result in consummated transactions. As part of our disciplined investment philosophy, we plan to use a moderate level of leverage, approximately 25 percent to 50 percent of assets, supplemented with accretive equity issuance as needed, subject to current market conditions. We may invest in assets subject to greater leverage which could be both recourse and non-recourse to us.  We do not intend to fund acquisitions until significant bankruptcy milestones for EXXI and UPL have occurred and been disclosed to the public. 
  Cash Flows - Operating, Investing, and Financing Activities 
  Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   cash provided by operating activities totaled approximately   $41.7 million  , representing an increase of approximately   $10.7 million   as compared to   the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   The significant factors impacting the increase are as follows: 
              
    Proceeds from final escrow distribution related to the sale of Vantacore of approximately   $1.4 million   were received April 1, 2016. 
                
    Increase in interest paid of approximately   $5.2 million   primarily related to the financing of the June 2015 GIGS transaction through the issuance of $115 million in Convertible Notes and a $45 million draw on the Regions Credit Facility. 
                
    Due to reduced drilling and disposal activities in our borrowers' areas of operations, revenue from our financing notes  decreased from the prior period by approximately   $1.3 million  . 
     For the nine months ended September 30, 2015,   cash provided by operating activities totaled approximately $30.9 million representing an increase of approximately $13.1 million over the same period of the prior year.  The significant increases and decreases in cash provided by operating activities that primarily drove this change included the following: 
             
    The net operating results of MoGas, acquired in November 2014, provided $8.4 million. 
                
    When the Portland Terminal was acquired in January 2014, a certain amount of construction was required before the terminal became fully operational. Accordingly, the lessor was granted a partial rent holiday during the first six months of the lease. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Portland Terminal lease payments had increased to the full amount of the base rent and had also increased as a result of nearly $9.7 million in completed construction projects, contributing approximately $2.0 million to the increase in cash provided by operating activities as compared to the prior year. 
                
    Additional payments to the Company resulting from a July 2014 increase to the Black Bison financing notes and December 2014 initial funding of the Four Wood financing notes contributed nearly $946 thousand to the increase over prior year.  
                
    Starting July 2015, cash provided by the GIGS lease payments for the current quarter was $7.9 million. 
                
    In conjunction with the agreement to sell EIP to PNM on April 1, 2015 upon expiration of the lease, the lease payments that would have been due over the remainder of the term were accelerated and paid in full on January 1, 2014. Therefore, the first half of 2014 included nearly $4.3 million in advance rental payments. 
                
    A net increase in the Company s asset base for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the prior year period resulted in approximately $1.7 million in additional management fees paid to Corridor. 
                
    Increase in cash interest paid of approximately $553 thousand due to increased facility sizes and borrowings. 
                
    Increase in cash taxes paid of approximately $179 thousand due to estimated tax payments made starting in 2015 related to the Lightfoot investment. 
     
   40 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
  Significant factors impacting the   $194 thousand   of cash provided by investing activities during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   were as follows: 
             
    Net proceeds from the sale of assets and liabilities held for sale of   $645 thousand  . 
                
    Purchases of property and equipment of   $476 thousand  . 
                
    Proceeds received on foreclosure of BB Intermediate of   $223 thousand  . 
                
    Funding to close operations of Black Bison and Four Wood financing notes of   $202 thousand  . 
     Significant factors impacting the   $243.8 million   of cash used in investing activities during   the nine months ended September 30, 2015,   included the following: 
             
    Deployed approximately $246.5 million to acquire the GIGS assets. 
                
    $3.7 million of capital improvements in connection with the Portland Terminal facility. 
                
    The sale of the EIP asset on April 1, 2015 provided additional cash of approximately $7.7 million. 
     Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
  Significant factors impacting the   $46.4 million   of cash used in financing activities during   the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   included the following: 
             
    Repurchases of common stock of approximately   $2.0 million  . 
                
    Repurchases of convertible debt of approximately   $900 thousand  . 
                
    Common and preferred dividends paid of   $26.3 million   and   $3.1 million  , respectively. 
                
    $44.0 million   drawn on the Regions revolver for use in connection with the Pinedale refinancing. 
                
    Principal payments of   $53.0 million   in connection with the Pinedale facility. 
                
    Principal payments on the term note of   $4.8 million  . 
     Significant factors impacting the   $222.2 million   of cash provided by financing activities during   the nine months ended September 30, 2015,   included the following: 
             
    The January 2015 preferred stock offering generated approximately $54.2 million, of which, $32.0 million was subsequently used to pay down the Regions Revolver. 
                
    In connection with the acquisition of the GIGS assets, the Company raised a total of $226.7 million as follows: 
                
    $73.2 million in net proceeds raised in a follow-on common stock offering; 
                 
    $42.0 million drawn on the Regions Revolver. 
                
    On July 8, 2015 the company drew $45 million on a term note, the proceeds of which were used to pay off the Regions Revolver.  The company also made its first principal payment of $900 thousand on the term note. 
                
    Common and preferred dividends paid of approximately $19.9 million and $2.5 million, respectively. 
                
    Distributions to non-controlling interests of $2.0 million 
                
    Principal payments on the $70 million term loan totaling $2.6 million. 
     Revolving and Term Credit Facilities 
  Credit Facilities of the REIT  
  Effective as of March 4, 2016, the Company and the required lenders under the Regions Revolver executed a Limited Consent and Amendment (the  Consent ).  Pursuant to such Consent, among other things, the lenders consented to the Company s use of up to $49.0 million, up to $44.0 million of which could come from the proceeds of draws under the Regions Revolver, in connection with the refinancing of Pinedale LP s outstanding indebtedness due under the   $70 million   secured term credit facility on March 30, 2016, as discussed below. The Company paid fees to the lenders in connection with the Consent in an aggregate amount of $193 thousand. The Company subsequently drew $44 million on the Regions Revolver in conjunction with the refinancing of the Pinedale Facility and as of   September 30, 2016  , has approximately   $53.3 million   of available borrowing capacity on the Regions Revolver.  
  
   41 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

For a summary of the additional material terms of the Regions Credit Facility and the refinancing of the Pinedale LP facility (as discussed below), please see Note 14 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and   Note 10   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
  Pinedale Facility 
  Pinedale LP's $70.0 million secured term credit facility was set to expire at the end of December 2015; however, the Company extended the facility through March 30, 2016. Under the December 31, 2015, extension amendment, outstanding balances accrued interest at a variable annual rate equal to LIBOR plus 4.25 percent. Pinedale LP made principal payments totaling approximately $3.2 million during the extension period through March 30, 2016. On March 30, 2016, the Company and Prudential, as the Refinancing Lenders and in proportion to their pro rata equity interests in Pinedale LP, together paid the remaining $58.5 million principal balance of the $70.0 million secured term credit facility and executed a series of agreements assigning the credit facility to CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. as Agent for the Refinancing Lenders. Through March 30, 2016, the interest rate swap derivatives remained in place on $52.5 million of the secured term credit facility at a fixed rate of 0.865 percent less a floating, 1-month LIBOR rate. As part of the March 30, 2016, refinancing, the Company terminated one of the derivative contracts, representing half of the amount hedged.  The remaining derivative with a notional amount of $26.3 million was de-designated from hedge accounting. 
  Refer to   Note 10   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information. 
  Convertible Notes 
  As authorized by the board of directors, during May 2016, the Company repurchased   $1.0 million   of face value of the Convertible Notes. Refer to Note 15 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and   Note 11   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information concerning the Convertible Notes. 
  MoGas Credit Facility 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the co-borrowers are in compliance with all covenants and there had been no borrowings against the MoGas Revolver. 
  Mowood/Omega Revolver 
  The Mowood/Omega Revolver is used by Omega for working capital and general business purposes, is guaranteed and secured by the assets of Omega.  On July 28, 2016 the previous maturity date of July 31, 2016 was amended and extended to July 31, 2017.  Interest accrues at LIBOR plus 4 percent and is payable monthly in arrears with no unused fee. There was no outstanding balance at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Debt Covenants 
  Under the terms of the amended and restated Regions Revolver and term loan agreement, as of June 30, 2015, the Company is subject to certain financial covenants as follows: (i) a minimum debt service coverage ratio of 2.0 to 1.0; (ii) a maximum total leverage ratio of 5.0 to 1.0; (iii) a maximum senior secured recourse leverage ratio (which generally excludes debt from Unrestricted Subs) of 3.0 to 1.0.; and (iv) a maximum total funded debt to capitalization ratio of 50 percent. Effective September 30, 2015, the Regions Revolver was amended to clarify that the covenant related to the Company's ability to make distributions is tied to AFFO and applicable REIT distribution requirements, and provides that, in the absence of any acceleration of maturity following an Event of Default, the Company may make distributions equal to the greater of the amount required to maintain the Company's REIT status and 100 percent of AFFO for the trailing 12-month period.  
  The   $70 million   secured term credit facility is subject to (i) a minimum interest rate coverage ratio of 5.5 to 1.0; (ii) a maximum leverage ratio of 3.25 to 1.0; and (iii) a minimum net worth of $115.0 million, each measured at the Pinedale LP level and not at the Company level. As a result of the March 30, 2016 refinancing the minimum interest coverage ratio was amended to a ratio of 3.0 to 1.0.  We were in compliance with all covenants at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Equity Offerings 
  On February 18, 2016, we had a new shelf registration statement declared effective by the SEC, pursuant to which we may publicly offer additional debt or equity securities with an aggregate offering price of up to $600.0 million.  
  
   42 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

As of   September 30, 2016  , we have issued   24,754   shares of common stock under the Company's dividend reinvestment plan, reducing availability by approximately   $494 thousand   to approximately   $599.5 million  . 
  Liquidity and Capitalization 
  Our principal investing activities are acquiring and financing midstream and downstream real estate assets within the U.S. energy infrastructure sector and concurrently entering into long-term triple-net participating leases with energy companies. These investing activities have generally been financed from the proceeds of our public equity and debt offerings as well as the term and credit facilities mentioned above. Continued growth of our asset portfolio will depend in part on our continued ability to access funds through additional borrowings and securities offerings. The following is our liquidity and capitalization on the below-noted dates: 

We also have two lines of credit for working capital purposes for two of our subsidiaries with maximum availability of $3.0 million and $1.5 million. 
  Liquidity Analysis 
  In analyzing our liquidity, we generally expect that our cash provided by operating activities will fund our normal recurring operating expenses, recurring debt service requirements, and dividends to shareholders. 
  Our sources of liquidity as of   September 30, 2016  , to pay our remaining   2016   commitments include the amounts available under our revolving credit facilities of approximately   $54.8 million   and unrestricted cash on hand of approximately   $10.1 million  . As authorized by our Board of Directors, we may use our liquidity to purchase up to $10.0 million of our common stock and up to $15.0 million of face value of our convertible debt, subject to market conditions and compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had repurchased approximately   $2.0 million   of common stock and   $1.0 million   of face value of the convertible debt.  See Notes 11 and 12 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report, for convertible debt repurchased and shares of common stock purchased, respectively. 
  We also believe that we will be able to repay, extend, refinance or otherwise settle our debt obligations for 2016 and thereafter as the debt comes due, and that we will be able to fund our remaining commitments as necessary. However, there can be no assurance that additional financing or capital will be available, or that terms will be acceptable or advantageous to us. 
  Private Securities Investments 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our only remaining securities investment was Lightfoot. For additional information concerning Lightfoot and related developments during 2016, please refer to the discussion presented above in this Item 2 under the heading  Asset Portfolio and Related Developments.  
  We do not plan to make additional investments in securities (other than short-term, highly liquid investments to be held pending acquisition of real property assets and, to the extent compatible with our status as a REIT, equity enhancements to certain of our real property investments), and we intend to liquidate our remaining private securities investments in an orderly manner. 
  
   43 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
  The following table summarizes our significant contractual payment obligations as of   September 30, 2016  : 

Fees paid to Corridor under the Management Agreement and the Administrative Agreement are not included because they vary as a function of the value of our total asset base. For additional information see   Note 8   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
   
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
  We do not have, and are not expected to have, any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
   
  MAJOR TENANTS 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had three significant leases. For additional information concerning each of these leases, see   Note 3   in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
   
  DIVIDENDS 
  Our portfolio of real property assets, promissory notes, and investment securities generates cash flow to us from which we pay distributions to stockholders. For the period ended   September 30, 2016  , the sources of our stockholder distributions include lease revenue, transportation and distribution revenue from our real property assets, and distributions from our investment securities. Distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date and distributions to preferred stockholders are recorded when declared by the Board of Directors. The characterization of any distribution for federal income tax purposes will not be determined until after the end of the taxable year. 
  On February 29, 2016, the Company paid fourth quarter dividends of $0.75 per share of common stock and $0.4609375 per depositary share for the Company s 7.375% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. 
  On May 31, 2016, the Company paid first quarter dividends of $.075 per share of common stock and $0.4609375 per depositary share for the Company's 7.375% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. 
  On August 31, 2016, the Company paid second quarter dividends of $.075 per share of common stock and $0.4609375 per depositary share for the Company's 7.375% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. 
  On October 26, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors declared third quarter dividends of $0.75 per share of common stock and $0.4609375 per depositary share for the Company's 7.375% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock payable on  November 30, 2016. 
  A REIT is generally required to distribute during the taxable year an amount equal to at least 90 percent of the REIT taxable income (determined under Internal Revenue Code section 857(b)(2), without regard to the deduction for dividends paid). We intend to  
  
   44 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

adhere to this requirement in order to maintain our REIT status. The Board of Directors will continue to determine the amount of any distribution that we expect to pay our stockholders. 
   
  IMPACT OF INFLATION AND DEFLATION 
  Deflation can result in a decline in general price levels, often caused by a decrease in the supply of money or credit. The predominant effects of deflation are high unemployment, credit contraction, and weakened consumer demand. Restricted lending practices could impact our ability to obtain financings or to refinance our properties and our tenants' ability to obtain credit. During inflationary periods, we intend for substantially all of our tenant leases to be designed to mitigate the impact of inflation. Generally, our leases include rent escalators that are based on the CPI, or other agreed upon metrics that increase with inflation. 
   
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
  The financial statements included in this report are based on the selection and application of critical accounting policies, which require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Critical accounting policies are those that are both important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, complex, or subjective judgments. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP  requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, recognition of distribution income, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  A more complete discussion of our critical accounting estimates is presented under the heading  Critical Accounting Estimates  in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , as previously filed with the SEC. The following information updates our discussion of Critical Accounting Estimates related to Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill in our annual report. 
  Goodwill Impairment 
  Our goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid for MoGas over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. We periodically evaluate our goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. This evaluation requires us to compare the fair value of the assets to the current and future operating performance of the assets, the most important of which is discounted operating cash flows. If the fair value exceeds the carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired. 
  We estimate the fair value of MoGas based on a number of factors, including discount rates, projected cash flows, and the potential value we would receive if we sold the business. We also compare the total fair value to our overall enterprise value, which considers the market value for our common and preferred units. Estimating projected cash flows requires us to make certain assumptions as it relates to the future operating performance of MoGas and assumptions related to their customers, such as their future capital and operating plans and their financial condition. When considering operating performance, various factors are considered such as current and changing economic conditions and the commodity price environment, among others. Due to the imprecise nature of these projections and assumptions, actual results can differ from our estimates. If the assumptions embodied in the projections prove inaccurate, we could incur a future impairment charge. 
  We acquired MoGas on November 24, 2014, and recorded the assets, liabilities and goodwill at fair value on the date they were acquired. As a result, any level of decrease in the forecasted cash flows of these assets or increases in the discount rates utilized to value the assets from their respective acquisition dates would likely result in the fair value of the assets falling below the carrying value, and could result in an assessment of whether the related goodwill is impaired. 
  Commodity prices have continued to decline since late 2014, and that decline has adversely impacted forecasted cash flows, discount rates, and stock/unit prices for most companies in the energy industry. 
  We continue to monitor goodwill and we could experience impairments of goodwill in the future if we experience material customer defaults. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have not recorded any impairments of goodwill. 
  Long-Lived Assets 
  Our long-lived assets consist primarily of a subsea midstream pipeline system, liquids gathering system, petroleum products terminal, and natural gas pipelines that have been obtained through a business combination and asset acquisitions. The initial recording of these long-lived assets was at fair value, which is estimated by management primarily utilizing market-related information and other projections on the performance of the assets acquired. Management reviews this information to determine its reasonableness in comparison to the assumptions utilized in determining the purchase price of the assets in addition to other  
  
   45 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

market-based information that was received through the purchase process and other sources. These projections also include projections on potential obligations assumed in these acquisitions. Due to the imprecise nature of the projections and assumptions utilized in determining fair value, actual results can, and often do, differ from our estimates. 
  We utilize assumptions related to the useful lives and related terminal value of our long-lived assets in order to determine depreciation and amortization expense each period. Due to the imprecise nature of the projections and assumptions utilized in determining useful lives, actual results can differ from our estimates. 
  We continually monitor our business, the business environment, and the performance of our operations to determine if an event has occurred that indicates that a long-lived asset may be impaired. If an event occurs, which is a determination that involves judgment, we may be required to utilize cash flow projections to assess our ability to recover the carrying value of our assets based on our long-lived assets' ability to generate future cash flows on an undiscounted basis. This differs from our evaluation of goodwill, for which we perform an assessment of the recoverability of goodwill utilizing fair value estimates that primarily utilize discounted cash flows in the estimation process (as described above), and accordingly any goodwill impairment recognized may not be indicative of a similar impairment of the related underlying long-lived assets. 
  Projected cash flows of our long-lived assets are generally based on contractual cash flows relating to existing leases that extend many years into the future. If those cash flow projections indicate that the long-lived asset's carrying value is not recoverable, we record an impairment charge for the excess of carrying value of the asset over its fair value. The estimate of fair value considers a number of factors, including the potential value we would receive if we sold the asset, discount rates, and projected cash flows. Due to the imprecise nature of these projections and assumptions, actual results can differ from our estimates. 
  We continue to monitor our long-lived assets, and we could experience additional impairments of the remaining carrying value of these long-lived assets in the future if we receive additional negative information about market conditions or our tenants which could negatively impact the forecasted cash flows or discount rates utilized to determine the fair value of those investments. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have not recorded an impairment of long-lived assets. 
   
  ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  Our business activities contain elements of market risk.  We consider fluctuations in the value of our securities portfolio to be our principal market risk. With respect to our equity securities as of   September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes to our market risk exposure as compared to the end of our preceding fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of our securities portfolio (excluding short-term investments) totaled approximately   $9.5 million  . We estimate that the impact of a 10 percent increase or decrease in the fair value of these securities, net of related deferred taxes, would increase or decrease net assets applicable to common shareholders by approximately   $590 thousand  . 
  Our equity and debt securities, outside of the convertible notes, are reported at fair value. The fair value of securities is determined using readily available market quotations from the principal market, if available. Because there are no readily available market quotations for many of the securities in our portfolio, we value our securities at fair value as determined in good faith under a valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process, which has been approved by our Board of Directors. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of securities that do not have readily available market quotations, the fair value of our securities may differ significantly from the fair values that would have been used had a ready market quotation existed for such securities, and these differences could be material. 
  Long-term debt used to finance our acquisitions may be based on floating or fixed rates.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $151.6 million   in long-term debt (net of current maturities) and   $44 million   borrowed under a line of credit. The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate     risk. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including forward interest rate curves. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments and the discounted expected variable cash receipts. The variable cash receipts are based on an expectation of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate forward curves. Changes in interest rates can cause interest charges to fluctuate on that portion of our variable rate debt which is not hedged. 
  On March 30, 2016, the Company and Prudential ("the Lenders") together paid their pro rata shares of the $58.5 million principal balance of the   $70 million   secured term credit facility and the Company executed a series of agreements assigning the credit facility to CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. as Agent for the Lenders. The facility was further modified to increase the LIBOR Rate to the greater of (i) 1.0% and (ii) the one-month LIBOR rate; and to increase the LIBOR Rate Spread to seven percent (7.0 percent) per annum. The Company also terminated one of its original derivative contracts, leaving an interest rate swap derivative contract with a notional amount of $26.3 million as of March 30, 2016. 
  
   46 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

Variable rate debt as of   September 30, 2016  , was   $9.6 million   under the Pinedale facility,   $44.0 million   under the Regions Revolver, and   $38.4 million   under the Regions Term Note.  These variable rate debt instruments total   $65.7 million   of variable rate debt after giving effect to our   $26.3 million   interest rate swap at   September 30, 2016  . A 100 basis point increase or decrease in current LIBOR rates would result in a   $728 thousand   increase or decrease of interest expense   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of our hedge derivative liability totaled approximately   $49 thousand  . We estimate that the impact of a 100 basis point increase in the one-month LIBOR rate would increase the value of the interest rate swap by   $307 thousand  , while a decrease of 100 basis points would decrease the value of the interest rate swap by   $220 thousand   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  We consider the management of risk essential to conducting our businesses. Accordingly, our risk management systems and procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risks, to set appropriate policies and limits and to continually monitor these risks and limits by means of reliable administrative and information systems and other policies and programs. 
   
  ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Conclusion Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (our principal executive and principal financial officers, respectively), we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on that evaluation, these officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, that occurred during the quarterly period ending   September 30, 2016  , that   have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. 
   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
  Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  ,   sets forth information relating to important risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results. Those risk factors continue to be relevant to an understanding of our business, financial condition, and operating results for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  .  Each risk factor below amends and restates the corresponding risk factor previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  Other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors contained in our   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Risks Related to Our Investments in Real Estate and the U.S. Energy Infrastructure Sector 
  Risks Related to Our Two Largest Investments 
  The Grand Isle Gathering System and the Pinedale LGS constitute the largest components of our leased infrastructure real property assets and associated lease revenues and will materially impact the results of our business.  
  The Grand Isle Gathering System represented approximately 38 percent of our total assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and the lease under the Grand Isle Lease Agreement with the EXXI Tenant represented approximately 46 percent and 29 percent of our total revenue   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   and the year ended   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  The Pinedale LGS represented approximately 30 percent of our total assets as of both   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , and the lease payments under the Pinedale Lease Agreement with Ultra Wyoming  
  
   47 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

represented approximately 23 percent and 29 percent of our total revenue   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   and the year ended   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  EXXI, the corporate parent and guarantor of the obligations of EXXI Tenant under the Grand Isle Lease Agreement and certain entities affiliated with it filed for bankruptcy on April 14, 2016.  The EXXI Tenant did not file for bankruptcy.  The entities that did file for bankruptcy subsequently sought, and obtained from the bankruptcy court, an order characterizing us as a critical vendor.  This characterization ensures continued payment to us of rental payments during the bankruptcy.  All payments due to us from the EXXI Tenant have been timely paid. 
  In September 2016, EXXI received approval of its Supplement to the Third Amended Disclosure Statement. The deadline to object to the Reorganization Plan and assumed contracts and leases was October 31, 2016 and the deadline for voting on the Plan of Reorganization was November 1, 2016. The confirmation hearing is scheduled to begin on November 7, 2016. The bankruptcy court extended EXXI s exclusivity period to November 14, 2016.  
  Ultra Wyoming, the lessee of the Pinedale LGS, as well as Ultra Petroleum and Ultra Resources, the guarantors of Ultra Wyoming's obligations as tenant under the Pinedale Lease Agreement, each filed for bankruptcy on April 29, 2016. All payments due to us under the Pinedale Lease Agreement have been timely paid. 
  On August 30, 2016, we filed proofs of claim with the bankruptcy court handling the Ultra Petroleum bankruptcies.  These filings were made prior to the September 1, 2016 deadline for proofs of claim to be filed and were intended to protect the interests of CorEnergy shareholders based on certain rights granted under guarantee and indemnification provisions in the lease. 
  On September 20, 2016, we filed a motion to dismiss the tenant, Ultra Wyoming, from the Ultra Petroleum bankruptcy process based on our belief in the tenant's solvency. In a responsive bankruptcy filing, Ultra Petroleum disclosed an alternative to our Pinedale LGS that it acquired when it bought upstream reserves from Shell in 2014 and indicated that it could move production off our system to the alternative system with a relatively small capital investment. Ultra Petroleum later acknowledged that losing access to the Pinedale LGS due to lease rejection would cost hundreds of millions of dollars in foregone revenue and that cost estimates related to switching to the alternate system did not include payment of any damages to us which may result from such actions. The parties agreed to non-binding mediation and agreed to extend the deadline for Ultra Wyoming to accept or reject the Pinedale Lease until December 15, 2016. 
  Current information about the EXXI bankruptcy and a complete discussion of the risks related to EXXI's business can be found in EXXI's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. Current information about the Ultra Petroleum bankruptcy and a complete discussion of the risks related to Ultra Petroleum's business can be found in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  Further updates related to Ultra Petroleum and EXXI may be found in their subsequent reports filed with the SEC. 
  Additional Risks Related to Our Real Estate and Energy Infrastructure Investments 
  We are subject to risks involved in single tenant leases. 
  We intend to focus our acquisition activities on real properties that are triple-net leased to single tenants.  Therefore, the financial failure of, or other default by, a single tenant under its lease: (i) is likely to cause a significant reduction in the operating cash flow generated by the property leased to that tenant, (ii) might decrease the value of that property, and (iii) could expose us to 100 percent of all applicable operating costs.   
  In addition, if we determine that a renewal of a lease with any present or future tenant of any of our energy infrastructure assets is not in the best interests of our stockholders, if a tenant determines it no longer wishes to be the tenant under a lease upon its expiration, if we desire to terminate a lease as a result of a breach of that lease by the tenant or if we lose any tenant as a result of such tenant s bankruptcy, then in each circumstance we would need to identify a new tenant for the lease.  We may not be able to identify a new tenant, as interest in leasing certain of our assets would be dependent on ownership of an interest in nearby mineral rights.   In addition, any new tenant would need to be a qualified and reputable operator of such energy infrastructure assets with the wherewithal and capability of acting as our tenant.  There is no assurance that we would be able to identify a tenant that meets these criteria, or that we could enter into a new lease with any such tenant on terms that are as favorable as the lease terms that were in place with the prior tenant. 
  
   48 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

If a tenant becomes insolvent or declares bankruptcy and such action results in a rejection of the lease, or in the sale-leaseback transaction being challenged as a fraudulent transfer or re-characterized in the lessee company s bankruptcy proceeding, our business, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.  
  We enter into sale-leaseback transactions, whereby we purchase an energy infrastructure property and then simultaneously lease the same property back to the seller. If a lessee company becomes insolvent or declares bankruptcy, our business could be adversely affected by one or both of the following: 
             
    A sale-leaseback transaction may be re-characterized as either a financing or a joint venture in a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding. If the sale-leaseback were re-characterized as a financing, we might not be considered the owner of the subject property, and as a result would have the status of a creditor in relation to the lessee company. In that event, we would no longer have the right to sell or encumber our ownership interest in the property. Instead, we would have a claim against the lessee company for the amounts owed under the lease. Although we believe each of our lease agreements constitutes a true lease that should not be re-characterized, there is no guaranty a court would agree. In the event of re-characterization, our claim under a lease agreement would either be secured or unsecured. We will take steps to create and perfect a security interest in our lease agreement such that our claim would be secured in the event of a re-characterization, but such attempts could be subject to challenge by the debtor or creditors and there is no assurance a court would find our claim to be secured. The lessee company/debtor under this scenario, might have the ability to restructure the terms, interest rate and amortization schedule of its outstanding balance. If approved by the bankruptcy court, we could be bound by the new terms, and prevented from foreclosing any lien on the property. If the sale-leaseback were re-characterized as a joint venture, we and the lessee company could be treated as co-venturers with regard to the property. As a result, we could be held liable, under some circumstances, for debts incurred by the lessee company relating to the property. 
                
    Subject to the re-characterization risk above, the lessee could either assume or reject the lease in a bankruptcy proceeding. Generally, the lessee would be required to make rent payments to us during its bankruptcy until it rejects the lease (for leases that are personal property leases, the lessee need not make rental payments that arise from the petition date until 60 days after the order for relief is entered in the bankruptcy case). If the lessee assumes the lease, the bankruptcy court would not be able to change the rental amount or any other lease provision that could financially impact us. However, if the lessee rejects the lease, the facility would be returned to us, though there may be a delay as a result of the bankruptcy in such return.  We may not be able to identify a new tenant, as interest in leasing certain of our assets would be dependent on ownership of an interest in nearby mineral rights.  In addition, any new tenant would need to be a qualified reputable operator of such energy infrastructure assets with the wherewithal and capability of acting as our tenant.  There is no assurance that we would be able to identify a tenant that meets these criteria, or that we could enter into a new lease with any such tenant on terms that are as favorable as the lease terms that were in place with the prior tenant.  In that event, if we were able to re-lease the affected facility to a new tenant only on unfavorable terms or after a significant delay, we could lose some or all of the revenue from that facility for an extended period of time. If the lease agreement is rejected, our claim against the lessee and/or parent guarantor could be subject to a statutory cap under section 502(b)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code to the extent the lease agreement is deemed to be a lease for real property rather than a lease for personal property. Such cap generally limits the amount of a claim for lease-based damages in the event of a rejection to the greater of one year's rent or 15 percent of the rent reserved for the remaining lease term, not to exceed 3 years. We believe that any of our lease agreements would be characterized as a real property lease rather than a personal property lease, though a court could hold to the contrary. 
      
   ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   we did not sell any securities that were not registered under the 1933 Act, nor did we repurchase any equity securities of the Company. 
   
  ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
  None. 
  
   49 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
                     Exhibit No. 
    Description of Document 
        
      12.1 
    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends- filed herewith 
      31.1 
    Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - filed herewith 
      31.2 
    Certification by Chief Accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - filed herewith 
      32.1 
    Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - furnished herewith 
      101 
    The following materials from CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - furnished herewith 

50 

Table of Contents  
      
     Glossary of Defined Terms  

CORENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE TRUST, INC. 
  SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
                   CORENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE TRUST, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By:  
      
    /s/ Rebecca M. Sandring 

Rebecca M. Sandring 

Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

November 4, 2016 

By: 
      
    /s/ David J. Schulte 

David J. Schulte 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

November 4, 2016 

<EX-12.1>
 2
 corr-2016930x10qexx121rati.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1 RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED DIVIDENDS

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 12.1 - Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends - CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. 

(1) 
    Fixed charges consist of interest expense, as defined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, on all indebtedness 
     (2)    In the current year column, his line represents the amount of preferred stock dividends accumulated as of September 30, 2016. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 corr-2016930x10qexx311sect.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, David J. Schulte, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: November 4, 2016 
       
    /s/ David J. Schulte 

David J. Schulte 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 corr-2016930x10qexx312sect.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Rebecca M. Sandring, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: November 4, 2016 
       
    /s/ Rebecca M. Sandring 

Rebecca M. Sandring 

Chief Accounting Officer/Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 corr-2016930x10qexx321sect.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2001, the undersigned officers of CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
               /s/ David J. Schulte 
      David J. Schulte 
      Chief Executive Officer 
      Date: November 4, 2016 
        
      /s/ Rebecca M. Sandring 
      Rebecca M. Sandring 
      Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer 
      Date: November 4, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this report.   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 corr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 corr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 corr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 corr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 corr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 corr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

