<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-K_edgar_data_1445942_0001580695-16-000890_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3665640</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>310459</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>260884</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1103182</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1135263</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>721308</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>110</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001580695-16-000890.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214164227
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001580695-16-000890
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Texas Mineral Resources Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001445942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				870294969
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53482
		FILM NUMBER:		162051530

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		539 EL PASO STREET
		CITY:			SIERRA BLANCA
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79851
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(915) 369-2133

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		539 EL PASO STREET
		CITY:			SIERRA BLANCA
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79851

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Standard Silver Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080924

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001580695-16-000890.txt : 20161214

10-K
 1
 tmrc-10k_083116.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

For
the transition period from          to   

Commission
file number: 000-53482   

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP.   

  (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)  

Delaware    
        87-0294969     
 
      (State
    of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S.
    Employer Identification No.)   

539
    El Paso Street   

Sierra
    Blanca, Texas    
        79851     
 
      (Address
    of Principal Executive Offices)  
      (Zip
    Code)   

(915)
369-2133   

  (Registrant s
Telephone Number, including Area Code)  

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:  None   

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:  Common Stock, par value $0.01   

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes     No     

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes     No     

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes      No     

Indicate
by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):  

Large Accelerated Filer    
      Accelerated Filer    
      Non-Accelerated Filer    
      Smaller Reporting Company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes     No

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the
price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: As of November 24, 2016 the aggregate
market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was
$7,440,653 based upon the closing sale price of the common stock as reported by the OTCQX.US. For purposes of this
calculation, shares of common stock held by executive officers, directors and holders of greater than 10% of the
registrant s outstanding common stock are assumed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate
status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.  

The number of
shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of December 12, 2016 was 44,941,532.  

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

Portions
of our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection
with the 2017 Annual General Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference to Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PRELIMINARY NOTES   
      1   
 
       GLOSSARY OF TERMS   
      1   
 
       CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
      3   
 
       PART I   
      4   
 
       ITEM 1. BUSINESS   
      4   
 
       ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
      11   
 
       ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   
      21   
 
       ITEM 2. PROPERTIES   
      21   
 
       ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      33   
 
       ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      33   
 
       PART II   
      34   
 
       ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
      34   
 
       ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   
      36   
 
       ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      36   
 
       ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      39   
 
       ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
      F-1   
 
       ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   
      40   
 
       ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      40   
 
       ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION   
      41   
 
       PART III   
      42   
 
       ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
      42   
 
       ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
      49   
 
       ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
      51   
 
       ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   
      55   
 
       ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   
      55   
 
       PART IV   
      57   
 
       ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES   
      57   
 
       SIGNATURES   
      59   

PRELIMINARY
NOTES   

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K ( Annual Report ), references to  Texas Mineral ,  the Company, 
 we,   our,   us  or  TMRC  mean Texas Mineral Resources Corp. and its predecessors,
as the context requires.  

GLOSSARY
                    OF TERMS     

Alteration  
         
       Any
                           physical or chemical change in a rock or mineral subsequent to its formation.    

Breccia  
         
       A rock
        in which angular fragments are surrounded by a mass of fine-grained minerals.    

Concession  
         
       A grant
        of a tract of land made by a government or other controlling authority in return for stipulated services or a promise
        that the land will be used for a specific purpose.    

Core  
         
       The long
        cylindrical piece of a rock, about an inch in diameter, brought to the surface by diamond drilling.    

Diamond
    drilling  
         
       A drilling
        method in which the cutting is done by abrasion using diamonds embedded in a matrix rather than by percussion. The drill
        cuts a core of rock, which is recovered in long cylindrical sections.    

Drift  
         
       A horizontal
        underground opening that follows along the length of a vein or rock formation as opposed to a cross-cut which crosses
        the rock formation.    

Exploration  
         
       Work involved
        in searching for ore, usually by drilling or driving a drift.    

Exploration
    expenditures  
         
       Costs
        incurred in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have
        prospects that may contain mineral deposit reserves.    

Grade  
         
       The average
        assay of a ton of ore, reflecting metal content.    

Host
    rock  
         
       The rock
        surrounding an ore deposit.    

Intrusive  
         
       A body
        of igneous rock formed by the consolidation of magma intruded into other rocks, in contrast to lavas, which are extruded
        upon the surface.    

Lode  
         
       A mineral
        deposit in solid rock.    

Ore  
         
       The naturally
        occurring material from which a mineral or minerals of economic value can be extracted profitably or to satisfy social
        or political objectives. The term is generally but not always used to refer to metalliferous material, and is often modified
        by the names of the valuable constituent; e.g., iron ore.    

Ore
    body  
         
       A continuous,
        well-defined mass of material of sufficient ore content to make extraction economically feasible.    

Mine
    development  
         
       The work
        carried out for the purpose of opening up a mineral deposit and making the actual ore extraction possible.    

Mineral  
         
       A naturally
        occurring homogeneous substance having definite physical properties and chemical composition, and if formed under favorable
        conditions, a definite crystal forms.    

Mineralization  
         
       The presence
        of minerals in a specific area or geological formation.    

Mineral
    Reserve  
         
       That part
        of a mineral deposit which could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination.
        Reserves are customarily stated in terms of  Ore  when dealing with metalliferous minerals.    

Probable
        (Indicated) Reserves   
         
       Reserves
        for which quantity and grade and/or quality are computed from information similar to that used for proven (measured) reserves,
        but the sites for inspection, sampling, and measurement are farther apart or are otherwise less adequately spaced. The
        degree of assurance, although lower than that for proven (measured) reserves, is high enough to assume continuity between
        points of observation.    

Prospect   
         
       A
                           mining property, the value of which has not been determined by exploration.    

Proven
        (Measured) Reserves   
         
       Reserves
        for which (a) quantity is computed from dimensions revealed in outcrops, trenches, workings or drill holes; grade and/or
        quality are computed from the results of detailed sampling and (b) the sites for inspection, sampling and measurement
        are spaced so closely and the geologic character is so well defined that size, shape, depth and mineral content of reserves
        are well-established.    

Tonne  
         
       A metric
        ton which is equivalent to 2,200 pounds.    

Trend  
         
       A general
        term for the direction or bearing of the outcrop of a geological feature of any dimension, such as a layer, vein, ore
        body, or fold.    

Unpatented
    mining claim  
         
       A parcel
        of property located on federal lands pursuant to the General Mining Law and the requirements of the state in which the
        unpatented claim is located, the paramount title of which remains with the federal government. The holder of a valid,
        unpatented lode-mining claim is granted certain rights including the right to explore and mine such claim.    

Vein  
         
      A mineralized
    zone having a more or less regular development in length, width, and depth, which clearly separates it from neighboring rock.   

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   

This
Annual Report contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 (collectively,  forward-looking statements ). Such forward-looking statements concern the Company s
anticipated results and developments in the Company s operations in future periods, planned exploration and development
of its properties, plans related to its business and other matters that may occur in the future. These statements relate to analyses
and other information that are based on forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts not yet determinable and assumptions
of management.  

Any
statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives,
assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, using words or phrases such as  expects  or  does
not expect ,  is expected ,  anticipates  or  does not anticipate ,  plans ,
 estimates  or  intends , or stating that certain actions, events or results  may ,  could ,
 would ,  might  or  will  be taken, occur or be achieved) are not statements of historical
fact and may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report include, but are not limited to:  

the
                                         progress, potential and uncertainties of our 2016-2017 rare-earth exploration program
                                         at our Round Top Project, located near Sierra Blanca, Texas (the  Round Top Project );    

cost
                                         and timing for Pre-Feasibility Study for our Round Top Project    

the
                                         success of getting the necessary permits for future drill programs and future project
                                         exploration;    

expectations
                                         regarding the ability to raise capital and to continue our exploration plans on our properties;
                                         and    

plans
                                         regarding anticipated expenditures at the Round Top Project.    

Forward-looking
statements are subject to a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events
or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation:  

risks
                                         associated with our ability to continue as a going concern;    

risks
                                         associated with our history of losses and need for additional financing;    

risks
                                         associated with our limited operating history;    

risks
                                         associated with our properties all being in the exploration stage;    

risks
                                         associated with our lack of history in producing metals from our properties;    

risks
                                         associated with a shortage of equipment and supplies;    

risks
                                         associated with our need for additional financing to develop a producing mine, if warranted;    

risks
                                         associated with our exploration activities not being commercially successful;    

risks
                                         associated with ownership of surface rights at our Round Top Project;    

risks
                                         associated with increased costs affecting our financial condition;    

risks
                                         associated with a shortage of equipment and supplies adversely affecting our ability
                                         to operate;    

risks
                                         associated with mining and mineral exploration being inherently dangerous;    

risks
                                         associated with mineralization estimates;    

risks
                                         associated with changes in mineralization estimates affecting the economic viability
                                         of our properties;    

risks
                                         associated with uninsured risks;    

risks
                                         associated with mineral operations being subject to market forces beyond our control;    

risks
                                         associated with fluctuations in commodity prices;    

risks
                                         associated with permitting, licenses and approval processes;    

risks
                                         associated with the governmental and environmental regulations;    

risks
                                         associated with future legislation regarding the mining industry and climate change;    

risks
                                         associated with potential environmental lawsuits;    

risks
                                         associated with our land reclamation requirements;    

risks
                                         associated with rare earth and beryllium mining presenting potential health risks;    

risks
                                         related to title in our properties;    

risks
                                         related to competition in the mining and rare earth elements industries;    

risks
                                         related to economic conditions;    

risks
                                         related to our ability to manage growth;    

risks
                                         related to the potential difficulty of attracting and retaining qualified personnel;    

risks
                                         related to our dependence on key personnel;    

risks
                                         related to our United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
                                         filing history; and    

risks
                                         related to our securities.    

This
list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect the Company s forward-looking statements. Some of the important risks
and uncertainties that could affect forward-looking statements are described further under the section headings  Risk Factors 
and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this Annual Report.
Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or
intended. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may vary materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Company cautions readers not to place
undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Except as required by law, the Company
disclaims any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date
of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.  We qualify all the forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report by the foregoing cautionary statements.   

PART
I   

ITEM
                            1.        BUSINESS   

Corporate
Organization and History   

We were incorporated
in the State of Nevada in 1970 as Standard Silver Corporation. In July 2004, our Articles of Incorporation were amended and restated
to increase the number of shares of common stock to 25,000,000, and in March 2007, we affected a 1 for 2 reverse stock split.
In September 2008, we amended and restated our Articles of Incorporation to: (i) increase of the number of shares of common stock
from 25,000,000 to 100,000,000; and to (ii) authorize an additional 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, to be issued at management s
discretion. In September 2010, we amended our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to change our name from Standard
Silver Corporation to Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp.  

On
August 24, 2012, we changed our state of incorporation from the State of Nevada to the State of Delaware (the  Reincorporation )
pursuant to a plan of conversion dated August 24, 2012. The Reincorporation was previously submitted to a vote of, and approved
by, our stockholders at a special meeting of the stockholders held on April 25, 2012.  

On
March 14, 2016, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to amend its
Certificate of Incorporation to change the name of the Company from  Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp  to  Texas
Mineral Resources Corp . The amendment became effective on March 21, 2016. The Certificate of Amendment did not make any
other amendments to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation.  

  Our
common stock is traded on the OTCQX U.S. operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. under the symbol  TMRC.  The market for
our common stock on the OTCQX U.S. is extremely limited, sporadic and highly volatile.  

Our
fiscal year-end is August 31.  

Narrative
Description of Business   

We
are a mining company engaged in the business of the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. We currently
hold two nineteen year leases, executed in September 2011 and November 2011 respectively, to explore and develop a 950 acre rare
earths project located in Hudspeth County, Texas known as the Round Top Project. We also have prospecting permits covering 9,345
acres adjacent to the Round Top Project. Our principal focus is on developing a metallurgical process to concentrate or otherwise
extract the metals from the Round Top Project s rhyolite, although we will continue to examine other opportunities in the
region as they develop. We currently have limited operations and have not established that any of our projects or properties contain
any Proven or Probable Reserves under SEC Industry Guide 7 ( Guide 7 ).  

On
November 8, 2011, we announced that our supplementary operating plan to expand exploration activities at our Round Top Project
had been approved by the Texas General Land Office (GLO); the expanded development and exploration drill plan called for an additional
40 drill holes and 4 diamond core holes for an estimated planned drilled footage of 20,000 feet. The program included 4,000 feet
of Core drilling to establish a high level of confidence in the mineralization, provide physical engineering data and additional
metallurgical sample. During 2011-2012 the permits were amended and there were 41,765 feet of reverse circulation drilling and
1,294.5 feet of core drilling done on Round Top.  

On
March 20, 2012, we submitted for approval an updated plan of operations. The updated plan of operations consisted of the reclassification
of the drilling program through to a feasibility study into three phases. Phase 1 consists of 25 drill locations, phase 2 consists
of 41 drill locations and phase 3 consists of 27 drill locations all located on the Round Top Project. The plan of operations
also included two locations for 100 ton bulk sample collection for additional metallurgical tests. We have suspended this phase
of physical exploration and development at the Round Top Project pending development of a metallurgical process to extract the
potentially marketable metals.  

On
June 22, 2012, we published our Preliminary Economic Assessment for our Round Top Project, entitled  NI 43-101
Preliminary Economic Assessment Round Top Project, Sierra Blanca, Texas,  dated June 22, 2012, effective as of May 15,
2012 (the  PEA ).     

On October 3,
2012, our management released updated economic projections related to various revisions to the proposed mine plan presented in
the PEA.  

On
March 6, 2013, we purchased the surface lease at the Round Top Project, known as the West Lease, from the Southwest Wildlife and
Range Foundation (the  Foundation ) for $500,000 cash and 1,063,830 shares of our common stock. We also agreed to
support the Foundation through an annual payment of $45,000 for ten years to support conservation efforts within the Rio Grande
Basin and in particular engaging in stewardship of Lake Amistad, a large and well-known fishing lake near Del Rio, Texas. The
West Lease comprises approximately 54,990 acres and is fully paid until 2028, thereby having a lease value of approximately $1,364,852.
Most importantly, purchase of the surface lease gave us unrestricted surface access for the potential development and mining of
our Round Top Project. As of August 31, 2016 the fourth annual payment of $45,000 was not paid on June 2016, however the Company
has received a waiver until May 31, 2017 for payment.  

On
May 8, 2013, we released testing results by an independent laboratory of the leaching characteristic of the rhyolite at our Round
Top Project, which demonstrates characteristics that may be favorable to heap leach mining at the Round Top Project. These leaching
characteristics are described in greater detail below under the section heading  Item 2. Properties   Round Top Project
  Metallurgy .  

On
September 30, 2013 we released the results on column leach testing by an independent laboratory and announced our intention to
issue a revised PEA based on a heap leach operation designed to produce approximately 2,500 tons per year of heavy rare earth
elements plus yttrium. The column leach testing results are described in greater detail below under the section heading  Item
2. Properties   Round Top Project   Metallurgy .  

On
December 23, 2013, we published a revised version of the June 2012 Preliminary Economic Assessment (the  Revised PEA )
based on a 20,000 tonne per day heap leach operation using a conventional element separation plant. The mineralized material estimate
was recalculated to include uranium, niobium, tantalum and tin. The Revised PEA assesses the potential economic viability of the
simplified and  scaled down  operation which we believe is a much better fit with the present rare earth market.  

On
September 8, 2014, we announced that we had completed an internal analysis suggesting that there is a reasonable possibility to
adapt a lower volume staged growth approach to development of our Round Top project. The analysis indicated that an operation
designed to produce a selected group of separated REE products in the range of 350-450 tonnes per year range, could potentially
yield favorable mine economics. The goal of the proposed staged approach would be to increase mining rates if and when our products
gained acceptability. The analysis suggested that capital needs in the Revised PEA could be proportionally reduced in relation
to the lower volume initial stage. We are currently conducting a more detailed analysis of the relative capital expenses and operating
expenses requirements of a scaled down processing plant with both solvent extraction and ion exchange processes under evaluation.
We believe the lower capital requirements of a staged startup could offset any marginal increase in unit operating costs.  

On
October 29, 2014, we announced that we had executed agreements with the Texas General Land Office securing the option to purchase
the surface rights covering the potential Round Top project mine and plant areas and, separately, a lease to develop the water
necessary for the potential Round Top project mine operations. The option to purchase the surface rights covers approximately
5,670 acres over the mining lease and the additional acreage adequate to site all potential heap leaching and processing operations
as currently anticipated by the Company. We may exercise the option for all or part of the option acreage at any time during the
sixteen year primary term of the mineral lease. The option can be kept current by an annual payment of $10,000 which was paid
in November 2015 and current to date. The purchase price will be the appraised value of the surface at the time of exercising
the option.  

The
ground water lease secures our right to develop the ground water within a 13,120 acre lease area located approximately 4 miles
from the Round Top deposit. The lease area contains five existing water wells. It is anticipated that all potential water needs
for the Round Top project mine operations would be satisfied by the existing wells covered by this water lease. This lease has
an annual minimum production payment of $5,000 prior to production of water for the operation which was paid in October 2015 and
current to date. After initiation of production we will pay $0.95 per thousand gallons or $20,000 annually, whichever is greater.
This lease remains effective as long as the mineral lease is in effect.  

On
February 24, 2015, we signed a letter of intent to form a joint venture with K-Technologies, Inc. (K-Tech), a chemical process
development and applications company serving the minerals and chemicals industries to develop, refine and market K-Tech s
Continuous Ion Exchange (CIX) and Continuous Ion Chromatography (CIC) technology as it applies primarily to the extraction of
rare earth elements (REE) from native ores. The joint venture will license the technology to us, as well as other rare earth production
companies. Subject to agreement by TMRC, the joint venture may also elect to build and operate processing facilities to separate
and purify mixed rare earth concentrates into individual purified rare earth oxides for other rare earth production companies
in addition to TMRC.  

In early March
2015, we conducted a trial mining test during which we mined 500 tonnes of rhyolite, transported and crushed the ore to 80% passing
a 1   inch screen. This rock is now stockpiled and will be used in the Stage 2 pilot plant development, as described in
greater detail below under the section heading  Item 2. Properties   Round Top Project   Metallurgy .  

On
May 26, 2015, we announced that K-tech had successfully produced a low cerium concentrate solution employing their CIX/CIC process.
This concentrate solution was separated from crushed Round Top rhyolite leached in 8 inch by 8 foot columns. If precipitated,
dried and calcined, this concentrate would be a salable in the present rare earth market. Neither uranium nor thorium was detected
in the rare earth concentrate. Further test work has shown that it is possible to remove both uranium and thorium from the spent
solution from the REE extraction plant. Production of the low cerium concentrate essentially completed Phase 2 of Stage 1 of our
development process, with the production of final purified elemental oxides being the only step remaining to complete Phase 2
of Stage 1.  

On
April 6, 2015, we announced the execution of a uranium offtake agreement with UG USA, a subsidiary of Areva. According to the
agreement, TMRC will supply up to 300,000 pounds of natural uranium concentrates (U308) per year based upon a pricing formula
indexed to U308 spot prices at the times of delivery. The Agreement is for a term of five years commencing in 2018 or as soon
thereafter, contingent upon development and production at its Round Top project. Other terms and conditions of the Agreement reflect
industry standards. According to Ux Consulting, a leading uranium industry data provider, the closing spot price of U308 on March
30, 2015 was $39.50 per pound.  

On
July 15, 2015, we entered into an operating agreement ( Operating Agreement ) with K-Tech, to formalize our joint
venture company, Reetech, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Reetech ), for the purposes of developing,
refining and marketing K-Tech s CIX/CIC process pursuant to the February 24, 2015 letter of intent with K-Tech. On October
18, 2015, we entered into an amendment agreement to the Operating Agreement, expanding the way in which we can earn percentage
membership interests in Reetech in exchange for granting K-Tech changes in the management of Reetech and TMRC s license
from Reetech to use K-Tech s CIX/CIC process for its properties. See  Item 2. Properties   Metal Recovery Methods 
for a more detailed description of the Reetech joint venture.  

On September 25,
2015, we announced that Reetech was awarded a Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) research contract by the United States Defense Logistics
Agency (DLA) Strategic Materials Division. The Defense Logistics Agency is the Department of Defense s largest logistics
combat support agency, providing worldwide logistics support in both peacetime and wartime to the military services as well as
several civilian agencies and foreign countries. The DLA Strategic Materials Division is charged with maintaining cognizance of
worldwide strategic and critical material s supply chain from the source to final assembly, evaluating the capability of
these supply chains to support national defense and essential civilian industries, and developing mitigation solutions when access
to materials are insufficient to provide support for national defense and emergency response.  

Reetech
will conduct research to demonstrate, at the bench scale level, the ability to separate and refine yttrium (Y) oxide to a minimum
of 99.999% purity, ytterbium (Yb) oxide to a minimum of 99.99% purity and a third rare earth oxide, which is not being publicly
disclosed, to a minimum 99.999% purity level, using continuous ion exchange (CIX) and continuous ion chromatography (CIC).  

Cautionary
Note to Investors:  The PEA and Revised PEA have been prepared in accordance with Canadian National Instrument 43-101  
Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects ( NI 43-101 ) and the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum
(the  CIM )    CIM Definition Standards on Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves , adopted by the CIM
Council, as amended.  The Company has voluntarily had the PEA and Revised PEA prepared in accordance with NI 43-101 but the
Company is not subject to regulation by Canadian regulatory authorities and no Canadian regulatory authority has reviewed the
PEA or Revised PEA or passed upon its accuracy or compliance with NI 43-101.  The terms  mineral reserve ,  proven
mineral reserve  and  probable mineral reserve  are Canadian mining terms as defined in accordance with NI 43-101.
These definitions differ from the definitions in SEC Industry Guide 7 under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the  Securities Act ). Under SEC Industry Guide 7 standards, a  final  or  bankable  feasibility
study is required to report reserves, the three-year historical average price is used in any reserve or cash flow analysis to
designate reserves and the primary environmental analysis or report must be filed with the appropriate governmental authority.
In addition, the terms  mineral resource ,  measured mineral resource ,  indicated mineral resource 
and  inferred mineral resource  are defined in NI 43-101; however, these terms are not defined terms under SEC Industry
Guide 7 and are normally not permitted to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Investors are cautioned
not to assume that any part or all of mineral deposits in these categories will ever be converted into reserves.  Inferred
mineral resources  have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic
and legal feasibility. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource will ever be upgraded to a higher
category. Under Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral resources may not form the basis of feasibility or pre-feasibility
studies, except in rare cases. Investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource exists
or is economically or legally mineable. Disclosure of  contained ounces  in a resource is permitted disclosure under
Canadian regulations; however, the SEC normally only permits issuers to report mineralization that does not constitute  reserves 
by SEC Industry Guide 7 standards as in place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. Accordingly, information in
the PEA and Revised PEA contains descriptions of our mineral deposits that may not be comparable to similar information made public
by United States companies subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements under the United States federal securities laws
and the rules and regulations thereunder. Our project as described in the PEA and Revised PEA currently does not contain any known
proven or probable ore reserves under SEC Industry Guide 7 reporting standards. U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the
disclosure in the Registrant s latest reports and registration statements filed with the SEC.  U.S. Investors are cautioned
not to assume that any defined resources in these categories will ever be converted into SEC Guide 7 compliant reserves.   

Current and
Planned Exploration Activities   

Stage 1    

Upon receipt of
adequate further financing, we plan to complete the development of the CIX/CIC processing of the Round Top primary leach solution.
The bench scale testing of this process, Stage 1, was divided into two phases. Phase 1, now completed, was to purify the primary
leach solution and produce a concentrated, low flow rate feedstock suitable for further processing by CIX/CIC. Development has
now progressed into Phase 2 which is to effect a separation of the rare earth elements into groups for final refinement. In work
completed to date, we have produced a concentrated solution from which we have removed the low value elements lanthanum and cerium.
The resulting solution containing the high value rare earth elements could be precipitated into a marketable concentrate if so
desired.  

Work now is in
progress to make the final purified elemental oxides, thereby completing Stage 1 bench scale testing. This work is being done
in conjunction with the contract from the Defense Logistics Agency to produce the highly purified yttrium, ytterbium and other
element products.  

Stage 2    

Stage 2 will consist
of the pilot plant scale testing of the process proven most effective by Stage 1, and will consist of the work required to bring
the processing plant into full feasibility with capital and operating costs estimated to an accuracy range of 10 -15%. Stage 2
will also develop the heap leach procedure to pre-feasibility level with capital and operating estimated to an accuracy of 25
- 35%. Environmental base line studies and initial co-ordination with the Texas regulatory agencies will be included in this stage.  

Stage 3    

Stage
3 will bring the Round Top Project to full feasibility level with all electrical power and water needs developed, final engineering
of heap leach systems, mine design and engineering, geotechnical drilling and construction planning, and permitting in place.
Additional drilling to bring all of the rock included in the 20 year pit to a measured or indicated resourced category.  

Trends  
Rare-Earth Market   

Rare
earth elements (or  REEs ) are a group of chemically similar elements that usually are found together in nature; they
are referred to as the  lanthanide series.  These individual elements have a variety of characteristics that are important
in a wide range of technologies, products, and applications and are critical inputs in existing and emerging applications including:
computer hard drives, cell phones, clean energy technologies, such as hybrid and electric vehicles and wind power turbines; multiple
high-tech uses, including fiber optics, lasers and hard disk drives; numerous defense applications, such as guidance and control
systems and global positioning systems; and advanced water treatment technology for use in industrial, military and outdoor recreation
applications. As a result, global demand for REE is projected to steadily increase due to continuing growth in existing applications
and increased innovation and development of new end uses. Interest in developing resources domestically has become a strategic
necessity as there is limited production of these elements outside of China. Our ability to raise additional funds in order to
complete our plan of exploration and, if warranted, development at the Round Top Project may be impacted by future prices for
REEs.  

Rare
earth prices are extremely depressed at this time. It is thought that the liquidation of excessive inventories in China is causing
these depressed prices. Chinese sources observe that most of the Chinese primary producers are not showing profit at this time.
However, demand for rare earth products continues to grow at a healthy rate. We believe that the present prices will likely prevail
for the next year at least until the surplus Chinese product is absorbed by the market.  

Pricing
for REEs has experienced significant volatility over the past several years, but current prices for all REEs remain significantly
higher than pre-2010 levels, although they have fallen from the peak levels seen in 2011. According to www.metal-pages.com ( Metal-Pages )
REE prices increased from mid-2010 to mid-2011 approximately 2,000 to 3,000 percent, depending on the element, and then REE prices
began decreasing through the end of 2011. REO prices of individual oxides increased considerably during the first two quarters
of 2011 but declined thereafter through to the end of the year. Beginning in the second quarter of 2012, REE prices have decreased
significantly for all REEs.  

Pricing
is affected by a number of factors, including the general health of the global economy, efforts to institute greater environmental
reforms in China, industry consolidation, stockpile build-ups in China and by consumers and governments, lack of certainty regarding
future REE production, development and continued use of REE technologies, potential oversupply, potential substitution of other
metals, and potential for recycling REEs.  

REE
supply markets continue to be dominated by China, which produced an estimated 86% of the global REE production in 2012. IMCOA
forecasts that global rare earth supply will increase to 180,000 mt in 2016, with China producing approximately 65% of that total.
In relation to global REE demand, based on the IMCOA Report, REE total demand is forecasted to increase from 115,000 tonnes in
2012 to 162,500 tonnes in 2016. It is forecasted that the demand for REE will increase at a rate of eight to 10 percent per year
for the next five to 10 years, but this is dependent on continued development and use of REEs in new technologies.  

We
plan on focusing primarily on so-called  heavy  rare earth elements (HREE). The supply market for HREEs is dominated
by the Chinese who control approximately 99% of the market. In addition to the pricing influences mentioned above applicable to
all REEs, pricing of HREEs in the future is expected to be highly influenced by China policies of HREE supply and China stockpile
buildups.  

Sources and
Availability of Raw Materials   

We
are currently in the exploration stage and as such we do not require any significant raw materials in order to carry out our primary
operating activities. Our primary operating objective is to explore and develop the Round Top Project. For at least the next year,
we expect to continue to require the use of contract drilling services in order to obtain additional geological information. In
the past year we have been able to secure contract drilling services without excessive delay and costs. We expect the contract
drilling services will continue to be available over the next year.  

The
raw materials that our current operations rely on are gasoline and diesel fuel for the exploration vehicles and for the heavy
equipment required to build roads and conduct drilling operations. Water is provided per service contract by Eagle Mountain Gang
which is used for the drilling operations.  

   Seasonality   

  Seasonality
in the State of Texas is not a material factor to our operations for our project.  

   Competition   

  The
mining industry is highly competitive. We compete with numerous companies, substantially all with greater financial resources
available to them. We therefore are operating at a significant disadvantage in the course of acquiring mining properties and obtaining
materials, supplies, labor, and equipment. Additionally, we are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business
of exploration and mineral property development. A large number of established and well-financed companies are active in the mining
industry and will have an advantage over us if they are competing for the same properties. Nearly all such entities have greater
financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than ourselves and, consequently, we will be at a competitive
disadvantage in identifying possible mining properties and procuring the same.  

  China
accounts for the vast majority of rare earth element production. While rare earth element projects exist outside of China, very
few are in actual production. Further, given the timeline for current exploration projects to come into production, if at all,
it is likely that the Chinese will be able to dominate the market for rare earth elements into the future. This gives the Chinese
a competitive advantage in controlling the supply of rare earth elements and engaging in competitive price reductions to discourage
competition. Any increase in the amount of rare earth elements exported from other nations, and increased competition, may result
in price reductions, reduced margins and loss of potential market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our profitability.
As a result of these factors, we may not be able to compete effectively against current and future competitors.  

   Government
Approvals   

  The
exploration, drilling and mining industries operate in a legal environment that requires permits to conduct virtually all operations.
Thus permits are required by local, state and federal government agencies. Local authorities, usually counties, also have control
over mining activity. The various permits address such issues as prospecting, development, production, labor standards, taxes,
occupational health and safety, toxic substances, air quality, water use, water discharge, water quality, noise, dust, wildlife
impacts, as well as other environmental and socioeconomic issues.  

  Prior
to receiving the necessary permits to explore or mine, the operator must comply with all regulatory requirements imposed by all
governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the project area. Very often, in order to obtain the requisite permits, the
operator must have its land reclamation, restoration or replacement plans pre-approved. Specifically, the operator must present
its plan as to how it intends to restore or replace the affected area. Often all or any of these requirements can cause delays
or involve costly studies or alterations of the proposed activity or time frame of operations, in order to mitigate impacts. All
of these factors make it more difficult and costly to operate and have a negative and sometimes fatal impact on the viability
of the exploration or mining operation. Finally, it is possible that future changes in these laws or regulations could have a
significant impact on our business, causing those activities to be economically reevaluated at that time.  

   Effect
of Existing or Probable Government and Environmental Regulations   

  Mineral
exploration, including mining operations are subject to governmental regulation. Our operations may be affected in varying degrees
by government regulation such as restrictions on production, price controls, tax increases, expropriation of property, environmental
and pollution controls or changes in conditions under which minerals may be marketed. An excess supply of certain minerals may
exist from time to time due to lack of markets, restrictions on exports, and numerous factors beyond our control. These factors
include market fluctuations and government regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, allowable production and importing
and exporting minerals. The effect of these factors cannot be accurately determined, and we are not aware of any probable government
regulations that would impact the Company. This section is intended as a brief overview of the laws and regulations described
herein and is not intended to be a comprehensive treatment of the subject matter.  

   Overview.
 Like all other mining companies doing business in the United States, we are subject to a variety of federal, state and local
statutes, rules and regulations designed to protect the quality of the air and water, and threatened or endangered species, in
the vicinity of its operations. These include  permitting  or pre-operating approval requirements designed to ensure
the environmental integrity of a proposed mining facility, operating requirements designed to mitigate the effects of discharges
into the environment during exploration, mining operations, and reclamation or post-operation requirements designed to remediate
the lands affected by a mining facility once commercial mining operations have ceased.  

Federal
legislation in the United States and implementing regulations adopted and administered by the Environmental Protection Agency,
the Forest Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Army Corps of Engineers and other agencies in
particular, legislation such as the federal Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Endangered
Species Act, the National Forest Management Act, the Wilderness Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act have a direct bearing on domestic mining operations. These federal initiatives are often administered
and enforced through state agencies operating under parallel state statutes and regulations.  

The
Clean Water Act.  The federal Clean Water Act is the principal federal environmental protection law regulating mining operations
in the United States as it pertains to water quality. 

  At
the state level, water quality is regulated by the Environment Department, Water and Waste Management Division under the Water
Quality Act (state). If our exploration or any future development activities might affect a ground water aquifer, it will have
to apply for a Ground Water Discharge Permit from the Ground Water Quality Bureau in compliance with the Groundwater Regulations.
If exploration affects surface water, then compliance with the Surface Water Regulations is required.  

   The
Clean Air Act . The federal Clean Air Act establishes ambient air quality standards, limits the discharges of new sources and
hazardous air pollutants and establishes a federal air quality permitting program for such discharges. Hazardous materials are
defined in the federal Clean Air Act and enabling regulations adopted under the federal Clean Air Act to include various metals.
The federal Clean Air Act also imposes limitations on the level of particulate matter generated from mining operations.  

   National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) . NEPA requires all governmental agencies to consider the impact on the human environment of
major federal actions as therein defined.  

   Endangered
Species Act (ESA) . The ESA requires federal agencies to ensure that any action authorized, funded or carried out by such agency
is not likely to jeopardize the continued existence of any endangered or threatened species or result in the destruction or adverse
modification of their critical habitat. In order to facilitate the conservation of imperiled species, the ESA establishes an interagency
consultation process. When a federal agency proposes an action that  may affect  a listed species, it must consult
with the USFWS and must prepare a  biological assessment  of the effects of a major construction activity if the USFWS
advises that a threatened species may be present in the area of the activity.  

   National
Forest Management Act . The National Forest Management Act, as implemented through title 36 of the Code of Federal Regulations,
provides a planning framework for lands and resource management of the National Forests. The planning framework seeks to manage
the National Forest System resources in a combination that best serves the public interest without impairment of the productivity
of the land, consistent with the Multiple Use Sustained Yield Act of 1960.  

   Wilderness
Act . The Wilderness Act of 1964 created a National Wilderness Preservation System composed of federally owned areas designated
by Congress as  wilderness areas  to be preserved for future use and enjoyment.  

   The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) . CERCLA imposes clean-up and reclamation responsibilities
with respect to discharges into the environment, and establishes significant criminal and civil penalties against those persons
who are primarily responsible for such discharges.  

   The
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) . RCRA was designed and implemented to regulate the disposal of solid and hazardous
wastes. It restricts solid waste disposal practices and the management, reuse or recovery of solid wastes and imposes substantial
additional requirements on the subcategory of solid wastes that are determined to be hazardous. Like the Clean Water Act, RCRA
provides for citizens  suits to enforce the provisions of the law.  

   National
Historic Preservation Act . The National Historic Preservation Act was designed and implemented to protect historic and cultural
properties. Compliance with the Act is necessary where federal properties or federal actions are undertaken, such as mineral exploration
on federal land, which may impact historic or traditional cultural properties, including native or Indian cultural sites.  

  In
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015, we incurred minimal costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations in relation
to our operating activities. Costs in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 will be substantially similar, but slightly lower
due to our anticipated decreased drilling activities at our Round Top Project.  

Employees   

  Including
our executive officers, we currently have three fulltime employees. Salaries for these three employees are in arrears and are
accrued monthly. We also utilize the services of qualified consultants with geological and mineralogical expertise as well as
individuals for accounting services.  

   Available
Information   

  We
make available, free of charge, on or through our Internet website, at www.TMRC.com our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Our Internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended
to be, and are not incorporated into this Annual Report.  
  Our
filings can also be viewed at our corporate offices, located at 539 El Paso Street, Sierra Blanca, Texas 79851. Our reports, registration
statements and other information can be inspected on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and such information can also be inspected
and copies ordered at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at the following location: Judiciary Plaza, 100 F
Street NE, Washington, D.C. 20549.  

   Executive
Officers of the Company   

  The following
table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of November 24, 2015.  

Name   
         
       Age   
         
       Position    
 
      Daniel
    E. Gorski  
         
      79  
         
      Chief
    Executive Officer and Director   
 
      Wm
    Chris Mathers  
         
      57  
         
      Chief
    Financial Officer   
 
      Laura
    Lynch  
         
      58  
         
      Vice
    President of External Affairs   

Daniel
E. Gorski    Mr. Gorski has severed as a director of the Company since January 2006 and as the Company s chief operating
officer since May 2011. Prior thereto, Mr. Gorski served as the Company s president and chief executive officer from January
2007 to May 2011. From July 2004 to January 2006, Mr. Gorski was the co-founder and vice president of operations for High Plains
Uranium Inc., a uranium exploration and development company that went public on the Toronto Stock Exchange in December 2005. Between
June 1996 to May 2004, Mr. Gorski served as an officer and director of Metalline Mining Co., a publicly traded mining and development
company with holdings in the Sierra Mojada Mining District, Coahuila, Mexico. From January 1992 to June 1996, Mr. Gorski was the
exploration geologist under contract to USMX Inc. and worked exclusively in Latin America. Mr. Gorski earned a BS in 1960 from
Sul Ross State College, in Alpine, Texas and an MA in 1970 from the University of Texas in Austin, Texas. Mr. Gorski has over
forty-three years of experience in the mining industry.  

Wm
Chris Mathers    Mr. Mathers was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer from 2010 through 2012
and again from February 2016 through the present. Mr. Mathers is also involved in providing contract chief financial officer
and consulting services to a wide variety of privately and publicly held companies. From 1993 through 1999, Mr. Mathers
served as CFO to InterSystems, Inc. (AMEX:II). Mr. Mathers began his career in public accounting with the international  accounting
firm of PriceWaterhouse. Mr. Mathers holds a BBA in accounting from Southwestern University located in Georgetown, Texas, and
is also a certified public accountant. 

Laura
Lynch    Ms. Lynch is a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin. Ms. Lynch is currently a Partner at the CL Ranch,
a ranching/farming/mining operation in Hudspeth County. CL ranch is active in the mining and distribution of gypsum. Ms. Lynch
has deep ties to the El Paso, Ft. Worth and Austin business communities and currently works as a consultant to the Registrant
pursuant to a consulting agreement in which Ms. Lynch assists the Registrant in community relations and land acquisition.  

ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS   

The
following sets forth certain risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and/or results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock which may decline and investors may lose all or part of
their investment. These risk factors should be considered along with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K because these factors could cause our actual results or financial condition to differ materially from those projected
in forward-looking statements. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we currently deem immaterial
also may impair our business operations. We cannot assure you that we will successfully address these risks or that other unknown
risks exist that may affect our business.  

Risk
Related to Our Business   

Our
ability to operate as a going concern is in doubt.    

The
audit opinion and notes that accompany our financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2016, disclose a going concern qualification
to our ability to continue in business. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that we
will continue as a going concern. We are an exploration stage company and we have incurred losses since our inception. We do not
have any working capital to fund normal operations and meet debt obligations without deferring payment on certain current liabilities
and raising additional funds.  

We
currently have no historical recurring source of revenue and our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability
to raise capital to fund our future exploration and working capital requirements or our ability to profitably execute our business
plan. Our plans for the long-term return to and continuation as a going concern include financing our future operations through
sales of our common stock and/or debt and the eventual profitable exploitation of our mining properties. Additionally, the current
capital markets and general economic conditions in the United States are significant obstacles to raising the required funds.
These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. If the going concern basis were not appropriate for these financial statements, adjustments would be necessary in the
carrying value of assets and liabilities, the reported expenses and the balance sheet classifications used.  

We
have a history of losses and will require additional financing to fund exploration and, if warranted, development and production
of our properties. Failure to obtain additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operation and could cast uncertainty on our ability to continue as a going concern.    

We
had no revenues during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, our net loss was approximately
$1,214,000 and our accumulated deficit at August 31, 2016 was approximately $32,497,000. At August 31, 2016, our cash position
was approximately $5,000 and our working capital deficit was approximately $856,000. We have not commenced commercial production
on any of our mineral properties. We have no revenues from operations and anticipate we will have no operating revenues until
we place one or more of our properties into production. All of our properties are in the exploration stage.  

We
will need to raise additional funding to implement our business strategy. We currently do not have any working capital.  

During
the current fiscal year ending August 31, 2017, we plan to complete the first part of Stage 2 of our metallurgical activities
as discussed in the section heading  ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  of this Annual Report. Our initial budget for Stage 1 of
activity was approximately $508,000. To date we have spent approximately $134,000 completing Stage 1. Stage 2 is subdivided into
two parts, the first, referred to as milestone 1, is the bench scale separation of selected high purity rare earth carbonate.
The second part, or milestone 2, is the construction and operation of a pilot plant. Milestone 1 of Stage 2 is in progress and
is expected to be completed by the end of calendar year 2015. TMRC has spent approximately $360,000 on this phase and this expense
is to be augmented by an additional $140,000 supplied by the Defense Logistics Agency of the Department of Defense. Projected
costs of the second part of Stage 2, milestone 2, is approximately $1,120,000. The final part of Stage 2, milestone 3, is the
preparation of a bankable feasibility study of the process and is expected to cost approximately $500,000. We anticipate that
our financing efforts will raise sufficient capital to finish Stage 2 but there is no guarantee that we will be able to raise
the working capital necessary to complete Stage 1 or begin Stage 2 activities. After completion of Stage 2, we will use any remaining
available capital to begin work on other phases of project feasibility work.  

We
currently do not have any funds to complete exploration and development work on any of our properties, which means that we will
be required to raise additional capital, enter into joint venture relationships or find alternative means to finance placing one
or more of our properties into commercial production, if warranted. Failure to obtain sufficient financing may result in the delay
or indefinite postponement of exploration and development or production on one or more of our properties and any properties we
may acquire in the future or even a loss of property interests. This includes our leases over claims covering the principal deposits
on our properties, which may expire unless we expend minimum levels of expenditures over the terms of such leases. We cannot be
certain that additional capital or other types of financing will be available if needed or that, if available, the terms of such
financing will be favorable or acceptable to us. Our ability to arrange additional financing in the future will depend, in part,
on the prevailing capital market conditions as well as our business performance.  

The
most likely source of future financing presently available to us is through the sale of our securities. Any sale of our shares
of common stock will result in dilution of equity ownership to existing stockholders. This means that if we sell shares of common
stock, more shares will be outstanding and each existing stockholder will own a smaller percentage of the shares then outstanding.
Alternatively, we may rely on debt financing and assume debt obligations that require us to make substantial interest and capital
payments. Also, we may issue or grant warrants or options in the future pursuant to which additional shares of common stock may
be issued. Exercise of such warrants or options will result in dilution of equity ownership to our existing stockholders.  

We
have a limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of our business and properties.    

Any
investment in the Company should be considered a high-risk investment because investors will be placing funds at risk in an early
stage business with unforeseen costs, expenses, competition, a history of operating losses and other problems to which start-up
ventures are often subject. Investors should not invest in the Company unless they can afford to lose their entire investment.
Your investment must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, and difficulties encountered in establishing a new business
in a highly competitive and mature industry. Our operating history has been restricted to the acquisition and sampling of our
Round Top Project and this does not provide a meaningful basis for an evaluation of our Round Top Project. Other than through
conventional and typical exploration methods and procedures, we have no additional way to evaluate the likelihood of whether our
Round Top Project or our other mineral properties contain commercial quantities of mineral reserves or, if they do, that they
will be operated successfully. We anticipate that we will continue to incur operating costs without realizing any revenues during
the period when we are exploring our properties.  

All
of our properties are in the exploration stage. There is no assurance that we can establish the existence of any mineral reserve
on any of our properties in commercially exploitable quantities. Until we can do so, we cannot earn any revenues from these properties,
and our business could fail.    

We
have not established that any of our properties contain any mineral reserve, nor can there be any assurance that we will be able
to do so. The probability of an individual prospect ever having a mineral reserve that meets the requirements of the SEC is extremely
remote. Even if we do eventually discover a mineral reserve on one or more of our properties, there can be no assurance that they
can be developed into producing mines and extract those minerals. Both mineral exploration and development involve a high degree
of risk and few properties, which are explored, are ultimately developed into producing mines.  

The
commercial viability of an established mineral deposit will depend on a number of factors including, by way of example, the size,
grade and other attributes of the mineral deposit, the proximity of the deposit to infrastructure such as a smelter, roads and
a point for shipping, government regulation and market prices. Most of these factors will be beyond our control, and any of them
could increase costs and make extraction of any identified mineral deposit unprofitable.  

Even
if commercial viability of a mineral deposit is established, it may take several years in the initial phases of drilling until
production is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. Substantial expenditures are required
to establish proven and probable reserves through drilling and bulk sampling, to determine the optimal metallurgical process to
extract the metals from the ore and, in the case of new properties, to construct mining and processing facilities. Because of
these uncertainties, no assurance can be given that our exploration programs will result in the establishment or expansion of
a mineral deposit or reserves.  

We
have no history of producing metals from our mineral properties.    

We
have no history of producing metals from any of our properties. Our properties are all exploration stage properties in various
stages of exploration and evaluation. Our Round Top Project is an early exploration stage project. Advancing properties from exploration
into the development stage requires significant capital and time, and successful commercial production from a property, if any,
will be subject to completing feasibility studies, permitting and construction of the mine, processing plants, roads, and other
related works and infrastructure. As a result, we are subject to all of the risks associated with developing and establishing
new mining operations and business enterprises including:  

completion
                                         of feasibility studies to verify reserves and commercial viability, including the ability
                                         to find sufficient REE or gold reserves to support a commercial mining operation;    

the
                                         timing and cost, which can be considerable, of further exploration, preparing feasibility
                                         studies, permitting and construction of infrastructure, mining and processing facilities;    

the
                                         availability and costs of drill equipment, exploration personnel, skilled labor and mining
                                         and processing equipment, if required;    

the
                                         availability and cost of appropriate smelting and/or refining arrangements, if required,
                                         and securing a commercially viable sales outlet for our products;    

compliance
                                         with environmental and other governmental approval and permit requirements;    

the
                                         availability of funds to finance exploration, development and construction activities,
                                         as warranted;    

potential
                                         opposition from non-governmental organizations, environmental groups, local groups or
                                         local inhabitants which may delay or prevent development activities;    

potential
                                         increases in exploration, construction and operating costs due to changes in the cost
                                         of fuel, power, materials and supplies; and    

potential
                                         shortages of mineral processing, construction and other facilities related supplies.    

The costs, timing
and complexities of exploration, development and construction activities may be increased by the location of our properties and
demand by other mineral exploration and mining companies. It is common in exploration programs to experience unexpected problems
and delays during drill programs and, if warranted, development, construction and mine start-up. Accordingly, our activities may
not result in profitable mining operations and we may not succeed in establishing mining operations or profitably producing metals
at any of our properties.  

If
we establish the existence of a mineral reserve on any of our properties in a commercially exploitable quantity, we will require
additional capital in order to develop the property into a producing mine. If we cannot raise this additional capital, we will
not be able to exploit the reserve, and our business could fail.    

If
we do discover mineral reserves in commercially exploitable quantities on any of our properties, we will be required to expend
substantial sums of money to establish the extent of the reserve, develop processes to extract it and develop extraction and processing
facilities and infrastructure. We do not have adequate capital to develop necessary facilities and infrastructure and will need
to raise additional funds. Although we may derive substantial benefits from the discovery of a major mineral deposit, there can
be no assurance that such a deposit will be large enough to justify commercial operations, nor can there be any assurance that
we will be able to raise the funds required for development on a timely basis. If we cannot raise the necessary capital or complete
the necessary facilities and infrastructure, our business may fail.  

Our
exploration activities may not be commercially successful.    

Our
long-term success depends on our ability to identify mineral deposits on our existing properties and other properties we may acquire,
if any, that we can then develop into commercially viable mining operations. Our belief that our properties contain commercially
exploitable minerals has been based solely on preliminary tests that we have conducted and data provided by third parties, including
the data published in various third party reports, including but not limited to the GSA, Geological Society of America, Special
Paper 246, 1990. There can be no assurance that the tests and data upon which we have relied is correct or accurate. Moreover,
mineral exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and is frequently non-productive. Unusual or unexpected
geologic formations and the inability to obtain suitable or adequate machinery, equipment or labor are risks involved in the conduct
of exploration programs. The success of mineral exploration and development is determined in part by the following factors:  

the
                                         identification of potential mineralization based on analysis;    

the
                                         availability of exploration permits;    

the
                                         quality of our management and our geological and technical expertise; and    

the
                                         capital available for exploration.    

Substantial
expenditures and time are required to establish existing proven and probable reserves through drilling and analysis, to develop
metallurgical processes to extract metal, and to develop the mining and processing facilities and infrastructure at any site chosen
for mining. Whether a mineral deposit will be commercially viable depends on a number of factors, which include, without limitation,
the particular attributes of the deposit, such as size, grade and proximity to infrastructure; metal prices, which fluctuate widely;
and government regulations, including, without limitation, regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land
use, allowable production, importing and exporting of minerals and environmental protection. Any one or a combination of these
factors may result in us not receiving an adequate return on our investment capital. The decision to abandon a project may have
an adverse effect on the market value of our securities and our ability to raise future financing.  

Increased
costs could affect our financial condition.    

We
anticipate that costs at our projects that we may explore or develop, will frequently be subject to variation from one year to
the next due to a number of factors, such as changing ore grade, metallurgy and revisions to mine plans, if any, in response to
the physical shape and location of the ore body. In addition, costs are affected by the price of commodities such as fuel, rubber,
and electricity. Such commodities are at times subject to volatile price movements, including increases that could make production
at certain operations less profitable. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have a significant effect
on our profitability.  

A
shortage of equipment and supplies could adversely affect our ability to operate our business.    

We
are dependent on various supplies and equipment to carry out our mining exploration and, if warranted, development operations.
The shortage of such supplies, equipment and parts could have a material adverse effect on our ability to carry out our operations
and therefore limit or increase the cost of production.  

Mining
and mineral exploration is inherently dangerous and subject to conditions or events beyond our control, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business and plans.    

Mining
and mineral exploration involves various types of risks and hazards, including:  

environmental
                                         hazards;    

power
                                         outages;    

metallurgical
                                         and other processing problems;    

unusual
                                         or unexpected geological formations;    

personal
                                         injury, flooding, fire, explosions, cave-ins, landslides and rock-bursts;    

inability
                                         to obtain suitable or adequate machinery, equipment, or labor;    

metals
                                         losses;    

fluctuations
                                         in exploration, development and production costs;    

labor
                                         disputes;    

unanticipated
                                         variations in grade;    

mechanical
                                         equipment failure; and    

periodic
                                         interruptions due to inclement or hazardous weather conditions.    

These
risks could result in damage to, or destruction of, mineral properties, production facilities or other properties, personal injury,
environmental damage, delays in mining, increased production costs, monetary losses and possible legal liability. We may not be
able to obtain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible premiums. Insurance against certain environmental risks,
including potential liability for pollution or other hazards as a result of the disposal of waste products occurring from production,
may be prohibitively expensive. We may suffer a material adverse effect on our business if we incur losses related to any significant
events that are not covered by our insurance policies.  

The
figures for our mineralization are estimates based on interpretation and assumptions and may yield less mineral production under
actual conditions than is currently estimated.    

Unless
otherwise indicated, mineralization figures presented in this prospectus and in our filings with securities regulatory authorities,
press releases and other public statements that may be made from time to time are based upon estimates made by independent geologists
and our internal geologists.  When making determinations about whether to advance any of our projects to development, we
must rely upon such estimated calculations as to the mineral reserves and grades of mineralization on our properties.  Until
ore is actually mined and processed, mineral reserves and grades of mineralization must be considered as estimates only.  

Estimates
can be imprecise and depend upon geological interpretation and statistical inferences drawn from drilling and sampling analysis,
which may prove to be unreliable. We cannot assure you that:  

these
                                         interpretations and inferences will be accurate;    

mineralization
                                         estimates will be accurate; or    

this
                                         mineralization can be mined or processed profitably.    

Any
material changes in mineralization estimates and grades of mineralization will affect the economic viability of placing a property
into production and a property s return on capital.    

Because
we have not completed feasibility studies on any of our properties and have not commenced actual production, mineralization estimates
for our properties may require adjustments or downward revisions. In addition, the grade of ore ultimately mined, if any, may
differ from that indicated by our feasibility studies and drill results. Minerals recovered in small scale tests may not be duplicated
in large scale tests under on-site conditions or in production scale.  

The
mineralization estimates contained in this Annual Report have been determined and valued based on assumed future prices, cut-off
grades and operating costs that may prove to be inaccurate. Extended declines in market prices for rare earth minerals may render
portions of our mineralization estimates uneconomic and result in reduced reported mineralization or adversely affect the commercial
viability determinations we reach. Any material reductions in estimates of mineralization, or of our ability to extract this mineralization,
could have a material adverse effect on our share price and the value of our properties.  

Analytical
Uncertainties    

All
resource and grade estimates are based of state of the art analytical methods. However, any procedure for analyzing for small
amounts of metals in a chemically complex matrix may be subject to error and other uncertainties.  

Our
operations contain significant uninsured risks which could negatively impact future profitability as we maintain no insurance
against our operations.    

Our
exploration of our mineral properties contains certain risks, including unexpected or unusual operating conditions including rock
bursts, cave-ins, flooding, fire and earthquakes.  It is not always possible to insure against these risks. Should events
such as these arise, they could reduce or eliminate our assets and shareholder equity as well as result in increased costs and
a decline in the value of our securities.  We expect to maintain only general liability and director and officer insurance
but no insurance against our properties or operations.  We may decide to take out this insurance in the future if it
is available at economically viable rates.  

Mineral
operations are subject to market forces outside of our control which could negatively impact our operations .   

The
marketability of minerals is affected by numerous factors beyond our control including market fluctuations, government regulations
relating to prices, taxes, royalties, allowable production, imports, exports and supply and demand.  One or more of
these risk elements could have an impact on the costs of our operations and if significant enough, reduce the profitability of
our operations.  

We
may be adversely affected by fluctuations in demand for, and prices of, rare earth products.    

We
expect to derive revenues, if any, from sale of rare earth and related minerals.  Changes in demand for, and the market
price of, these minerals could significantly affect our profitability. The value and price of our common stock and our financial
results may be significantly adversely affected by declines in the prices of rare earth minerals and products. Rare earth minerals
and product prices may fluctuate and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control such as interest rates, exchange rates,
inflation or deflation, fluctuation in the relative value of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies on the world market,
global and regional supply and demand for rare earth minerals and products, and the political and economic conditions of countries
that produce rare earth minerals and products.  

A
prolonged or significant economic contraction in the United States or worldwide could put further downward pressure on market
prices of rare earth minerals and products. Protracted periods of low prices for rare earth minerals and products could significantly
reduce revenues and the availability of required development funds in the future. This could cause substantial reductions to,
or a suspension of, REO production operations, impair asset values and if reserves are established on our prospects, reduce our
proven and probable rare earth ore reserves.  

In
contrast, extended periods of high commodity prices may create economic dislocations that may be destabilizing to rare earth minerals
supply and demand and ultimately to the broader markets. Periods of high rare earth mineral market prices generally are beneficial
to our financial performance. However, strong rare earth mineral prices also create economic pressure to identify or create alternate
technologies that ultimately could depress future long-term demand for rare earth minerals and products, and at the same time
may incentivize development of otherwise marginal mining properties.  

Conditions
in the rare earth industry have been, and may continue to be, extremely volatile, which could have a material impact on our company.    

Conditions
in our industry have been extremely volatile.  Prices and supply and demand for REEs, have been impacted by numerous
factors, including changes in economic conditions and demand for REEs and changes, or perceived changes, in Chinese quotas for
export of REEs. According to www.metal-pages.com ( Metal-Pages ) REE prices increased from mid-2010 to mid-2011 approximately
2,000 to 3,000 percent, depending on the element, and then REE prices began decreasing through the end of 2011. REO prices of
individual oxides increased considerably during the first two quarters of 2011 but declined thereafter through to the end of the
year.  Beginning in the second quarter of 2012, REE prices have decreased significantly for all REEs and remain volatile.
If conditions in our industry remain volatile, our share price may continue to exhibit volatility as well. In particular, if prices
or demand for REEs were to decline, our share price would likely decline.  

Permitting,
licensing and approval processes are required for our operations and obtaining and maintaining these permits and licenses is subject
to conditions which we may be unable to achieve.    

Both
mineral exploration and extraction require permits from various federal, state, provincial and local governmental authorities
and are governed by laws and regulations, including those with respect to prospecting, mine development, mineral production, transport,
export, taxation, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances, land use, environmental protection,
mine safety and other matters. Permits known to be required are (i) an operating plan for the conduct of exploration and development
approved by the Texas General Land Office, (ii) an operating plan for production approved by the Texas General Land Office, (iii)
various reporting to and approval by the Texas Railroad Commission regarding drilling and plugging of drill holes, and (v) reporting
to and compliance with regulations of the Texas Commission of Environmental Quality.  If we recover uranium from our
mineral prospects, we will be required to obtain a source material license from the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission.  We
may also be subject to the reporting requirements and regulations of the Texas Department of Health.  

Such
licenses and permits are subject to changes in regulations and changes in various operating circumstances.  Companies
such as ours that engage in exploration activities often experience increased costs and delays in production and other schedules
as a result of the need to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits. Issuance of permits for our activities is subject
to the discretion of government authorities, and we may be unable to obtain or maintain such permits.  Permits required
for future exploration or development may not be obtainable on reasonable terms or on a timely basis.  There can be
no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any of the permits required for the continued exploration or development
of our mineral properties or for the construction and operation of a mine on our properties at economically viable costs. If we
cannot accomplish these objectives, our business could face difficulty and/or fail.  

We
are subject to significant governmental regulations, which affect our operations and costs of conducting our business.    

Our
current and future operations are and will be governed by laws and regulations, including:  

laws
                                         and regulations governing mineral concession acquisition, prospecting, development, mining
                                         and production;    

laws
                                         and regulations related to exports, taxes and fees;    

labor
                                         standards and regulations related to occupational health and mine safety;    

environmental
                                         standards and regulations related to waste disposal, toxic substances, land use and environmental
                                         protection; and    

other
                                         matters.    

Companies
engaged in exploration activities often experience increased costs and delays in production and other schedules as a result of
the need to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits
may result in enforcement actions, including the forfeiture of claims, orders issued by regulatory or judicial authorities requiring
operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional
equipment or costly remedial actions. We may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of our mineral
exploration activities and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of such laws, regulations and
permits.  

Existing
and possible future laws, regulations and permits governing operations and activities of exploration companies, or more stringent
implementation, could have a material adverse impact on our business and cause increases in capital expenditures or require abandonment
or delays in exploration.  

Legislation
has been proposed that would significantly affect the mining industry.    

Members
of the U.S. Congress have repeatedly introduced bills which would supplant or alter the provisions of the Mining Law of 1872.
If enacted, such legislation could change the cost of holding unpatented mining claims and could significantly impact our ability
to develop mineralized material on unpatented mining claims. Such bills have proposed, among other things, to either eliminate
or greatly limit the right to a mineral patent and to impose a federal royalty on production from unpatented mining claims. Although
we cannot predict what legislated royalties might be, the enactment of these proposed bills could adversely affect the potential
for development of unpatented mining claims and the economics of existing operating mines on federal unpatented mining claims.
Passage of such legislation could adversely affect our financial performance.  

Regulations
and pending legislation governing issues involving climate change could result in increased operating costs, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business.    

A
number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to various climate
change interest groups and the potential impact of climate change. Legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change
could impose significant costs on us, our venture partners and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements,
capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs to comply with such regulations. Any adopted future
climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to
such limitations. Given the emotion, political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should
be dealt with, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition, operating performance and
ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace
about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. The potential physical
impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas
in which we operate. These may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels
and changing temperatures. These impacts may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of our operations.  

Our
exploration and development activities are subject to environmental risks, which could expose us to significant liability and
delay, suspension or termination of our operations.    

The
exploration, possible future development and production phases of our business will be subject to federal, state and local environmental
regulation. These regulations mandate, among other things, the maintenance of air and water quality standards and land reclamation.
They also set out limitations on the generation, transportation, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. Environmental
legislation is evolving in a manner which will require stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance,
more stringent environmental assessments, and a heightened degree of responsibility for companies and their officers, directors
and employees. Future changes in environmental regulations, if any, may adversely affect our operations. If we fail to comply
with any of the applicable environmental laws, regulations or permit requirements, we could face regulatory or judicial sanctions.
Penalties imposed by either the courts or administrative bodies could delay or stop our operations or require a considerable capital
expenditure. Although we intend to comply with all environmental laws and permitting obligations in conducting our business, there
is a possibility that those opposed to exploration and mining will attempt to interfere with our operations, whether by legal
process, regulatory process or otherwise.  

Environmental
hazards unknown to us, which have been caused by previous or existing owners or operators of the properties, may exist on the
properties in which we hold an interest.  It is possible that our properties could be located on or near the site of a Federal
Superfund cleanup project. Although we will endeavor to avoid such sites, it is possible that environmental cleanup or other environmental
restoration procedures could remain to be completed or mandated by law, causing unpredictable and unexpected liabilities to arise.  

U.S.
Federal Laws   

The
Comprehensive Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), and comparable state statutes, impose strict,
joint and several liability on current and former owners and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for
the disposal of hazardous substances found at such sites. It is not uncommon for the government to file claims requiring cleanup
actions, demands for reimbursement for government-incurred cleanup costs, or natural resource damages, or for neighboring landowners
and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances released
into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), and comparable state statutes, govern the disposal
of solid waste and hazardous waste and authorize the imposition of substantial fines and penalties for noncompliance, as well
as requirements for corrective actions. CERCLA, RCRA and comparable state statutes can impose liability for clean-up of sites
and disposal of substances found on exploration, mining and processing sites long after activities on such sites have been completed.  

The
Clean Air Act, as amended, restricts the emission of air pollutants from many sources, including mining and processing activities.
Our mining operations may produce air emissions, including fugitive dust and other air pollutants from stationary equipment, storage
facilities and the use of mobile sources such as trucks and heavy construction equipment, which are subject to review, monitoring
and/or control requirements under the Clean Air Act and state air quality laws. New facilities may be required to obtain permits
before work can begin, and existing facilities may be required to incur capital costs in order to remain in compliance. In addition,
permitting rules may impose limitations on our production levels or result in additional capital expenditures in order to comply
with the rules.  

The
National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) requires federal agencies to integrate environmental considerations into their decision-making
processes by evaluating the environmental impacts of their proposed actions, including issuance of permits to mining facilities,
and assessing alternatives to those actions. If a proposed action could significantly affect the environment, the agency must
prepare a detailed statement known as an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS). The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, other
federal agencies, and any interested third parties will review and comment on the scoping of the EIS and the adequacy of and findings
set forth in the draft and final EIS. This process can cause delays in issuance of required permits or result in changes to a
project to mitigate its potential environmental impacts, which can in turn impact the economic feasibility of a proposed project.  

The
Clean Water Act (CWA), and comparable state statutes, imposes restrictions and controls on the discharge of pollutants into waters
of the United States. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of
a permit issued by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or an analogous state agency. The CWA regulates storm water mining
facilities and requires a storm water discharge permit for certain activities. Such a permit requires the regulated facility to
monitor and sample storm water run-off from its operations. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit discharges
of dredged and fill material in wetlands and other waters of the United States unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit.
The CWA and comparable state statutes provide for civil, criminal and administrative penalties for unauthorized discharges of
pollutants and impose liability on parties responsible for those discharges for the costs of cleaning up any environmental damage
caused by the release and for natural resource damages resulting from the release.  

The
Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA) and the Underground Injection Control (UIC) program promulgated thereunder, regulate the drilling
and operation of subsurface injection wells. EPA directly administers the UIC program in some states and in others the responsibility
for the program has been delegated to the state. The program requires that a permit be obtained before drilling a disposal or
injection well. Violation of these regulations and/or contamination of groundwater by mining related activities may result in
fines, penalties, and remediation costs, among other sanctions and liabilities under the SWDA and state laws. In addition, third
party claims may be filed by landowners and other parties claiming damages for alternative water supplies, property damages, and
bodily injury.  

We
could be subject to environmental lawsuits.    

Neighboring
landowners and other third parties could file claims based on environmental statutes and common law for personal injury and property
damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances or other waste material into the environment on or around our properties. 
There can be no assurance that our defense of such claims will be successful.  A successful claim against us could have an
adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operation.  

Land
reclamation requirements for our properties may be burdensome and expensive.    

Although
variable depending on location and the governing authority, land reclamation requirements are generally imposed on mineral exploration
companies (as well as companies with mining operations) in order to minimize long term effects of land disturbance.  

Reclamation
may include requirements to:  

control
                                         dispersion of potentially deleterious effluents;    

treat
                                         ground and surface water to drinking water standards; and    

reasonably
                                         re-establish pre-disturbance land forms and vegetation.    

In
order to carry out reclamation obligations imposed on us in connection with our potential development activities, we must allocate
financial resources that might otherwise be spent on further exploration and development programs. We plan to set up a provision
for our reclamation obligations on our properties, as appropriate, but this provision may not be adequate. If we are required
to carry out unanticipated reclamation work, our financial position could be adversely affected.     In accordance
with our GLO lease/prospecting permits all the areas impacted by the surface operations shall be reclaimed upon completion of
the activity such that: (a) Remove all trash, debris, plastic and contaminated soil by off-site disposal; and (b) Upon completion
of surface grading, the soil surface shall be left in a roughened condition to negate wind and enhance water infiltration.  

Rare
earth and beryllium mining presents potential health risks.  Payment of any liabilities that arise from these health
risks may adversely impact our Company.    

Complying
with health and safety standards will require additional expenditure on testing and the installation of safety equipment. Moreover,
inhalation of certain minerals, such as beryllium can result in specific potential health risks ranging from acute pneumonitis,
tracheobronchitis, and chronic beryllium disease to an increased risk of cancer.  Symptoms of these diseases may take
years to manifest.  Failure to comply with health and safety standards could result in statutory penalties and civil
liability.  We do not currently maintain any insurance coverage against these health risks. The payment of any liabilities
that arise from any such occurrences would have a material, adverse impact on our Company.  

There
may be challenges to the title of our mineral properties.    

We
will acquire most of its properties by unpatented claims or by lease from those owning the property.  The lease of our
Round Top property was issued by the State of Texas.  The validity of title to many types of natural resource property
depends upon numerous circumstances and factual matters (many of which are not discoverable of record or by other readily available
means) and is subject to many uncertainties of existing law and its application.  We cannot assure you that the validity
of our titles to our properties will be upheld or that third parties will not otherwise invalidate those rights. In the event
the validity of our titles are not upheld, such an event would have a material adverse effect on us.  

We
are developing our metallurgical processes through a joint venture with K-Technologies, Inc, which is subject to the risks normally
associated with the conduct of joint ventures.    

Our
metallurgical processing efforts are currently focused on CIX/CIC processing through a joint venture with K-Technologies, Inc.
and is subject to the risks normally associated with the conduct of joint ventures. Such risks include: inability to exert control
over strategic decisions made in respect of the development and use of the processes; disagreement with partners on how to develop
and operate the processes efficiently; inability of partners to meet their obligations to the joint venture or third parties;
and litigation between partners regarding joint venture matters. Any failure of such other companies to meet their obligations
to us, the joint venture or to third parties, or any disputes with respect to the parties  respective rights and obligations,
could have a material adverse effect on the joint venture or the development and use of the processes, which could have a material
adverse effect on our  results of operations and financial condition.  

Increased
competition could adversely affect our ability to attract necessary capital funding or acquire suitable producing properties or
prospects for mineral exploration in the future.    

The
mining industry is intensely competitive. Significant competition exists for the acquisition of properties producing or capable
of producing, REE, gold or other metals. We may be at a competitive disadvantage in acquiring additional mining properties because
we must compete with other individuals and companies, many of which have greater financial resources, operational experience and
technical capabilities than us. We may also encounter increasing competition from other mining companies in our efforts to hire
experienced mining professionals. Competition for exploration resources at all levels is currently very intense, particularly
affecting the availability of manpower, drill rigs, mining equipment and production equipment. Increased competition could adversely
affect our ability to attract necessary capital funding or acquire suitable producing properties or prospects for mineral exploration
in the future.  

We
compete with larger, better capitalized competitors in the mining industry.    

The
mining industry is competitive in all of its phases, including financing, technical resources, personnel and property acquisition.
We will require significant capital, technical resources, personnel and operational experience to effectively compete in the mining
industry. Because of the high costs associated with exploration, the expertise required to analyze a project s potential and the
capital required to develop a mine, larger companies with significant resources may have a competitive advantage over us. We face
strong competition from other mining companies, some with greater financial resources, operational experience and technical capabilities
than us. As a result of this competition, we may be unable to maintain or acquire financing, personnel, technical resources or
attractive mining properties on terms we consider acceptable or at all.  

Current
economic conditions and capital markets are in a period of disruption and instability which could adversely affect our ability
to access the capital markets, and thus adversely affect our business and liquidity.    

The
current economic conditions and financial crisis have had, and will continue to have, a negative impact on our ability to access
the capital markets, and thus have a negative impact on our business and liquidity. The shortage of liquidity and credit combined
with substantial losses in worldwide equity markets could lead to an extended worldwide recession. We may face significant challenges
if conditions in the capital markets do not improve. Our ability to access the capital markets has been and continues to be severely
restricted at a time when we need to access such markets, which could have a negative impact on our business plans. Even if we
are able to raise capital, it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable to us. We cannot predict the occurrence of
future financial disruptions or how long the current market conditions may continue.  

Our
resources may not be sufficient to manage our expected growth; failure to properly manage our potential growth would be detrimental
to our business .   

We
may fail to adequately manage our anticipated future growth. Any growth in our operations will place a significant strain on our
administrative, financial and operational resources, and increase demands on our management and on our operational and administrative
systems, controls and other resources. We cannot assure you that our existing personnel, systems, procedures or controls will
be adequate to support our operations in the future or that we will be able to successfully implement appropriate measures consistent
with our growth strategy. As part of this growth, we may have to implement new operational and financial systems, procedures and
controls to expand, train and manage our employee base, and maintain close coordination among our staff. We cannot guarantee that
we will be able to do so, or that if we are able to do so, we will be able to effectively integrate them into our existing staff
and systems.  

If
we are unable to manage growth effectively, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. As with all expanding businesses, the potential exists that growth will occur rapidly. If we are unable to effectively
manage this growth, our business and operating results could suffer. Anticipated growth in future operations may place a significant
strain on management systems and resources. In addition, the integration of new personnel will continue to result in some disruption
to ongoing operations. The ability to effectively manage growth in a rapidly evolving market requires effective planning and management
processes. We will need to continue to improve operational, financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures,
and will need to continue to expand, train and manage our work force.  

We
may experience difficulty attracting and retaining qualified management to meet the needs of our anticipated growth, and the failure
to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.    

Competition
for additional qualified management is intense, and we may be unable to attract and retain additional key personnel, or to attract
and retain personnel on terms acceptable to us.  Management personnel are currently limited and they may be unable to
manage our expansion successfully and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition.  We have not entered into non-competition agreements.  As our business is substantially
dependent upon the directors, executive officers and consultants, the lack of non-competition agreements poses a significant risk
to us in the event such persons were to resign or be terminated from such positions.  Under such circumstances, such
persons may provide confidential information and key contacts to our competitors and we may have difficulties in preventing the
disclosure of such information.  Such disclosure would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.  

Our
operations are dependent upon key personnel, the loss of which would be detrimental to our business.    

The
nature of our business, including our ability to continue our exploration and development activities, depends, in large part,
on the efforts of key personnel such as Daniel Gorski, our Chief Executive Officer.  The loss of Mr. Gorski could have
a material adverse effect on our business.  We do not maintain  key man  life insurance policies on any
of our officers or employees.  

There
are risks and uncertainties regarding the outcome of the matters which we self-reported to the SEC on June 8, 2012.    

On
June 12, 2012, we announced that since March of 2012, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee (the  Committee )
of our Board, which is composed entirely of independent directors, with the assistance of independent special counsel to the Committee,
has been conducting an internal review and investigation of certain matters of corporate governance and compliance with federal
securities laws (the  Internal Review ). As a result of the recent report of the independent counsel on such counsel s
findings of the Internal Review and a further review of the recommendations of independent counsel by the Committee and our Board,
at the direction of the Board, we contacted the SEC on June 8, 2012, to report our findings.  It is uncertain what actions,
if any, the SEC will take in relation to the matters self-reported to the SEC and there is risk as to whether such actions, if
any, would include reprimanding, fining or otherwise sanctioning us, which could negatively affect us.  

Our
stock price is highly volatile   .   

The
market price of our common stock has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate.  These fluctuations may be exaggerated
since the trading volume of its common stock is volatile, limited, and sporadic.  These fluctuations may or may not
be based upon any business or operating results.  Our common stock may experience similar or even more dramatic price
and volume fluctuations in the future.  

The
market for the common stock is limited, sporadic and volatile.  Any failure to develop or maintain an active trading
market could negatively affect the value of our shares and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares.    

Our
common stock is currently traded on the OTCQX U.S., a centralized quotation service maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc. that
collects and publishes market maker quotes for over-the-counter securities. Although our common stock is traded on the OTCQX U.S.,
a regular trading market for our securities may not be sustained in the future. Specifically, we currently are not in compliance
with the continued trading requirements of the OTCQX U.S. and may be removed from quotations on the OTCQX if we do not regain
compliance in the near future.  If we are removed from the OTCQX, we anticipate that our stock would continue to be
quoted on the OTCQB. Quotes for stocks traded on the OTCQX U.S. or OTCQB generally are not listed in the financial sections of
newspapers and newspapers often devote very little coverage to stocks quoted solely on the OTCQX U.S. or OTCQB. Accordingly, prices
for, and coverage of, securities quoted solely on the OTCQX U.S. or OTCQB may be difficult to obtain. In addition, stocks quoted
solely on the OTCQX U.S. or OTCQB tend to have a limited number of market makers and a larger spread between the bid and ask prices
than those listed on an exchange. All of these factors may cause holders of our common stock to be unable to resell their securities
at any price. This limited trading also could decrease or eliminate our ability to raise additional funds through issuances of
our securities.    

Failure
to develop or maintain an active trading market could negatively affect the value of our shares and make it difficult for you
to sell your shares or recover any part of your investment in us.  Even if an active market for our common stock does
develop, the market price of our common stock may be highly volatile.  In addition to the uncertainties relating to
our future operating performance and the profitability of our operations, factors such as variations in our interim financial
results, or various, as yet unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market
price of our common stock.  Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any active markets that may
develop for our common stock, the ability of holders of our common stock to sell our common stock, or the prices at which holders
may be able to sell our common stock.  

The
sale of substantial shares of our common stock or the issuance of shares upon exercise of our warrants will cause immediate and
substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and may depress the market price of our common stock .   

In
order to provide capital for the operation of our business, we may enter into additional financing arrangements.  These
arrangements may involve the issuance of new common stock, preferred stock that is convertible into common stock, debt securities
that are convertible into common stock or warrants for the purchase of common stock.  Any of these items could result
in a material increase in the number of shares of common stock outstanding which would in turn result in a dilution of the ownership
interest of existing common stockholders.  In addition, these new securities could contain provisions, such as priorities
on distributions and voting rights, which could affect the value of our existing common stock.  

As
of August 31, 2016, we have approximately 44.9 million shares of common stock outstanding.  In addition to our common
stock, we have (i) warrants that may be exercised into 4,272,275 shares of common stock exercisable at $0.35 per share, (ii) warrants
that may be exercised into 4,272,275 shares of common stock exercisable at $0.50 per share, (iii) warrants that may be exercised
into 160,000 shares of common stock at $0.20 per share, (iv) warrants that may be exercised into 6,595,000 shares of common stock
at $0.35 per share, (v) warrants that may be exercised into 10,000 shares of common stock at $0.10 per share, and (vi) options
that may be exercised into 5,635,000 shares of common stock at $0.20 to $1.50 per share issued to directors, officers and consultants.  The
issuance of shares upon exercise of these options and warrants may result in substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders
and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.  

A
low market price may severely limit the potential market for our common stock.    

An
equity security that trades below a certain price per share is subject to SEC rules requiring additional disclosures by broker-dealers.  These
rules generally apply to any non-Nasdaq equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions (a  penny stock ).  Such rules require the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of
a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith and impose various sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and institutional or wealthy investors.  For
these types of transactions, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received
the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale.  The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions
payable to the broker-dealer, current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market
maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market.  Such information
must be provided to the customer orally or in writing before or with the written confirmation of trade sent to the customer.  

Monthly
statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited
market in penny stocks.  Since our common stock trades at a price of less than $5.00 per share, the additional burdens
imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock.  

We
do not currently intend to pay cash dividends.    

We
have not declared any dividends since incorporation and do not anticipate that we will do so in the foreseeable future.  Our
present policy is to retain all available funds for use in our operations and the expansion of our business.  Payment
of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, results of
operations, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors that our Board considers relevant.
Accordingly, investors will only see a return on their investment if the value of our securities appreciates.  

Control
by current stockholders.    

The
current stockholders have elected the directors and the directors have appointed current executive officers to serve our Company. 
The voting power of these stockholders could also discourage others from seeking to acquire control of us through the purchase
of our common stock which might depress the price of our common stock.  

Investment
in our Company has a high degree of risk. Before you invest you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described
below. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed and
the value of our stock could go down.  

ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS   

Not applicable.  

ITEM 2.
 PROPERTIES   

Executive
and Field Offices   

Our
headquarters are located at 539 El Paso Street, Sierra Blanca, Texas 79851. The El Paso warehouse located at 11459 Pellicano Dr.,
El Paso, Texas was terminated in June 2013. Our accounting functions are conducted by personnel in Galveston and Tyler, Texas,
Denver, Colorado, all under the supervision of our CFO, Wm Chris Mathers.  

Overview
of the Round Top Rare Earth-Uranium-Beryllium Project   

We
are currently in the exploration stage and have not established that our Round Top Project contains Proven or Probable Reserves
as defined under SEC Guide 7.  

Description
and Access    

Round
Top is a small mountain, one of a group of five that comprises the Sierra Blanca, located in Hudspeth County approximately eight
miles northwest of the town of Sierra Blanca. The property is reached by truck on a private dirt road that turns north off Interstate
10 access road approximately one mile west of the town of Sierra Blanca.  A railroad line is located approximately one
to three miles from the Round Top Project and a spur line stops at a stone quarry within three miles of the Round Top Project.  

On
March 6, 2013, we purchased the surface lease at the Round Top Project, known as the West Lease, from the Foundation for $500,000
cash and 1,063,830 shares of our common stock. We also agreed to support the Foundation through an annual payment of $45,000 for
ten years to support conservation efforts within the Rio Grande Basin and in particular engaging in stewardship of Lake Amistad,
a large and well-known fishing lake near Del Rio, Texas. The West Lease comprises approximately 54,990 acres and is fully paid
until 2028, thereby having a lease value of approximately $1,364,852. Most importantly, purchase of the surface lease gave us
unrestricted surface access for the potential development and mining of our Round Top Project. As of August 31, 2016 the fourth
annual payment of $45,000 was not paid on June 2016, however the Company has received a waiver until May 31, 2017 for payment.  

Figure
1 - Round Top Location Map   

Acquisition
and Ownership    

Prospecting
Permits   

TMRC
currently holds prospecting permits covering land in Hudspeth County. The prospecting permits allow for exploration activities
on approximately 7,110 acres. Currently, TMRC has yet to complete drilling on lands identified within the permits due to the requirement
of completing archeological studies. TMRC intends to complete archeological studies in all areas for future exploration. To date,
all exploration work has occurred on areas with approved archeological assessments. A summary of the prospecting permits is listed
in Table 1 below:  

Table
1 TMRC Permit Numbers and Associated Acres   

TMRC
has approximately 7,110 acres under annual prospecting permits with the State of Texas. TMRC entered into the prospecting permits
on October 31, 2014 and all are renewable on or before the anniversary date at a cost $1.00 per acre.  

September
2011 Lease   

On
September 2, 2011, we entered into a new mining lease with the Texas General Land Office covering Sections 7 and 18 of Township
7, Block 71 and Section 12 of Block 72, covering approximately 860 acres at Round Top Mountain in Hudspeth County, Texas.  The
mining lease issued by the Texas General Land Office gives us the right to explore, produce, develop, mine, extract, mill, remove,
and market beryllium, uranium, rare earth elements, all other base and precious metals, industrial minerals and construction materials
and all other minerals excluding oil, gas, coal, lignite, sulfur, salt, and potash.  The term of the lease is nineteen
years from execution date of lease so long as minerals are produced in paying quantities.  

Under the
lease, we will pay the State of Texas a lease bonus of $142,518; $44,718 of which was paid upon the execution of the lease, and
$97,800 which will be due when we submit a supplemental plan of operations to conduct mining.  Upon the sale of minerals
removed from Round Top, we will pay the State of Texas a $500,000 minimum advance royalty.  

Thereafter,
we will pay the State of Texas a production royalty equal to eight percent (8%) of the market value of uranium and other fissionable
materials removed and sold from Round Top and six and one quarter percent (61/4%) of the market value of all other minerals removed
and sold from Round Top.  

Thereafter,
assuming production of paying quantities has not been obtained, we may pay additional delay rental fees to extend the term of
the lease for successive one (1) year periods pursuant to the following schedule:  

In August
2016 we paid the State of Texas a delay rental of $67,077.   

November
2011 Lease   

On
November 1, 2011, we entered into a mining lease with the State of Texas covering 90 acres, more or less, of land that we purchased
in September 2011 near our Round Top site.  The deed was recorded with Hudspeth County on September 16, 2011. Under
the lease, we paid the State of Texas a lease bonus of $20,700 which was paid upon the execution of the lease.  Upon
the sale of minerals removed from Round Top, we will pay the State of Texas a $50,000 minimum advance royalty.  Thereafter,
we will pay the State of Texas a production royalty equal to eight percent (8%) of the market value of uranium and other fissionable
materials removed and sold from Round Top and six and one quarter percent (61/4%) of the market value of all other minerals sold
from Round Top. The term of the lease is nineteen years from execution date of lease so long as minerals are produced in paying
quantities.  

Thereafter,
assuming production of paying quantities has not been obtained, we may pay additional delay rental fees to extend the term of
the lease for successive one (1) year periods pursuant to the following schedule:  

In October
2016, we paid the State of Texas a delay rental to extend the term of the lease in an amount equal to $6,750.    

March 2013
Lease   

On
March 6, 2013, we entered into a lease assignment (the  Lease Assignment Agreement ) with Southwest Range   Wildlife
Foundation, Inc., a Texas non-profit corporation  (the  Foundation ), pursuant to which the Foundation agreed
to assign to us a surface lease identified with the State of Texas as Surface Lease SL20040002 (the  West     Lease ),
which covers 54,990.11 acres in Hudspeth County, Texas.  In exchange for the West Lease, we agreed to:  (i)
pay the Foundation $500,000 in cash; (ii) issue 1,063,830 of our common shares, par value $0.01 (the  Common Shares );
and (iii) make ten (10) payments to the Foundation of $45,000 each.  The first payment was made in June 2013, and the
nine (9) subsequent payments due on or before June 1 of each of the following years, such payments to be used by the Foundation
to support conservation efforts within the Rio Grande Basin.  The Lease Assignment Agreement contains standard representations,
warranties and covenants. The closing of the transaction contemplated by the Lease Assignment Agreement was completed on March
8, 2013. As of August 31, 2016 the fourth annual payment of $45,000 was not paid on June 2016, however the Company has received
a waiver until May 31, 2017 for payment.  

October
2014 Surface Option   

In
October 2014, we executed an agreement with the Texas General Land Office securing the option to purchase the surface rights covering
the potential Round Top project mine and plant areas, and separately a lease to develop the water necessary for the potential
Round Top project mine operations.  

The
option to purchase the surface rights covers approximately 5,670 acres over the mining lease and the additional acreage adequate
to site all potential heap leaching and processing operations as currently anticipated by the Company. We may exercise the option
for all or part of the option acreage at any time during the sixteen year primary term of the mineral lease. The option can be
kept current by an annual payment of $10,000, which has not been paid as of December 14, 2016. The purchase price will be the
appraised value of the surface at the time of exercising the option.  

The ground
water lease secures our right to develop the ground water within a 13,120 acre lease area located approximately 4 miles from the
Round Top deposit. The lease area contains five existing water wells. It is anticipated that all potential water needs for the
Round Top project mine operations would be satisfied by the existing wells covered by this water lease. This lease has an annual
minimum production payment of $5,000 prior to production of water for the operation, which has not been paid as of December 14,
2016. After initiation of production we will pay $0.95 per thousand gallons or $20,000 annually, whichever is greater. This lease
remains effective as long as the mineral lease is in effect.  

Geology    

The
Round Top Project area lies within the Texas Lineament Zone or Trans-Pecos Trend.  The lineament is a northwest trending
structural zone where Laramide thrust faulting followed by basin and range normal faulting were active.  Tertiary igneous
activity is also associated with the lineament zone, both intrusive and extrusive.  

Locally
the project area is characterized by five Tertiary microgranite bodies that intruded Cretaceous sedimentary rocks. The microgranites
occur as laccoliths, mushroom-shaped bodies emplaced at relatively shallow depths.  At the current erosional levels, laccoliths
form resistant peaks with relief up to 2,000 feet.  The microgranites, which are called rhyolites in the literature,
are enriched with various metals which may or not be economical to recover.  The rare earth elements are located with-in
the intrusive rhyolite body.  

Tertiary
Diorite which predate the microgranites are intruded the cretaceous section.  The diorites occur as sills, five to 100
feet thick and less frequently as dikes and plugs.  Sedimentary rocks exposed in the area are middle to upper Cretaceous
limestones shales and sandstones.  The limestone, where it is in contact with the microgranites, is the host for Beryllium
and uranium mineralization.  

The
Round Top Project was initially developed in the late 1980 s as a beryllium resource. During the course of the beryllium exploration,
approximately 200 drill holes penetrated varying thicknesses of the rhyolite volcanic rock that makes up the mass of Round Top
Mountain and caps the beryllium-uranium deposits which occur in the underlying limestone; some 50 more holes were drilled on Little
Round Top, Sierra Blanca and Little Blanca Mountains.  

The
Texas Bureau of Economic Geology, working with the project geologists, conducted an investigation of the rhyolite to better understand
its rare metal content. This research shows that the rhyolite laccoliths at Sierra Blanca are enriched in a variety of REEs and
other rare elements such as tantalum, niobium, thorium and lithium. They analyzed a series of samples from outcrop and drill holes
and studied the geochemistry and mineralogy of the rhyolite. The results of their research were published in the GSA, Geological
Society of America, Special Paper 246, 1990.    

Mineralization    

Round
Top rhyolite is enriched in Heavy Rare Earth Elements (HREEs). Statistical review of the current data shows that an estimated
70% of the total REE s grade being HREEs. REE mineralization occurs primarily as disseminated microcrystals of varieties
of fluorite (such as yttrium-rich yttrofluorite) where HREEs have substituted for calcium, and as other REE-bearing accessory
minerals. REE minerals occur mainly in vugs and as crystal coatings, suggesting late-stage crystallization from an incompatible
element-rich fluid.  

The Round
Top rhyolite was divided into five different alteration phases based on the intensity of hematitic and hydrothermal alteration:
red rhyolite, pink rhyolite, tan rhyolite; brown rhyolite and gray rhyolite. Hematitic alteration is a replacement of the magnetite
by hematite and gives the rhyolite a red to pink color. Hydrothermal alteration was late and gives the rhyolite a tan to brown
color. Mostly unaltered, gray rhyolite was also documented.  

Initial
geochemical testwork, presented in Section 13, suggests that the gray and pink rhyolite units have the highest REE content, averaging
between 554 and 615 parts per million (ppm) total REE + Yttrium (Y). Red and tan rhyolites, which may be strongly vapor-phase
altered, contain about 8% lower abundance of REE and the brown rhyolite, which may be altered hydrothermally or by groundwater,
contains about 23% less REE than the gray and pink varieties.  

Metallurgy    

The
Round Top Project rhyolite requires further evaluation of its mineralogical makeup and economic modeling to determine the appropriate
course for potential future commercial development.  However, the size of this rhyolite deposit, the high percentage
(68-72%) of heavy rare earth elements to the total rare earth elements and the leaching characteristics of the host rock could
make a heap leach mine a viable option at lower capital costs than the mine plan described in our current PEA released June 22
2012. The Preliminary Economic Assessment is mentioned here for informational purposes only and is not incorporated herein by
reference.  

On
October 27, 2011, we announced that we had completed Phase I of its metallurgical testing and characterization.  This
mineralogical study reconfirmed that the rare earth minerals are finely disseminated throughout the rhyolite host rock. Based
on the initial ore characterization, this testing reconfirms the simplistic rare earth element mineral associations, which suggests
favorable metallurgical processing options. Phase II was focused on pre-concentration evaluation and other diagnostic testing
including acid leaching of the rare earth minerals.  The results of this testing is described in the PEA.  

On
May 8, 2013, we announced independent confirmation of potential favorable heap leach characteristics, based on coarse leach testing
at an independent lab.  The results are summarized below:  

*  

  La=Lanthanum,
Ce= Cerium, Pr= Praseodymium, Nd= Neodymium, Sm= Samarium, Eu= Europium, Gd= Gadolinium, Tb= Terbium, Dy=Dysprosium, Ho= Holmium,
Er= Erbium, Tm= Thulium, Lu= Lutetium, Yb= Ytterbium, Y= Yttrium, Th=Thorium, U= Uranium, Be= Beryllium, Li= Lithium  

A
sieved 2 to 4 mm (~1/8th to 1/4 inch) fraction of
the composite rhyolite sample being used for all metallurgical testing
was submitted. This sample was leached in 14.7 gm/l (14.7% by wt) sulfuric acid at room temperature for
two weeks.  

On
July 16, 2013, we announced the results of an independent heap leach scoping study static leach test which confirmed recoveries
up to 79.9%.  The test results indicated the following:  

1.    Comparison
                                         of the calculated heads and the assayed heads for the elements of interest are similar.
                                         Hence, it is reasonable to conclude that the minerals are fairly uniformly distributed
                                         in the deposit.    

3.    The highest
                                         extractions for all minerals of interest were in the 2 in X 1/2 in size fractions. The
                                         extractions dropped significantly in the minus 1/2in size fraction.    

4.    The acid
                                         consumption was reasonable for the coarse size fractions ( 1/2 inch) and more than
                                         doubled for the minus 1/2inch material.    

On
September 30, 2013, we announced the results of preliminary column leach testing.  Preliminary column leach testing
of Round Top rhyolite crushed to 1/2 inch has yielded the following recoveries of the heavy rare earth elements (terbium and heavier)
plus yttrium. These tests were run for 60 days with 7.5 wt. percent sulfuric acid. Recoveries of the heavy rare earth elements
plus Yttrium were as follows:  

While
concurrent work on the froth floatation and agitated leaching of the concentrates yielded acceptable recoveries, the whole rock
column leach testing indicates better overall recoveries at potentially lower capital and operating costs. This rock also shows
other very favorable heap leach characteristics with ore slump of 0.18%, ore wt. loss of 2.25% and retained moisture of 6.4%.  

Work
will continue to optimize the recoveries of the heavy rare earth elements (HREE) and yttrium as well as potentially valuable by-products
such as uranium, beryllium and lithium and the light rare earth elements (LREE).  

Project
Exploration History    

The
Round Top rare earths and uranium-beryllium prospects were initially drilled in 1984 and 1985, during which time the ore body
known as the  West End Ore Zone  was discovered by Cabot Corporation.  In subsequent years, Cyprus Minerals Corporation
took over the exploration activities.  Cyprus drilled additional exploration holes and also put an adit into the ore zone
where 1,115 feet of underground workings were driven.  Cyprus developed the underground workings in order to obtain bulk
samples for pilot plant testing and beryllium oxide concentrate generation.  Cyprus ultimately put the project on hold as
a result of poor beryllium market conditions.  Cyprus eventually allowed the lease with the state of Texas to lapse.  

In
March 2011, the Company completed an analysis of 1,103 drill samples from the 1984-88 drilling program initially conducted on
the Round Top Project by third party operators. All or a portion of forty-six out of an estimated two hundred fifty existing drill
holes have been re-logged and re-analyzed. The rare earth element and other metals are consistent with the original study by the
Texas Bureau of Geology that was published in the Geological Society of America, Special Paper 246 in 1990. This study first described
the rare metal content of the large mass of intrusive igneous rock that makes up the body of Round Top Mountain, and is the basis
for our interest in this deposit. The nine drill holes cited below were selected because they are widely distributed and roughly
define an area approximately six thousand feet by four thousand feet within the approximate seven thousand foot known diameter
of the intrusive rhyolite body. They intersected the entire body of the rhyolite.  

On
October 27, 2011, we announced favorable results of our Phase I metallurgical testing and characterization that reconfirmed that
the rare earth minerals are finely disseminated throughout the rhyolite host rock at our Round Top Project.  

On
November 8, 2011, we announced that our supplementary operating plan to expand exploration activities at our Round Top Project
had been approved by the Texas General Land Office (GLO); the expanded development and exploration drill plan now calls for an
additional 40 drill holes and 4 diamond core holes for an estimated planned drilled footage of 20,000 feet.  

On
November 10, 2011, we announced that Gustavson Associates, LLC, a subsidiary of Walsh Environmental Scientists and Engineers and
its parent company, Ecology and Environment, Inc. (NASDAQ: EEI) had been contracted to perform the scoping study at the Round
Top Project.  On June 15, 2012, we issued a press release regarding the results of our Preliminary Economic Assessment.  

On
June 22, 2012, we published our PEA for our Round Top Project, entitled  NI 43-101 Preliminary Economic Assessment Round
Top Project, Sierra Blanca, Texas,  dated June 22, 2012, effective as of May 15, 2012.  

On
October 3, 2012, our management released updated economic projections related to various revisions to the proposed mine plan presented
in the PEA.  

Throughout
2013, management focused on developing metallurgical processes and refining the mine plan in anticipation of releasing an updated
PEA.  

On March 6,
2013, we purchased the surface lease at the Round Top Project, known as the West Lease, from the Southwest Wildlife and Range
Foundation (the  Foundation ) for $500,000 cash and 1,063,830 shares of our common stock. We also agreed to support
the Foundation through an annual payment of $45,000 for ten years to support conservation efforts within the Rio Grande Basin
and in particular engaging in stewardship of Lake Amistad, a large and well-known fishing lake near Del Rio, Texas. The West Lease
comprises approximately 54,990 acres and is fully paid until 2028, thereby having a lease value of approximately $1,364,852. Most
importantly, purchase of the surface lease gave us unrestricted surface access for the potential development and mining of our
Round Top Project.  

On
May 8, 2013, we released testing results by an independent laboratory of the leaching characteristic of the rhyolite at our Round
Top Project, which demonstrates characteristics that may be favorable to heap leach mining at the Round Top Project. These leaching
characteristics are described in greater detail below under the section heading  Properties   Round Top Project  
Metallurgy .  

On
September 30, 2013 we released the results on column leach testing by an independent laboratory and announced our intention to
issue a revised PEA based on a heap leach operation designed to produce approximately 2,500 tons per year of heavy rare earth
elements plus yttrium. The column leach testing results are described in greater detail below under the section heading  Properties
  Round Top Project   Metallurgy .  

On
December 23, 2013, we published a revised version of the June 2012 Preliminary Economic Assessment (the  Revised PEA )
based on a 20,000 tonne per day heap leach operation using a conventional element separation plant. The mineralized material estimate
was recalculated to include uranium, niobium, tantalum and tin. The Revised PEA assesses the potential economic viability of the
simplified and  scaled down  operation which we believe is a much better fit with the present rare earth market.  

Cautionary
Note to Investors:  The PEA and Revised PEA have been prepared in accordance with Canadian National Instrument 43-101  
Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects ( NI 43-101 ) and the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum
(the  CIM )    CIM Definition Standards on Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves , adopted by the CIM
Council, as amended.  The Company has voluntarily had the PEA and Revised PEA prepared in accordance with NI 43-101 but the
Company is not subject to regulation by Canadian regulatory authorities and no Canadian regulatory authority has reviewed the
PEA or Revised PEA or passed upon its accuracy or compliance with NI 43-101.  The terms  mineral reserve ,  proven
mineral reserve  and  probable mineral reserve  are Canadian mining terms as defined in accordance with NI 43-101.
These definitions differ from the definitions in SEC Industry Guide 7 under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the  Securities Act ). Under SEC Industry Guide 7 standards, a  final  or  bankable  feasibility
study is required to report reserves, the three-year historical average price is used in any reserve or cash flow analysis to
designate reserves and the primary environmental analysis or report must be filed with the appropriate governmental authority.
In addition, the terms  mineral resource ,  measured mineral resource ,  indicated mineral resource 
and  inferred mineral resource  are defined in NI 43-101; however, these terms are not defined terms under SEC Industry
Guide 7 and are normally not permitted to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Investors are cautioned
not to assume that any part or all of mineral deposits in these categories will ever be converted into reserves.  Inferred
mineral resources  have a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic
and legal feasibility. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource will ever be upgraded to a higher
category. Under Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral resources may not form the basis of feasibility or pre-feasibility
studies, except in rare cases. Investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource exists
or is economically or legally mineable. Disclosure of  contained ounces  in a resource is permitted disclosure under
Canadian regulations; however, the SEC normally only permits issuers to report mineralization that does not constitute  reserves 
by SEC Industry Guide 7 standards as in place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. Accordingly, information in
the PEA and Revised PEA contains descriptions of our mineral deposits that may not be comparable to similar information made public
by United States companies subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements under the United States federal securities laws
and the rules and regulations thereunder. Our project as described in the PEA and Revised PEA currently does not contain any known
proven or probable ore reserves under SEC Industry Guide 7 reporting standards. U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the
disclosure in the Registrant s latest reports and registration statements filed with the SEC.  U.S. Investors are cautioned
not to assume that any defined resources in these categories will ever be converted into SEC Guide 7 compliant reserves.   

Exploration
and Engineering Costs    

To
date we have incurred exploration costs at the Round Top Project of approximately $11.7 million.  In the fiscal year
ending August 31, 2016 our total exploration costs were approximately $216,000.    

Improvements,
Equipment, Power and Water    

The
Round Top rare earth prospect was initially developed in the late 1980s as a beryllium resource.  As a result, several
pieces of equipment were present at the property when we acquired the lease, some of which we have repaired as described below.  The
previous operators had also built out several roads at the prospect site, which we believe are suitable for our current exploration
plans.  

There
exists on the Round Top site a 1,115 foot, 10 foot by 10 foot decline from the surface into the Round Top prospect. There are
steel sets every five feet, in some cases less, and the entire working is lagged with timber. There are  escape holes 
at intervals to allow personnel to avoid equipment. The escape holes are all in good operating condition.  There is
also a 36 foot steel ventilation line in place that runs for approximately 75 feet into the prospect. There is a 125 hp axial
plane ventilation fan in place.  We have leveled the fan and rehabilitated the control panel, and have operated this
ventilation system during the evaluation of the historic Cabot-Cyprus work. We intend to install a  soft start  motor
starter switch for the vent fan in the future in order to be able to use a 100kw generator.  

A
bag house is also located on the property that will need its electronic controls rehabilitated and modernized and filters installed.
There is a 6  Victaulic compressed air line extending from the compressor station outside to the faces. There are numerous
valves at strategic locations underground. There is one 2  steel Victaulic water line for drill water and an additional partly
plastic Victaulic water line for dust suppression sprayers, which also has sprayers in place.  

There
is electric cable from the portal to the face and a switch box underground. Some additional switching gear will need to be installed
at the portal.  The mine portal has a sturdy locking steel door in place that we have  reconditioned.  

There
is a 500 barrel (23,000 gal) water tank below the mine dump for water to be hauled in and stored. This tank appears to be in good
shape. The water line from the tank to the mine portal is missing and will have to be replaced. The water system will need a submersible
pump, switching gear and approximately 1000 ft of 2  poly line to render the water system serviceable.  

The nearest
population center to the Round Top Project is Sierra Blanca, Texas. The town of Sierra Blanca is approximately six miles to the
southeast of the Round Top Project site. The population was 533 in 2000 and 510 during the 2007 census. Skilled mining labor and
support could be found in El Paso, approximately 85 miles to the northeast.  

A major rail
line parallels Interstate 10 approximately three to four miles west and south of the mine site. Approximately three miles from
the Project site is a commercial rock quarry in operation which produces ballast for the railroad. The rock quarry operation has
a rail road spur which is approximately two to three miles from the Project.  

Power is currently
supplied to Sierra Blanca through El Paso Electric Services. El Paso Electric Services has approximately 1,643 megawatts of generating
capacity. As the greater power needs of a floatation operation have been eliminated by the proposed heap leach mine plan the existing
69 kV is thought to be adequate to supply the envisioned heap leach operation.  

Water for
the project may be obtained from a well field approximately 3 miles east of the mine site. In October of 2014, we executed a lease
with the Texas General Land Office to develop the water necessary for the potential Round Top project mine operations. The ground
water lease secures our right to develop the ground water within a 13,120 acre lease area located approximately 4 miles from the
Round Top deposit. The lease area contains five existing water wells. It is anticipated that all potential water needs for the
Round Top project mine operations would be satisfied by the existing wells covered by this water lease. This lease has an annual
minimum production payment of $5,000 prior to production of water for the operation. After initiation of production we will pay
$0.95 per thousand gallons or $20,000 annually, whichever is greater. This lease remains effective as long as the mineral lease
is in effect.  

This well
field was originally developed to supply water for a proposed real estate project in the late 1970 s. One of the existing wells
is reported to have pump tested 950 gallons per minute and another 450 gallons per minute. This water is high enough in total
dissolved solids to not meet drinking water standards, thus there is no competition for its use. The quality of the water is expected
to be adequate for process water needs and the water will require treatment to be potable.  

Current
and Planned Metallurgical Activities   

Metallurgical
research done leading to the publication of our Revised PEA of December 2013 has shown the possibility of heap leaching at the
Round Top Project. This first step of  dissolving  the REE bearing mineral is the critical factor in the determination
to develop REE projects. The type of solvent, its strength and other conditioning necessary to render the elements soluble is,
in our opinion, what most affects the ultimate feasibility of a project. TMRC has been able to extract a high percentage of the
REE and other elements from the mineralized rock at the Round Top Project, and test work to date also indicates it can be done
easily and at projected low operating costs. We are now at the stage of solution concentration and purifying.  

We have intended
to carry this project forward as follows:  

Stage 1a,
 Treat the primary leach solution to remove the impurity elements and to produce a feedstock solution at concentrations and
flow rate acceptable to feed the processing plant. 1b, Desktop study of the CAPEX and OPEX of the
plant envisioned at Round Top.  

Stage 2,
 milestone 1, bench scale production of high purity separated elements  

Stage 2,
 milestone 2, Pilot plant testing using large diameter columns to calibrate the CIX/CIC procedures and to optimize the heap
leach parameters.  

Stage 2, 
milestone 3, Publication of a bankable feasibility study of the CIX/CIC processing plant.  

Stage 1 has
been successfully completed and has demonstrated that it is technically and economically to remove the rare earth elements from
the pregnant leach solution (pls). Stage 2, milestone 1 is in progress and is expected to be complete by December 31 2015. Milestone
2 will begin upon completion of milestone 1 and contingent upon securing the financing necessary for its completion. Milestone
2 will be pilot plant scale testing to define the operating parameters, capital costs and operating cost of the removal of the
rare earth from the PLS and the process to produce the high purity separated rare earth products for sale. It will also evaluate
processes to separate and purify such by-product and potential by-products as uranium, thorium, lithium and beryllium. Milestone
3 will bring the project to full feasibility with completed engineering, design, tables of organization and equipment and the
required permitting and regulatory approvals.  

Stage
1- Phase 1a and 1b    

Phases
1a and 1b have been successfully completed.  These phases represented the purification step and were implemented as
follows:  

The
Round Top pregnant leach solution (PLS) obtained by leaching the crushed ore with dilute sulfuric acid extracts the rare earth
elements at high recoveries but also recovers high concentrations of aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, potassium and sodium.
The PLS produced from the leach operation is expected to be at flow rates on the order of 600 gallons per minute with concentrations
of rare earth elements in the range of 1,000 to 3,500 parts per million (ppm). First experimental run produced a solution that
averaged approximately 1,000 ppm (.1%) rare earth and approximately 30,000 ppm (3%) impurities, a ratio of 30:1 impurities to
REE. The Stage 1, Phase 1a processing was able to change this ratio to approximately 0.3:1 impurities to REE. This level of impurity
rejection greatly exceed our target expectations and we believe demonstrates that the Round Top PLS can be relatively easily and
economically processed into a feedstock compatible with any type of refining plant.  

We
believe that accomplishing this step of directly extracting the REE from the PLS without prior treatment or conditioning has accomplished
the most difficult part of process design. Once the purification step has been done, we believe that the elemental separation
and refinement should be relatively straightforward.  

Stage
1 - Phase 2a and 2b    

Phases 2a,
the bench-scale separation of the rare earth elements into groups was completed in May 2015, through the rejection of the low
value rare earth elements lanthanum and cerium from the Phase 1a solution.  

The
resultant rare earth solution is now being further processed to produce selected high purity REE oxides in Phase 2b. The scope
of this work has been modified to fulfill the terms of the contract with the Defense Logistics Agency (DLS) order to deliver 99.999+
yttrium, 99.99% ytterbium and 99.999+% of an undisclosed element.  

Budget    

Our initial
Stage 1 budget was $134,502. This Stage is now successfully completed.  

Stage 2 in
its entirety is expected to cost approximately $2,015,454 to complete.  Stage 2 is subdivided into milestones 1, 2 and
3. Milestone 1 will be to separate selected high purity rare earth elements at bench scale. Milestone 2 is the construction and
operation of a pilot plant to optimize and to refine the operating costs of a complete CIX/CIC plant. Milestone 3 is the preparation
of a bankable feasibility study for the installed CIX/CIC plant at Round Top. Milestone 1 is in progress and is expected to be
completed by the end of calendar year 2015. Initial projected cost of milestone 1 is $336,454. This cost projection has been modified
by the terms of TMRC s contract with the Defense Logistical Agency and the inclusion of an additional $140,000 from that
agency. Milestone 2, the pilot plant stage is expected to cost $1,120,000. Milestone 3, the preparation of a bankable feasibility
for the CIX/CIC process is an additional $500,000.  

In addition
to the development of the processing plant, we estimate that another $6,519,193 to complete feasibility grade engineering for
the entire project including mine planning, water development, baseline studies and initial permitting. Currently, we estimate
that entire project feasibility study will cost $9,534,684 including corporate G A and a 25% contingency.    

Metal Recovery
Methods   

There are
two options for extracting the REE from the leach solution, solvent extraction (SX) and ion exchange (IX).  

SX
is widely used in the REE industry. SX is a process whereby the water/acid leach solution is mixed with a kerosene based solution
containing the active organic agents (extractants) and then allowed to settle and separate into the water and oil phase. The extractants
carried in the kerosene selectively remove the REE s and other sought after elements from the water/acid solution leaving the
impurities in the original solution. The economic elements move from the aqueous sulfuric acid leach solution into the kerosene
solution and are then transferred from the kerosene solution back into an aqueous solution, this time a hydrochloric acid solution
at higher concentrations. This process is repeated over and over until all the individual REE s are separated into their purified
individual oxides and then sold.  

IX
is a process whereby the leach solution is passed through a tank or column containing small beads of an ion exchange resin. The
ion exchange resin has the active extracting agents embedded within the beads. The resin beads adsorb the metal ions of interest
from the leach solution. When the beads are loaded to their maximum carrying capacity the loaded column is exchanged for a column
containing fresh beads. The elements  loaded  on the resin are then stripped back into another aqueous solution, again
hydrochloric acid, at high concentrations for further processing. The column with the  stripped  beads is then ready
to be recycled back into the process. In the IX process the stripped beads are normally loaded with hydrogen ions which, when
exchanged with the REEs in the PLS, does not affect the acidity of the solution, thus the acid is also recycled back into the
process, further lowering the operational costs.  

The
aluminum, iron and other elements can be chemically precipitated and removed by raising the pH and adding other elements such
as magnesium. The  cleaned  solution is then further refined by SX or IX methods. Precipitation has been successfully
used to clean the Round Top solutions but it results in approximately a 20% loss of some of the REE via co-precipitation with
the less desirable elements. TMRC consultants are confident with additional work these losses will be reduced to 15% or lower.
A disadvantage of this procedure is that most or all of the acid is neutralized and lost. Developing a procedure to use SX or
IX to remove the REEs directly from the PLS will improve overall recoveries, simplify the process and significantly improve the
operational economics.  

SX
has the advantage of being the process used in other REE operations, thus there is a considerable base of knowledge and experience
to be relied on. We believe it has some disadvantages, however. SX plants, while being simple in concept, consist of many repetitive
stages which result in a relatively large operation with many steps which in turn require close control and supervision. They
are both labor and capital intensive.  

IX
has the advantage of being simpler and the plants physically much smaller. IX also is more forgiving operationally because it
is less sensitive to variations in flow rate and REE grade than SX. Both capital and operating costs are generally lower than
equivalent SX plants. However, IX has not, to date, been applied to an REE operation.  

Our
joint venture with K-Tech has the goal of developing an IX process for REE operations. K-Tech has wide experience with continuous
ion exchange and continuous ion chromatography separation of rare earth and other elements from phosphate leach solutions. Insofar
as phosphate leach solutions are chemically similar to the primary leach solution produced from leaching Round Top rhyolite, the
decision was made to test the Round Top PLS using K-Tech s process.  

The process
itself can be summarized as follows: In the first step the raw, high volume, high impurity, low REE grade PLS from the leached
rock is converted to a relatively clean, high-grade sulfate solution. This is accomplished by loading the PLS onto a strong cat-ionic
resin which, in the case of the Round Top PLS produces about a 4.5 to 1 concentration over the PLS. The resin is then subjected
to a  crowding  step whereby most of the impurity elements are forced off the resin, followed by a gradational elution
step where the resin is regenerated by sequentially stronger sulfuric acid whereby almost all the remaining impurities are first
removed by the weak acid and then the REE themselves removed by strong acid.  

The
next step, now in progress, will employ CIC to produce 3 high purity products, a light rare earth solution, a mid-range rare earth
product solution, and a heavy rare earth solution consisting of the elements terbium and those heavier, plus yttrium. The solution
from the first step is fed to and loaded onto the resin as an acid sulfate solution . Once loaded and washed, the column is eluted
by a chelating solution which causes the individual REE, because of the small differences in their cation attraction properties,
to separate and exit the column at different times. The 3 classes are determined by splitting the streams based on their exit
times.  

The
third step, the element separation stage, consists of more precise and slower reiterations of step two where the elements are
tapped individually as they exit the column. High purity is achieved by repeating the process through several columns. The only
limitation in the purity is the number of times the process is repeated. All solutions are recirculated, so there is no process
loss.  

CIX/CIC
technology holds promise of revolutionizing the processing and separation of rare earth elements from their ores and then individually.
Lower capital and operating costs, simplicity and flexibility, smaller size, and potential for lessening environmental risk are
the decisive features recommending this technology. CIX/CIC has a long and well-established track record in other extractive industries,
and relies on readily available equipment, resins, and reagents. There is nothing proprietary or  tailor made  in
either the equipment, resins, or reagents used in this process.  

Work
completed in December 2014 has shown that the dilute REE bearing sulfate leach solution can be efficiently treated to produce
a purified solution exceeding specifications for feedstock for a separation plant employing either a solvent extraction (SX) or
a continuous ion exchange process. We regard the successful completion of Phase 1 of Stage 1 a technological breakthrough in that
we were able use conventional ion exchange procedures (CIX) employing readily available, mass produced ion exchange resin to produce
the feedstock solution from an impure low grade leach solution. This was step one of a three step program whose objective is to
produce 4-9 s (99.99%) pure separated rare earth elements in either oxide or carbonate form.  

After the
Stage 1 processing, accomplished in January 2015, separated the REE s from the pregnant leach solution (PLS), resulting
in a relatively pure, concentrated mixed rare earths feedstock solution at flow rates suitable for feeding to either a solvent
extraction (SX) plant or, as planned by TMRC, to a CIC plant work continued to define stages 2 and three. Uranium in the sulfate
feedstock solution was not detected by ICP-MS analysis, inferring that neither it nor the chemically similar thorium is captured
in Stage 1 and does not enter the REE processing plant.  

The first
part of stage 2 refining was achieved in May 2015. This involved the splitting of the feedstock solution from Stage 1 into two
parts: (a) a low value branch consisting of lanthanum and cerium that could be warehoused, or sold at a discount; and (b) a high
value branch consisting of the remaining rare earths profile (plus yttrium),which can be  further refined.  

The overall
bench procedure used was to (1) produce a pregnant leach solution (PLS)  by irrigating crushed ore from the Round Top
deposit with dilute sulfuric acid in columns set up in K-Tech s testing facilities; (2) process this PLS in the initial
CIX Stage 1 system to remove the rare earth elements (REEs) from the PLS; (3) feed the rare earth solution to the initial step
within the stage 2  ion chromatography (IC) testing system for further rare earths isolation and impurity rejection;
(4) further processing to separate the contained rare earths into separate selected groups.  This operation is carried
out so that the first step is to isolate the lanthanum and cerium.  

Using this
procedure, K-Tech has produced a mids/heavies steam with a lanthanum/cerium content of less than 8% of the total rare earths present.
The rare earth elements that TMRC considers economically important,  i.e.  praseodymium, neodymium, gadolinium, terbium,
dysprosium, and yttrium make up approximately 68% of this product stream. This low lanthanum/cerium solution could then be immediately
treated to produce a marketable mids/heavies (M/H) rare earth concentrate for sale to other rare earth producers or consumers.
Work continues to further improve the efficiency of this step.  

Alternatively,
the resulting praseodymium/neodymium plus mid and heavy product stream from the stage 2 system could then be further refined in
Stage 2 and 3 to ultimately produce selected individual high purity rare earth oxides. Rare earths which are not separated to
individual products could be stockpiled as a concentrate for possible future processing, based on developing market conditions,
either as individual elemental products or as selected heavy rare earth mixtures.  

Most importantly,
the materials used in the K-Tech separation processes are non-toxic, non-flammable and readily available from multiple suppliers,
in large quantities and at competitive prices, thus limiting single source risks and dependence on a sole supplier of critical
materials needed for the process. The principal equipment used in the production process is also commercially available and does
not require specialty engineering or manufacturing. TMRC s confidence in K-Tech s ability to scale the process up
to full commercial volumes is supported by their wide experience in the application of these same materials and processing techniques
in other large-scale industrial separation processes. These include food; fertilizer; industrial chemical; hydrometallurgical;
bioprocessing; and other applications requiring continuous processing techniques using ion exchange and ion chromatography as
the basis for component separations. This assertion will be borne out in subsequent pilot plant testing where much larger quantities
of feedstock will be tested.  

The striking
success of this process led TMRC to propose a processing joint venture to introduce this technology to the larger rare earth industry.
In July TMRC and K-Tech signed a definitive joint venture agreement venture to develop, refine and market K-Tech s Continuous
Ion Exchange (CIX) and Continuous Ion Chromatography (CIC) technology as it applies mostly to the extraction of rare earth elements
(REE) from native ores. The JV will license the technology to TMRC, as well as other rare earth production companies.  Subject
to agreement by TMRC, the JV may also elect to build and operate processing facilities to separate and purify mixed rare earth
concentrates into individual purified rare earth oxides for other rare earth production companies in addition to TMRC.  

On
July 15, 2015, we entered into an operating agreement ( Operating Agreement ) with K-Tech, to formalize our joint
venture company, Reetech, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Reetech ), for the purposes of developing,
refining and marketing K-Tech s CIX/CIC process pursuant to the February 24, 2015 letter of intent with K-Tech. Pursuant
to the Operating Agreement, K-Tech holds an initial interest of 97.21% of Reetech for the contribution of its technology pursuant
to a license to Reetech (the  Reetech License) and TMRC holds an initial interest of 2.79% pursuant to its contribution
of cash payment of $391,000 to the prior development of the contributed Technology for the purposes of the joint venture. TMRC
has the ability to earn a 49.9% interest in Reetech by contributing up to $7.0 million in cash contributions upon the satisfaction
of certain development milestones. Reetech is governed by a board of managers comprised of three managers: one manager appointed
by the Company, one manager appointed by K-Tech and one manager appointed by mutual agreement of the Company and K-Tech.  

In connection
with the execution of the Operating Agreement, K-Tech granted to Reetech the Reetech License.  The Reetech License is
a perpetual license regarding K-Tech s CIX/CIC process within the field of use of the joint venture for the production of
rare earths and other products of value. Additionally, in connection with the execution of the Operating Agreement, Reetech granted
to TMRC a perpetual license to use the technology within the field of use of the Reetech License for the development and operation
of TMRC s projects, including the TMRC s Round Top project ( TMRC License ). Use of the TMRC License granted
to TMRC is contingent upon TMRC paying to Reetech a one-time fee of $5 million at startup of the initial processing plant.  

On October
18, 2015, we entered into an amendment agreement (the  Amendment ), effective August 27, 2015, with K-Tech, regarding
certain amendments to the Operating Agreement.  Concurrently with the execution of the Amendment, TMRC, K-Tech and Reetech
entered into amendments to the Reetech License and the TMRC License.  

Pursuant to
the Amendment, K-Tech has agreed to amend the Agreement to change the conditions upon which TMRC may earn its 49.9% membership
percentage interest in Reetech through special capital contributions.  The Amendment provides that TMRC may now earn
additional membership percentage interests in Reetech, up to the maximum percentage interest of 49.9%, through both (i) the cash
contributions towards development of the Technology upon the occurrence of certain development milestones (same as in the Agreement
prior to Amendment) and (ii) by TMRC being the procuring cause of third-party business for Reetech, in which case TMRC will be
credited with capital contributions on a dollar-for-dollar basis for the revenue generated by such third-party business.  To
be the  procuring cause  of business, Reetech and the third-party business client must have been brought together
and the third-party business client must have become a client of Reetech as the result of the continuous efforts of TMRC.  

In consideration
of the expansion of TMRC s right to earn additional membership percentage interests in Reetech, TMRC and K-Tech have further
amended the Agreement to provide the following:  

The
                                         Amendment provides that until such time as TMRC has been credited with the cumulative
                                         contribution to Reetech of either (i) $2.0 million in capital contributions made by TMRC,
                                         (ii) $3.5 million in collected revenue from third-party business clients of which TMRC
                                         was the procuring cause (as defined in the Amendment), or (iii) a combination of (i)
                                         and (ii) that total $3.5 million, one manager shall be appointed by TMRC and the remaining
                                         two managers shall be appointed by K-Tech. Following such contribution conditions being
                                         met, the Agreement will revert back to its original manager appointment provisions.    

The
                                         Agreement has been amended to provide that until such time as TMRC shall have earned
                                         its 49.9% interest in Reetech, K-Tech shall supervise the business of Reetech and K-Tech
                                         shall be the sole recipient of any profits realized from the business of Reetech.    

The
Amended TMRC License amends the one-time license fee payable by TMRC to Reetech for the use of the technology within the field
of use by TMRC for its projects.  Under the Amended TMRC License, TMRC will pay a one-time fee of $5.0 million payable
at plant start-up for the annual (calendar year) production of up to 3,000 metric tons of rare earth oxides.  In the
event that TMRC subsequently desires to produce more than 3,000 metric tons, TMRC agrees to pay Reetech an additional market-based
license fee to be negotiated by TMRC and Reetech before TMRC exceeds the 3,000 metric ton annual limit.  

Based on the
success of this process, TMRC, in conjunction with its joint venture partner K-Tech Inc., submitted aa proposal to the Defense
Logistics Agency of the Department of Defense to employ CIX/CIC to conduct research to demonstrate, at the bench scale level,
the ability to separate and refine yttrium (Y) oxide to a minimum of 99.999% purity, ytterbium (Yb) oxide to a minimum of 99.99%
purity and an undisclosed oxide to a minimum of 99.999% purity, using continuous ion exchange (CIX) and continuous ion chromatography
(CIC).  

Northeast
Pennsylvania Scandium Project   

On June 28,
2016 TMRC executed a Memorandum of understanding with Pagnotti Enterprises Inc. of Wilkes Barre, Pennsylvania, owners of the Jeddo
Coal Co., whereby under specified terms TMRC could lease one or more of Jeddo s deposits located in the anthracite region
of northeast Pennsylvania. Research by the Department of Energy (DOE) has shown that these coal deposits and the sandstones and
siltstones immediately associated with them contain anomalously high values of rare earth and on particular interest, Scandium.
The DOE research to date has indicated that the rare earth can be efficiently extracted from pulverized rock using ammonium sulfate
as the lixiviant. TMRC is in the process of preparing an application for a federal grant to design and construct a continuous
ion exchange/continuous ion chromatography (CIX/CIC) pilot plant to be delivered to a designated project area in the Appalachian
cold province. TMRC and its co-applicants, K-Tech, Inventure Renewables, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama and Penn State University are
proposing to plan, develop, design and install the CIX/CIC pilot plant at one of the Jeddo Coal properties. The award of this
grant is expected to be in March 2017. The application for this award is competitive and others are participating.  

Under the
terms of the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed 28 June 2016, TMRC had a six months term to perform the necessary due diligence
and to technically and economically evaluate the properties. Upon execution of the MOU TMRC and PEI will have six months to draft
and execute a formal lease agreement containing all the standard terms of mining lease agreements. TMRC will be obligated to pay
a $5,000 per month rental or a 12% royalty whichever is greater upon execution of the lease with PEI. TMRC has asked for and received
an extension of the original six months due diligence period to the new due date of June 30, 2017.  

Fundamentals
of the Scandium Market   

Scandium,
like yttrium, is not technically a rare earth element but shares their exceptional chemical properties. The useful properties
of scandium (Sc) are well known but its wide use has been retarded by lack of supply. Currently almost all is supplied principally
by Russia and also by China. Russia s supply is a by-product of uranium mining and China s is from the Bataou Iron
mine along with rare earth.  

Scandium excels
in two uses: solid oxide fuel cells and high strength aluminum alloy. Solid oxide fuel cells (SOFC s) can efficiently produce
electricity using a mixture of zirconium oxide and scandium oxide as the solid electrolyte layer of the cell. This technology
has been known for a long time but its use has been restricted by their high operating temperatures. The use of scandium oxide
lowers the operating temperature of these cells to an operationally practical level.  

The other,
and at the present time, far more important, use of scandium is an alloy of aluminum. This technology originated in Russia (USSR
at that time), owing to their source of Sc, where it was discovered that these alloys have high-strength, stress resistance, temperature
resistance and have superior welding characteristics. The USSR employed these alloys in a number of military applications including
the MIG 29 (while U.S. aerospace designers understood the superiority of scandium for high-stress fighter aircraft, the inability
to reliably source scandium led the U.S. to use a heavier titanium alloy instead). Again, supply was the main drawback, even for
the Soviets. Today, global production in the opaque scandium market is estimated to run between 400 kg of virgin scandium, to
a high end of 10 metric tons. In terms of potential demand, as one study notes:    If only a tiny fraction (0.1%) of
the annual aluminum market absorbed scandium in alloy at a 0.5% level, it would represent 350 tonnes ($700M) in global scandium
demand.   

In recent
years, Airbus has extensively researched these Sc-Al alloys and has expressed high interest in using it in their airframes if
a reliable supply can be developed. The American aircraft industry uses an inferior titanium-aluminum alloy. Besides its superiority
as a structural alloy, the Sc-Al alloy is capable of making effective armor plate.  

There is a
growing interest in Sc for these reasons and there is a general consensus that as soon as a reliable supply can be found, the
Sc-Al alloy usage will rapidly grow. The technology is ready, only the supply is lacking.  

The Department
of Energy Appalachian Rare Earth Project   

Research by
the Department of Energy in the Appalachian coal fields has discovered that there are rare earth and other metals present in the
sandstones that overlie, underlie and are intercalated with the coal beds. The exact geologic relationships are not yet understood
but extensive research conducted to date show that these beds are only mineralized when associated with coal thus there is a genetic
relationship between the coal formation and the metal deposition. This project is a large undertaking and in addition to direct
work by the DOE, research is being conducted at the University of Kentucky, University of West Virginia, Virginia Tech and Penn
State. Extensive research is underway on the geology, mineralogy, physical metallurgy, hydrometallurgy and final processing of
these metalliferous beds.  

TMRC enjoys
working relationships with both the Department of Energy and the Department of Defense. TMRC has a JV agreement (REE-TECH) with
K-Tech of Lakeland Florida, to deploy Continuous Ion Exchange and Continuous Ion Chromatography to the separation and purification
of rare earth elements. We were commissioned by the Defense Logistics Agency to conduct a proof of concept trial to use Continuous
Ion Chromatography to produce highly pure (99.999%) selected rare earth elements which was successfully completed this year. This
process was brought to the attention of the DOE and we have been invited to apply for a research grant to design and build a REE
separation pilot plant as part of the Appalachian REE project.  

The Upper
Lehigh Project Area   

During the
course of discussions with the DOE, we were introduced to the principals of the Jeddo Coal Co. who has extensive properties in
the northeast Pennsylvania anthracite region and was the site of extensive sampling by the DOE. The presence of significant rare
earth and, in particular, scandium is well documented in these properties. TMRC has executed a MOU (option agreement) with Jeddo
to develop the metal potential of their holdings. Although there are at least six sites where economic REE/Sc mineralization has
been sampled, the deposit called the Upper Lehigh No. 5 is the most favorable because of easy access and low stripping ratios.  

Based on drill
core sampling done to date, the metal bearing sandstones associated with the coal beds on the Jeddo property range from a minimum
of 16 feet to over 150 feet. We have assume a thickness average of 20 feet for the Upper Lehigh deposit it would contain over
2,000,000 tonnes and have based our preliminary economic analysis on this estimate. The mining will be done in conjunction with
the coal mining and we estimate the production rate of the mineralized sandstone will be approximately 250 tonnes per day. Further
exploration of this deposit will be conducted to define the exact thicknesses, tonnages and production rates for the actual operation.  

Scandium
Pricing   

Current scandium
pricing is approximately $2000 per kilogram. The preliminary economic analysis (PEA) is based on this price. Although the projected
expansion of usage of scandium is driven by availability rather than price, there is a possibility that at some time in the future
the scandium price will seek lower levels. Because of the extremely favorable operating conditions at the Upper Lehigh property
we estimate that the  break even  price for Scandium is approximately $550 per kilogram.  

ITEM 3.
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

None.  

ITEM 4.
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Pursuant
to Section 1503(a) of the recently enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (The  Dodd-Frank Act ),
issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are required
to disclose in their periodic reports filed with the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders
and citations, related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities. During the fiscal year ended August
31, 2015, our U.S. exploration properties were not subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health
Administration ( MSHA ) under the  Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977  (the  Mine Act ).  

PART II  

ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

Our common stock is listed for quotation
on the OTCQX U.S. operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. under the symbol  TMRC.  The market for our common stock on the
OTCQX U.S. is limited, sporadic and highly volatile. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down
or commission and may not represent actual transactions. The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid prices during
the periods indicated. 

The last bid price of our common
stock on December 12, 2016 was $0.11 per share. 

Holders  

The approximate number of holders
of record of our common stock as of November 16, 2016 was 496. 

Dividends  

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our equity security and our Board has no present intention of declaring any cash dividends. We are not prohibited from paying
any dividends pursuant to any agreement or contract. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans  

In September 2008, the Board adopted
our 2008 Stock Option Plan (the  2008 Plan ), which was also approved by our shareholders in September 2008. In May
2011, the board of directors adopted an amendment to our 2008 Plan (the  Amended 2008 Plan ), which was also approved
by our shareholders in August 2011. The Amended 2008 Plan increased the number of shares available for grant from 2,000,000 to
up to 5,000,000 shares of our common stock for awards to our officers, directors, employees and consultants. On February 15, 2012,
our stockholders approved an increase of 2,000,000 of shares of common stock available for issuance under the amended 2008 Stock
Option Plan (the  Plan ). As amended, the Plan provides for 7,000,000 shares of common stock for all awards. On February
24, 2016, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s 2008 Stock Option Plan, pursuant to which
the number of shares available under the plan was increase from 7,000,000 to 9,000,000 shares of common stock. Other provisions
of the Amended 2008 Plan remain the same as under our 2008 Plan. As of August 31, 2016, a total of 3,780,000 shares of our common
stock remained available for future grants under the Amended 2008 Plan. 

The following table sets forth certain information as
of August 31, 2016 concerning our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options or warrants or pursuant to purchases
of stock under the Amended 2008 Plan: 

Recent Sales
of Unregistered Securities During Fiscal 201  6  

Except as set forth below, all unregistered
sales of equity securities during the period covered by the Annual Report were previously disclosed in our current reports on Form
8-K or quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 

(A) 
     
         Common Stock Purchase Options
were issued pursuant to a consulting agreement. Options vested immediately. Each option is exercisable for a 5 year term at an
exercise price of $0.30. The options were issued outside of the Company s 2008 Stock Incentive Plan.   

(B) 

With respect to sales designated
        by  Sec. 4(a)(2),  these shares were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in to Section 4(a)(2)
        of the Securities Act as privately negotiated, isolated, non-recurring transactions not involving any public offer or solicitation.
        Each purchaser represented that such purchaser s intention to acquire the shares for investment only and not with a view
        toward distribution. None of the securities were sold through an underwriter and accordingly, there were no underwriting discounts
        or commissions involved.   

ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

Not applicable.  

ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

You should read the following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related
notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.  Our actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including, but not
limited to, those set forth under  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Annual Report.  

Overview  

We are a mining company engaged
in the business of the acquisition, exploration and, if warranted, development of mineral properties. We currently hold two nineteen
year leases, executed in September 2011 and November 2011, to explore and develop a 950 acre rare earths project located in Hudspeth
County, Texas known as the Round Top Project and prospecting permits covering an adjacent 9,345 acres. Our principal focus will
be on developing a metallurgical process to concentrate or otherwise extract the metals from the Round Top rhyolite, although we
will continue to examine other opportunities in the region as they develop. We currently have limited operations and have not established
that any of our projects or properties contain any Proven or Probable Reserves under SEC Industry Guide 7. Our operations are exploratory
in nature. 

We currently do not have any producing
properties and consequently, we have no current operating income or cash flow and have not generated any revenues. Further exploration
will be required before a final evaluation as to the economic and practical feasibility of any of our properties is determined. 

On December 23, 2013, we published
a revised version of the June 2012 Preliminary Economic Assessment (the  Revised PEA ) on the Round Top Project based
on a 20,000 tonne per day heap leach operation using a conventional element separation plant. The mineralized material estimate
was recalculated to include uranium, niobium, tantalum and tin. The revised PEA assesses the potential economic viability of the
simplified and  scaled down  operation which we believe is a much better fit with the present rare earth market. 

On September 8, 2014, we announced
that we had completed an internal analysis suggesting that there is a reasonable possibility to adapt a lower volume staged growth
approach to development of our Round Top project. The analysis indicated that an operation designed to produce a selected group
of separated REE products in the range of 350-450 tonnes per year range, could potentially yield favorable mine economics. The
goal of the proposed staged approach would be to increase mining rates if and when our products gained acceptability. The analysis
suggested that capital needs in the Revised PEA could be proportionally reduced in relation to the lower volume initial stage.
We are currently conducting a more detailed analysis of the relative capital expenses and operating expenses requirements of a
scaled down processing plant with both solvent extraction and ion exchange processes under evaluation. We believe the lower capital
requirements of a staged startup could offset any marginal increase in unit operating costs. 

Our current management and Board
are stockholder-centric, and receive either no cash compensation or much less than previous management. We will require definitive
scientific documentation, rigorous economic studies, consideration of a wide range of alternatives and meticulous oversight of
any cash outlays of stockholder funds. 

Current Plan of Operations  

Continued Work Program on Round Top Project   

See  Properties   Current
and Planned Metallurgical Activities  for a description of our current work activities and budget for the Round Top Project. 

Exploration Potential of the
Round Top Property   

Although we have no plans in the
next 24 months to conduct more physical exploration, we do believe, as stated in our 2010 presentations, that there are untested
exploration targets present. They are: 

1.  Uranium-beryllium mineralization at the lower contact of the rhyolite and the underlying sedimentary rock. This class of mineralization
was the target of the successful exploration program conducted in the late 1980 s by Cabot Corporation and Cyprus Exploration.
It appears to be structurally controlled and associated with a later phase of hydrothermal or gas phase deposition that occurred
sometime after the emplacement of the rhyolite. This fluorite-beryllium replacement mineralization in what is termed the West Side
Fault under the north side of Round Top was the topic of a 1988 in-house feasibility study by Cyprus Minerals to historical standards
(not NI 43-101 compliant under today s Canadian regulations, not an SEC Industry Guide 7 compliant feasibility study) to
produce beryllium. This zone is the location of the intact decline and lateral mine workings developed by Cyprus Minerals in 1988-89.
Sampling and analysis by TMRC indicates the presence of uranium mineralization occurring adjacent to and likely associated with
these beryllium bearing structures. This  Contact Zone  mineralization is not restricted to Round Top and is present
under the Sierra Blanca rhyolite and there is some evidence in drill holes on Little Blanca that this style of mineralization may
also be present there.   

2.  Uranium-beryllium-rare earth and other rare metals hosted as structurally controlled fluorite replacements in the limestones
at depth below the known deposits. Geologic and geochemical conditions are thought to be conducive for the emplacement of replacement
type deposits within the same fault zones that hosted the known beryllium-uranium deposits at depth where favorable host limestones
are present. We believe that careful compilation and analysis of existing surface geologic mapping and of the drill data may better
define these targets.   

We believe that using the existing
data we can improve our understanding of the exploration potential of the area without resorting to such expensive techniques such
as drilling. 

Actively Seeking Project Partners   

In addition to pursuing the exploration
of our Round Top Project, we are actively seeking industry partners to assist the Company in financing the exploration and, if
warranted, development of the Round Top Project. While we do not currently have any agreements and do not anticipate any agreements
in the near future, we are actively engaged in pursuing partners for the Round Top Project for a range of participation, including
but not limited to, joint-venture arrangements, project sale, significant investment in the Company, back-end processing and product
sales arrangements and other financing arrangements to assist in the Round Top Project. 

Development of the Northeastern
Pennsylvania Scandium Project.   

Development of the Scandium potential
of the Pagnotti Enterprises Inc. properties is proceeding along two paths. One is the application to the DOE for a Federal Grant.
The other is to seek private financing of the project. These two strategies are not mutually exclusive but also hold the option
of developing two or more of the deposits simultaneously. 

Recent Corporate Developments  

The following significant corporate
developments occurred during the year ended August 31, 2016 and the subsequent period through the filing of this Annual Report: 

Annual Meeting of Stockholders   

On February 24, 2016, we held our
annual general meeting of stockholders at the offices Sanders-Wingo Advertising, 201 North Kansas, 9 th  Floor Conference
Room, El Paso, Texas 79901at 9:30 a.m. local time. Stockholders representing 26,838,362 shares or 60.16% of the shares of common
stock authorized to vote (44,606,691) were present in person or by proxy, representing a quorum for the purposes of the annual
general meeting. The complete results of our annual meeting were filed on a Current Report on Form 8-K on March 1, 2016. 

On February 24, 2016, in connection
with the appointment of Mr. Wm. Chris Mathers as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Mr. G. Mike McDonald retired as Chief
Financial Officer of the Company. 

On February 29, 2016, Mr. Jack Lifton
resigned from the Board of Directors of Texas Mineral Resources Corp. for personal reasons. Mr. Lifton s resignation was
not the result of any disagreement with the Company regarding the Company s operations, policies or practices. The Company
would like to thank Mr. Lifton for his service. 

Name Change   

On March 21, 2016, we changed our
name from  Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp.  to  Texas Mineral Resources Corp. . In connection with the
name change we filed a certificate of amendment to our certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware. Management believes the name change reflects the broadening of the Company s strategic focus on other minerals
in addition to rare earth minerals, including lithium, potassium, magnesium, iron and aluminum sulfates. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of August 31, 2016, we had a
working capital deficit of approximately $856,000. We currently have no working capital and will need to raise additional funding
to implement our business strategy. 

During the current fiscal year ending
August 31, 2017, we plan to complete Stage 1of our metallurgical activities as discussed in the section heading  ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES  of this Annual Report. Our budget for this stage of activity was approximately $134,502. To date we have expended
approximately that amount on Stage 1 which is now complete. Estimated cost of Stage 2 is $2,015,454, $336,454 of which has been
spent; this phase, called milestone 1, of Stage 2 has been modified and augmented by the Defense Logistical Agency. There is no
guarantee that we will be able to raise the working capital necessary for balance of Stage 2 activities. After completion of Stage
1, we will use any remaining available capital to begin work on Stage 2 of our metallurgical activities. 

The audit opinion and notes that
accompany our financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2016, disclose a  going concern  qualification to
our ability to continue in business. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that we will
continue as a going concern. We are an exploration stage company and we have incurred losses since our inception. We do not have
sufficient cash to fund normal operations and meet debt obligations for the next 12 months without deferring payment on certain
current liabilities and raising additional funds. We believe that the going concern condition cannot be removed with confidence
until the Company has entered into a business climate where funding of its activities is more assured. 

We currently do not have funds to
pursue exploration or development work on any of our properties, which means that we will be required to raise additional capital,
enter into joint venture relationships, or find alternative means to finance our properties in order to place them into commercial
production, if warranted, or evaluate the possibility of selling one or more of our projects or the Company in its entirety. Failure
to obtain sufficient financing may result in the delay or indefinite postponement of exploration and, if warranted, development
or production on one or more of our properties and any properties we may acquire in the future or even a loss of property interests.
This includes our leases over claims covering the principal deposits on our properties, which may expire unless we expend minimum
levels of expenditures over the terms of such leases. We cannot be certain that additional capital or other types of financing
will be available if needed or that, if available, the terms of such financing will be favorable or acceptable to us. Our ability
to arrange additional financing in the future will depend, in part, on the prevailing capital market conditions as well as our
business performance. 

Results of Operations  

Fiscal Years ended August
31, 2016 and 2015   

Revenue  

We had no operating revenues during
the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. We are not currently profitable. As a result of ongoing operating losses, we had
an accumulated deficit of approximately $32.5 million as of August 31, 2016. 

Operating expenses and resulting
losses from Operations . 

We incurred exploration costs for
the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, in the amount of approximately $216,000 and $522,000, respectively. Expenditures
during fiscal year 2016 and 2015 were primarily for metallurgical testing. 

Our general and administrative expenses
for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 were approximately $988,000. This amount included approximately $189,000 in non-cash
stock-based compensation to directors and compensation to outside consultants. The remaining expenditures totaling approximately
$799,000 were primarily for payroll and related taxes and benefits, professional fees and other general and administrative expenses
necessary for our operations. 

Our general and administrative
expenses for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015 were approximately $1,450,000. This amount included approximately $440,000
in non-cash stock-based compensation to directors and compensation to outside consultants. The remaining expenditures totaling
approximately $1,010,000 were primarily for payroll and related taxes and benefits, professional fees and other general and administrative
expenses necessary for our operations. 

We had losses from operations for
the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 totaling approximately $1,204,000 and $1,973,000, respectively and net losses for
the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 totaling approximately $1,214,000 and $1,984,000. We have a gain on sale of asset
of approximately $6,000 and $0 for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, earned interest and other income
netting approximately $450 and $622 for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and accrued interest expense
of approximately $16,000 and $12,000 for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

For the fiscal years ended August
31, 2016 and 2015, we have off-balance sheet arrangements for annual payments in relation to the mineral leases as disclosed in
foot note 4 of the financial statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

The Company does not expect the
adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position,
or cash flow. 

Critical Accounting Estimates  

Management s discussion and
analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with GAAP. Preparation of financial statements requires management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingencies. Management
bases its estimates on various assumptions and historical experience, which are believed to be reasonable; however, due to the
inherent nature of estimates, actual results may differ significantly due to changed conditions or assumptions. On a regular basis,
management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are fairly
presented in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual
results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. Management believes that the following
critical accounting estimates and judgments have a significant impact on our financial statements; Valuation of options granted
to Directors and Officers using the Black-Scholes model, and fair value of mineral properties. The accounting policies are described
in greater detail in Note 2 to our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016. 

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

LBB   ASSOCIATES LTD., LLP 

 10260 Westheimer Road, Suite 310 

 Houston, TX 77042 

 Phone: (713) 800-4343 Fax: (713)
456-2408 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 

 Sierra Blanca, Texas 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Texas Mineral Resources Corp., (the  Company ) as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements
of operations, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
include consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Texas Mineral Resources Corp., as of August
31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company s absence of significant revenues, recurring losses from operations, and its need for additional financing in
order to fund its projected loss in 2017 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The 2016 financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/S/ LBB   ASSOCIATES LTD., LLP 

 LBB   Associates Ltd., LLP 

Houston, Texas 

 December 14, 2016 

TEXAS MINERAL RESOURCES CORP.  

BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

TEXAS MINERAL RESOURCES CORP.   

  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

TEXAS MINERAL RESOURCES CORP.  

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

TEXAS MINERAL RESOURCES CORP.  

STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

TEXAS MINERAL RESOURCES CORP.  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  AUGUST 31, 2016 AND 2015  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS  

Texas Rare Earth
Resources Corp (the  Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada in 1970. In July 2004, our articles of incorporation
were amended and restated to increase the authorized capital to 25,000,000 common shares and, in April 2007, we effected a 1 for
2 reverse stock split. In September 2008, our articles of incorporation were further amended and restated to increase the authorized
capital to 100,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.01 per share and to authorize 10,000,000 preferred shares with a par
value of $0.001 per share. Our fiscal year-end is August 31. 

Effective September
1, 2010, we changed our name from  Standard Silver Corporation  to  Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp.  We
are now a mining company engaged in the business of the acquisition and development of mineral properties. As of the date of this
filing, we hold two nineteen year leases, executed in September and November of 2011, to explore and develop a 950 acre rare earths
project located in Hudspeth County, Texas known as the Round Top Project and prospecting permits covering an adjacent 9,345 acres.
We also own unpatented mining claims in New Mexico. We are currently not evaluating any additional prospects, and intend to focus
primarily on the development of our Round Top rare earth prospect. 

On August 24,
2012, we changed our state of incorporation from the State of Nevada to the State of Delaware (the  Reincorporation )
pursuant to a plan of conversion dated August 24, 2012. The Reincorporation was previously submitted to a vote of, and approved
by, our stockholders at a special meeting of the stockholders held on April 25, 2012. 

On March 14,
2016, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to amend its Certificate
of Incorporation to change the name of the Company from  Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp  to  Texas Mineral Resources
Corp . The amendment was effective on March 21, 2016. The Certificate of Amendment did not make any other amendments to the
Company s Certificate of Incorporation. 

The financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in
the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company has incurred losses since inception resulting in an accumulated
deficit of approximately $32,500,000 as of August 31, 2016 and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business
raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to
meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management intends to
finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand and loans from directors and or private placement
of common stock. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation 

Our financial
records are maintained on the accrual basis of accounting whereby revenues are recognized when earned and expenses are recorded
when incurred, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP )   United States. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

We consider all
highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash
equivalents consist of demand deposits at commercial banks. We currently do not have cash deposits at financial institutions in
excess of federally insured limits. 

Property and Equipment 

Our property
and equipment consists primarily of vehicles, furniture and equipment, and are recorded at cost. Expenditures related to acquiring
or extending the useful life of our property and equipment are capitalized. Expenditures for repair and maintenance are charged
to operations as incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of 3-20 years. 

Lease Deposits 

From time to
time, the Company makes deposits in anticipation of executing leases. The deposits are capitalized upon execution of the applicable
agreements.  

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued)  

Long-lived Assets 

The Company reviews
the recoverability of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable through operations. To determine if these costs are in excess of their recoverable amount, periodic evaluation
of carrying value of capitalized costs and any related property and equipment costs are based upon expected future cash flows and/or
estimated salvage value in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC 360 ),  Property, Plant and Equipment.  The Company s assets susceptible to impairment analysis are
the mineral properties described in foot note 4. The Company has not incurred any impairment losses and, therefore, no impairment
is reflected in these financial statements as the mineral leases are in developments stages and are in good standing as of current,
see foot note 4. 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize
revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been performed, the sales price is fixed or determinable,
and collectability is probable. We have yet to generate any revenue. 

Mineral Exploration and Development
Costs 

All exploration
expenditures are expensed as incurred. Costs of acquisition and option costs of mineral rights are capitalized upon acquisition.
Costs incurred to maintain current production or to maintain assets on a standby basis are charged to operations. If the Company
does not continue with exploration after the completion of the feasibility study, the mineral rights will be expensed at that time.
Costs of abandoned projects are charged to mining costs including related property and equipment costs. To determine if these costs
are in excess of their recoverable amount, periodic evaluation of carrying value of capitalized costs and any related property
and equipment costs are based upon expected future cash flows and/or estimated salvage value in accordance with ASC 360-10-35-15,
 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.  Exploration costs were approximately $216,000 and $522,000 for the years ended
August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Share-based Payments 

The Company estimates
the fair value of share-based compensation using the Black-Scholes valuation model, in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718,
 Stock Compensation and ASC 505, Share-Based Payments . Key inputs and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock
options include the grant price of the award, the expected option term, volatility of our stock, the risk-free rate, and dividend
yield. Estimates of fair value are not intended to predict actual future events or the value ultimately realized by the option
holders, and subsequent events are not indicative of the reasonableness of the original estimates of fair value made by the Company. 

Amended 2008 Stock Option Plan 

In September
2008, the Board adopted our 2008 Stock Option Plan (the  2008 Plan ), which was also approved by our shareholders in
September 2008. In May 2011, the board of directors adopted an amendment to our 2008 Plan (the  Amended 2008 Plan ),
which was also approved by our shareholders in August 2011. The Amended 2008 Plan increased the number of shares available for
grant from 2,000,000 to up to 5,000,000 shares of our common stock for awards to our officers, directors, employees and consultants.
On February 15, 2012, our stockholders approved an increase of 2,000,000 of shares of common stock available for issuance under
the amended 2008 Stock Option Plan (the  Plan ). As amended, the Plan provides for 7,000,000 shares of common stock
for all awards. On February 24, 2016, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s 2008 Stock Option
Plan, pursuant to which the number of shares available under the plan was increase from 7,000,000 to 9,000,000 shares of common
stock. Other provisions of the Amended 2008 Plan remain the same as under our 2008 Plan. As of August 31, 2016, a total of 3,780,000
shares of our common stock remained available for future grants under the Amended 2008 Plan. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes
are computed using the asset and liability method, in accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes . Under the asset and liability
method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and
tax bases of assets and liabilities, and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is
provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized. 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share 

The Company computes
loss per share in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share , which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings
per share on the face of the Statements of Operations. Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common
shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during the period. Diluted loss per share gives effect
to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period, including stock options and warrants using the treasury
method. Dilutive loss per share excludes all potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

Use of Estimates 

The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Management believes that these financial statements include all normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation
under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Fair Value Measurements 

We account for
assets and liabilities measured at fair value in accordance with ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  ASC 820
emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Therefore, a fair value measurement
should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis
for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes
between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable
inputs that are classified with Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market
participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy).The three levels of inputs used to measure
fair value are as follows: 

Level 1: Observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets.  

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.  

Level 3: Inputs that are generally unobservable. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management s best estimate of fair value.  

Our financial
instruments consist principally of cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities and note payable. The carrying amounts of such
financial instruments in the accompanying financial statements approximate their fair values due to their relatively short-term
nature. It is management s opinion that the Company is not exposed to any significant currency or credit risks arising from
these financial instruments. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Pronouncements
between August 31, 2016 and the date of this filing are not expected to have a significant impact on our operations, financial
position, or cash flow, nor does the Company expect the adoption of recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements
to have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Joint Venture 

On July 15, 2015, we entered into
an operating agreement ( Operating Agreement ) with K-Tech, to formalize our joint venture company, Reetech, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (the  Reetech ), for the purposes of developing, refining and marketing K-Tech s
CIX/CIC process pursuant to the February 24, 2015 letter of intent with K-Tech. Pursuant to the Operating Agreement, K-Tech holds
an initial interest of 97.21% of Reetech for the contribution of its technology pursuant to a license to Reetech (the  Reetech
License) and TMRC holds an initial interest of 2.79% pursuant to its contribution of cash payment of $391,000 to the prior development
of the contributed Technology for the purposes of the joint venture. TMRC has the ability to earn a 49.9% interest in Reetech by
contributing up to $7.0 million in cash contributions upon the satisfaction of certain development milestones. Reetech is governed
by a board of managers comprised of three managers: one manager appointed by the Company, one manager appointed by K-Tech and one
manager appointed by mutual agreement of the Company and K-Tech. 

The Company
uses the cost method to account for its investment in the joint venture. Under the cost method, the Company recognizes its share
of the earnings and losses of the joint venture as they accrue instead of when they are realized. We have elected to expense the
initial investment amount of $391,000 as exploration expenses. Based upon information available we have determined there are no
significant potential loss liabilities. The Company s interest in the joint venture remains $0.  

NOTE 3  
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

Property and equipment consist of
office furniture, equipment and vehicles. The property and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over their
estimated useful life of 3-20 years. Our property and equipment, net consist of the following: 

Depreciation
expense for the years ending August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $27,737 and $35,650, respectively and is included in general and administrative
expenses. 

NOTE 4  
MINERAL PROPERTIES  

September 2011 Lease  

On September
2, 2011, we entered into a new mining lease with the Texas General Land Office covering Sections 7 and 18 of Township 7, Block
71 and Section 12 of Block 72, covering approximately 860 acres at Round Top Mountain in Hudspeth County, Texas. The mining lease
issued by the Texas General Land Office gives us the right to explore, produce, develop, mine, extract, mill, remove, and market
beryllium, uranium, rare earth elements, all other base and precious metals, industrial minerals and construction materials and
all other minerals excluding oil, gas, coal, lignite, sulfur, salt, and potash. The term of the lease is nineteen years so long
as minerals are produced in paying quantities. 

Under the lease,
we will pay the State of Texas a lease bonus of $142,518; $44,718 of which was paid upon the execution of the lease, and $97,800
which will be due when we submit a supplemental plan of operations to conduct mining. Upon the sale of minerals removed from Round
Top, we will pay the State of Texas a $500,000 minimum advance royalty. 

Thereafter,
we will pay the State of Texas a production royalty equal to eight percent (8%) of the market value of uranium and other fissionable
materials removed and sold from Round Top and six and one quarter percent (61/4%) of the market value of all other minerals removed
and sold from Round Top. 

Thereafter,
assuming production of paying quantities has not been obtained, we may pay additional delay rental fees to extend the term of
the lease for successive one (1) year periods pursuant to the following schedule: 

In August 2016,
we paid a delay rental to the State of Texas in the amount of $67,077. 

November 2011 Lease  

On November
1, 2011, we entered into a mining lease with the State of Texas covering 90 acres, more or less, of land that we purchased in September
2011 near our Round Top site. The deed was recorded with Hudspeth County on September 16, 2011. Under the lease, we paid the State
of Texas a lease bonus of $20,700 which was paid upon the execution of the lease. Upon the sale of minerals removed from Round
Top, we will pay the State of Texas a $50,000 minimum advance royalty. Thereafter, we will pay the State of Texas a production
royalty equal to eight percent (8%) of the market value of uranium and other fissionable materials removed and sold from Round
Top and six and one quarter percent (6 1/4%) of the market value of all other minerals sold from Round Top. 

Thereafter,
assuming production of paying quantities has not been obtained, we may pay additional delay rental fees to extend the term of the
lease for successive one (1) year periods pursuant to the following schedule: 

NOTE 4  
MINERAL PROPERTIES (Continued)  

In October 2016,
we paid a delay rental to the State of Texas of $6,750. 

March 2013 Lease  

On March 6,
2013, we entered into a lease assignment (the  Lease Assignment Agreement ) with Southwest Range   Wildlife Foundation,
Inc., a Texas non-profit corporation (the  Foundation ), pursuant to which the Foundation agreed to assign to us a
surface lease identified with the State of Texas as Surface Lease SL20040002 (the  West Lease ), which covers 54,990.11
acres in Hudspeth County, Texas. In exchange for the West Lease, we agreed to: (i) pay the Foundation $500,000 in cash; (ii) issue
1,063,830 of our common shares, par value $0.01 (the  Common Shares ); and (iii) make ten (10) payments to the Foundation
of $45,000 each. The first payment was made in June 2013, and the nine (9) subsequent payments due on or before June 1 of each
of the following years, such payments to be used by the Foundation to support conservation efforts within the Rio Grande Basin.
The Lease Assignment Agreement contains standard representations, warranties and covenants. The closing of the transaction contemplated
by the Lease Assignment Agreement was completed on March 8, 2013. As of August 31, 2016
the fourth annual payment of $45,000 was not paid on June 2016, however the Company has received a waiver until May 31, 2017
for payment. 

October 2014 Surface Option  

In October 2014, we executed an agreement
with the Texas General Land Office securing the option to purchase the surface rights covering the potential Round Top project
mine and plant areas, and separately a lease to develop the water necessary for the potential Round Top project mine operations. 

The option to purchase the surface rights
covers approximately 5,670 acres over the mining lease and the additional acreage adequate to site all potential heap leaching
and processing operations as currently anticipated by the Company. We may exercise the option for all or part of the option acreage
at any time during the sixteen year primary term of the mineral lease. The option can be kept current by an annual payment of $10,000,
which has not been paid as of December 14, 2016. The purchase price will be the appraised value of the surface at the time of exercising
the option. 

The ground water lease secures our right
to develop the ground water within a 13,120 acre lease area located approximately 4 miles from the Round Top deposit. The lease
area contains five existing water wells. It is anticipated that all potential water needs for the Round Top project mine operations
would be satisfied by the existing wells covered by this water lease. This lease has an annual minimum production payment of $5,000
prior to production of water for the operation, which has not been paid as of December 14, 2016. After initiation of production
we will pay $0.95 per thousand gallons or $20,000 annually, whichever is greater. This lease remains effective as long as the mineral
lease is in effect. 

The Pagnotti Enterprises Inc.
Memorandum of Understanding   

On June 28, 2016 TMRC executed a Memorandum of understanding
with Pagnotti Enterprises Inc. ( PEI ) of Wilkes Barre, Pennsylvania, owners of the Jeddo Coal Co., whereby under specified
terms TMRC could lease one or more of Jeddo s deposits located in the anthracite region of northeast Pennsylvania. Research
by the Department of Energy (DOE) has shown that these coal deposits and the sandstones and siltstones immediately associated with
them contain anomalously high values of rare earth and on particular interest, Scandium. The DOE research to date has indicated
that the rare earth can be efficiently extracted from pulverized rock using ammonium sulfate as the lixiviant. TMRC is in the process
of preparing an application for a federal grant to design and construct a continuous ion exchange/continuous ion chromatography
(CIX/CIC) pilot plant to be delivered to a designated project area in the Appalachian cold province. TMRC and its co-applicants,
K-Tech, Inventure Renewables, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama and Penn State University are proposing to plan, develop, design and install
the CIX/CIC pilot plant at one of the Jeddo Coal properties. The award of this grant is expected to be in March 2017. The application
for this award is competitive and others are participating. 

Under the terms of the Memorandum
of Understanding (MOU) signed 28 June 2016, TMRC had a six months term to perform the necessary due diligence and to technically
and economically evaluate the properties. Upon execution of the MOU TMRC and PEI will have six months to draft and execute a formal
lease agreement containing all the standard terms of mining lease agreements. TMRC will be obligated to pay a $5,000 per month
rental or a 12% royalty whichever is greater upon execution of the lease with PEI. TMRC has asked for and received an extension
of the original six months due diligence period to the new due date of June 30, 2017.  

NOTE 5   NOTES PAYABLE  

In relation
to the Foundation lease discussed in Note 4 the Company recorded a note payable for an amount for the initial $45,000 due upon
signing of lease and the nine (9) future payments due of $45,000 which has been recorded at its present value discounted with an
imputed interest rate of 5% for a total note payable of $364,852. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 we have not paid
the fourth installment of our surface lease in the amount of $45,000 to the Southwest Wildlife Foundation. As a result the full
amount of the note payable has been classified as currently due. The Company has received
a waiver till May 31, 2017 for the June 2016 payment. The note payable balance as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $260,387
and $290,845, respectively. The Company has also accrued interest expense as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 of $18,750 and $18,292,
respectively which is included in accrued liabilities. 

Note Settlement Agreements  

On August 26, 2015 we issued promissory
notes to two individuals for $40,000 each for total loan proceeds of $80,000, due on November 24, 2015 (due on demand upon default),
non-interest bearing, and unsecured. As additional consideration for the loan, we issued 80,000 common stock purchase warrants
to each individual. The warrants have an exercise price of $0.20 and term of five years. The promissory note has a relative fair
value of $56,766 and the warrants has a relative fair value of $23,234 at the date of issuance determined using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. The assumptions used to calculate the fair market value are as follows: (i) risk-free interest rate of 1.49%
(ii) estimated volatility of 198% (iii) dividend yield of 0.00% and (iv) expected life of the warrants of five years. 

In connection with our offering of
Units (See Note 7), on December 7, 2015, we entered into two separate note settlement agreements with Leo E Mindel Non-GST Exempt
Family Trust and Sunny Mindel (collectively, the  Holders ), respectively (the  Note Settlement Agreements ).
Pursuant to the Note Settlement Agreements, each Holder agreed that in exchange for each $40,000 principal amount unsecured note
of the Company due November 24, 2015 (each a  Note ) held by each Holder, that each Holder would reinvest the amounts
due and payable under the Notes into the Offering and the amounts due and payable thereunder would be settled by issuing Units.
In connection with the Offering (See Note 7) and the Note Settlement Agreements, we issued 200,000 Units to each Holder for the
exchange and cancellation of each Note and the amounts due and payable thereunder held by each Holder. 

Settlement Agreement  

In connection with the offering of
Units, on December 7, 2015, we entered into a settlement agreement (the  Settlement Agreement ) with Southwest Range
  Wildlife Foundation ( Southwest ). On March 3, 2013, we entered into a lease assignment agreement (the  Lease
Agreement ) pursuant to which Southwest assigned to the Company its surface lease covering property located in Hudspeth County,
Texas in exchange for the Company agreeing, in part, to pay Southwest ten (10) payments of $45,000 each, payable on June 1 each
year beginning June 1, 2013 . The Company had not paid the $45,000 payment due and payable to Southwest on June 1, 2015. Pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement, Southwest agreed to invest $10,000 of the amounts due and payable under the Lease Agreement into Units
issued in connection with the Offering. In connection with the Settlement Agreement, we issued 50,000 Units to Southwest in exchange
for the investment of $10,000 of the amounts due and payable under the Lease Agreement into Units issued in the Offering. The remaining
amount due was paid in cash on December 7, 2015. 

The total amount of notes payable
converted as mentioned above in connection with the Offering was $90,000. 

On July 1, 2016 the Company entered
into two loans for $2,500 each from two directors of the Company. The loans are due July 1, 2017, non-interest accruing, and unsecured.
As additional consideration for the loans, we issued 5,000 common stock purchase warrants to each individual. The warrants have
an exercise price of $0.10 and term of five years. The loans have a relative fair value of $3,815 and the warrants have a relative
fair value of $1,185 at the date of issuance determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The assumptions used to
calculate the fair market value are as follows: (i) risk-free interest rate of 1.00% (ii) estimated volatility of 185% (iii) dividend
yield of 0.00% and (iv) expected life of the warrants of five years. 

NOTE 6   INCOME TAXES   

The
following table sets forth a reconciliation of the federal income tax benefit to the United States federal statutory rate for
the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015:  

The
tax effects of the temporary differences between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as a
deferred tax asset and liability.  Significant components of the deferred tax assets are set out below along with a
valuation allowance to reduce the net deferred tax asset to zero.  

Management
has established a valuation allowance because of the potential that the tax benefits underlying deferred tax asset may not be
realized.  Significant components of our deferred tax asset at August 31, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:  

As
a result of a change in control effective in April 2007, our net operating losses prior to that date may be partially or entirely
unavailable, by law, to offset future income and, accordingly, are excluded from the associated deferred tax asset.  

The
gross net operating loss carryforward in the approximate amount of $12,178,000 will begin to expire in 2022.  We file
income tax returns in the United States and in one state jurisdiction.  With few exceptions, we are no longer subject
to United States federal income tax examinations for fiscal years ending before 2011, and is no longer subject to state tax examinations
for years before 2010.  

We
also record any financial statement recognition and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return.  Financial statement recognition of the tax position is dependent on an assessment of a 50% or
greater likelihood that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. 
Any interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recorded as interest expense. We believe we have no uncertain
tax positions at August 31, 2016 and 2015.  

NOTE 7  
SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, with a par value of $0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 preferred
shares with a par value of $0.001 per share.  

  All
shares of common stock have equal voting rights and, when validly issued and outstanding, are entitled to one non-cumulative vote
per share in all matters to be voted upon by shareholders. The shares of common stock have no pre-emptive, subscription, conversion
or redemption rights and may be issued only as fully paid and non-assessable shares. Holders of the common stock are entitled
to equal ratable rights to dividends and distributions with respect to the common stock, as may be declared by our Board of Directors
(our  Board ) out of funds legally available. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs
of the Corporation, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment or provision for all liabilities and any preferential liquidation rights of any preferred stock then outstanding.  

  During
prior year on January 21, 2015 we completed our previously announced rights offering. We raised approximately $940,000 in aggregate
gross proceeds, before expenses, through shareholder subscriptions for 4,272,275 Units including the exercise of over-subscription
rights. Each Unit consisting of one share of the Company s common stock, one five year non-transferable Class A warrant
exercisable for one share of the Company s common stock at $0.35 per share and one five-year non-transferable Class B warrant
exercisable for one share of the Company s common stock at $0.50 per share. The Black-Scholes pricing model was used
to estimate the relative fair value of the 8,544,550 warrants issued during the period, using the assumptions of a risk free interest
rate of 1.39%, dividend yield of 0%, volatility of 195%, and an expected life of 5 years. The Class A and B warrants have a relative
fair value of approximately $305,000 and $303,000 respectively and recorded in additional paid-in capital.  

On
December 7, 2015, we closed a private placement ( Offering ) of the Company s units with various accredited
investors for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of approximately $569,500 in cash and $90,000 for conversion of notes payable.
Each unit issued ( Units ) in the Offering consists of: (i) one share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.01
per share and (ii) two common stock purchase warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Common Share at
a price of $0.35 per warrant Share until December 7, 2020. The common stock has a relative fair value of $224,595 and the warrants
have a relative fair value of $434,905 at the date of issuance determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The assumptions
used to calculate the fair market value are as follows: (i) risk-free interest rate of 1.59-1.70 (ii) estimated volatility of
191% (iii) dividend yield of 0.00% and (iv) expected life of the options of five years.  

In
connection with the Offering, we entered into Subscription Agreements by and between us and each Subscriber in which we issued
to the Subscribers an aggregate of 3,297,500 Units at a per Unit purchase price of $0.20.  

The
sale and issuance of the Units, the Common Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares issuable upon the conversion or exercise
therein were issued or will be issued pursuant to the exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder as a transaction by an issuer not involving
a public offering, in which the investors are accredited and have acquired the securities for investment purposes only and not
with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof. Such securities may not be offered or sold in the United
States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.  

  From
September 2015 through August 2016 the Board approved a total grant of 120,000 options to a consultant to the Company. The options
are exercisable at $0.30 per share for a period of five years. All options vest immediately. With respect to these options, the
Black-Scholes pricing model was used to estimate the fair value of the 120,000 options issued during the period to this advisor,
using the assumptions of a risk free interest rate of 1.21% to 1.78%, dividend yield of 0%, volatility of 182% to 191%, and an
expected life of 5 years. These options were expensed immediately in the amount of approximately $19,471.  

  We
have recognized stock compensation expense of $106,785 for 1,425,000 stock options issued in prior year to members of the board.
The remaining expense to be recognized is $0.  

  During
the year ended August 31, 2016 the Company recognized approximately $62,500 in stock compensation expense for 276,017 common shares
issued to outside consultants for services.  

  As
of August 31, 2016 the Company received proceeds of $71,500 for units of our common stock from various investors. As of the date
of this filing, the Company has not received the investors  subscription agreements for the shares. Consequently, these
shares have not yet been issued but we anticipate that we will receive the subscription agreements in the near future and at which
time we will issue the shares of our common stock to the investors.  

  We have 44,941,532
shares of our common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2016.  

NOTE 7  
SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (Continued)   

The
following table sets forth certain information as of August 31, 2016 and 2015 concerning our common stock that may be issued upon
the exercise of options not under the Amended 2008 plan and pursuant to purchases of stock under the Amended 2008 Plan:  

NOTE 7  
SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (Continued)   

Warrants   

Warrant activity for the years ended
August 31, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:   

NOTE 8   RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS   

The Company had accounts payable to
related parties in the amount of approximately $350,000 and $111,000 as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

The Company rents office space on a
month to month basis of $1,600 from a director. Rent expense for August 31, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $15,000 and $300,
respectively. The entire space is currently subleased to a tenant.  

NOTE 9   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

As of December 14, 2016 the Company
has not paid their annual renewal option for the October 2014 Surface Option and ground water lease of $15,000 total. As a result
this could affect the viability of the West Lease from Southwest Range   Wildlife Foundation, Inc.  

ITEM 9.  CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

None.  

ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

At the end of the
period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, an evaluation was carried out
under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO )
and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation
the CEO and the CFO have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective in ensuring that: (i) information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or
submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow for accurate and timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Management
determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective during the period covered by this Annual Report because
during the period the Company held its annual meeting of stockholders on February 24, 2016, but failed to include in its proxy
statement for the meeting prepared under Regulation 14A of the Securites Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ), an advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers as was required under Rule 14a-21(a)
under the Exchange Act. The omission was inadvertent and the Company intends to include the advisory vote to approve the compensation
of its named executive officers in its proxy statement under Regulation 14A for its next annual meeting of stockholders to be
held in early 2017. The Company is implementing additional internal procedures, to ensure that all requirements, including the
requirements of Rule 14a-21, are met in future filings.  

   Management s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting   

Our management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by,
or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:  

pertain
    to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
    of our assets;   

provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
    authorizations of our management and directors; and   

provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detections of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
    that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

Our
management assessed the effectiv  eness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
August 31, 2016. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2016 (COSO). Based on our assessment,
we have concluded that, as of August 31, 2016, our internal controls over financial reporting were effective based on those criteria.  

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm      

This Annual Report
does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant
to Section 404(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, which provides that issuers that are not an  accelerated
filer  or  large accelerated filer  are exempt from the requirement to provide an auditor attestation report.  

Changes to Internal
Control over Financial Reporting   

There have not
been changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended August 31, 2016 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION   

None.  

PART
III   

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   

The following table sets forth
certain information with respect to our current directors and executive officers.  The term for each director expires
at our next Annual Meeting or until his or her successor is appointed and qualified.  The ages of the directors and
officers are shown as of November 21, 2016.  

Directors   

   Daniel E. Gorski   
Mr. Gorski has served as a director of the Company since January 2006 and as the Company s chief executive officer since
August 2012.  Prior thereto, Mr. Gorski served as the Company s president and chief executive officer from January
2007 to May 2011 and chief operating officer from May 2011 to December 2011.  From July 2004 to January 2006, Mr. Gorski
was the co-founder and vice president of operations for High Plains Uranium Inc., a uranium exploration and development company
that went public on the Toronto Stock Exchange in December 2005.  Between June 1996 to May 2004, Mr. Gorski served as
an officer and director of Metalline Mining Co., a publicly traded mining and development company with holdings in the Sierra
Mojada Mining District, Coahuila, Mexico.  From January 1992 to June 1996, Mr. Gorski was the exploration geologist
under contract to USMX Inc. and worked exclusively in Latin America.  Mr. Gorski earned a BS in 1960 from Sul Ross State
College, in Alpine, Texas and an MA in 1970 from the University of Texas in Austin, Texas.  Mr. Gorski has over forty-three
years of experience in the mining industry.  

  Mr. Gorski s extensive
technical knowledge and experience in the mining industry combined with his historical relationship with the Company s principal
property, the Round Top project, permits Mr. Gorski to provide the Board with valuable insight to the exploration and development
of the Round Top project. Accordingly, the Board believes that Mr. Gorski should serve on the Board.  

   Anthony Marchese 
  Mr. Marchese has served as a director since December 2009.  Since May 2012, Mr. Marchese has served
as a Managing Director of the Capital Markets Group at TriPoint Global Equities, LLC, a New York based FINRA member
broker/dealer.  Mr. Marchese also serves as the general partner and chief investment officer of the Insiders Trend
Fund, LP, an investment partnership whose mandate is to invest in those public companies whose officers and/or directors have
been active acquirers of their own stock.  Mr. Marchese s prior experience includes Axiom Capital Management,
Inc. (Managing Director   2011-2012), Monarch Capital Group, LLC (President and Chief Operating Officer   2003 to
2011), Laidlaw Equities (senior vice president - April 1997 to March 2002), Southcoast Capital (senior vice president  
May 1988 to April 1997), Oppenheimer   Co (limited partner   September 1982 to May 1988), Prudential-Bache (vice
president   July 1981 to August 1982) and the General Motors Corporation (analyst   June 1980 to June
1981).  Mr. Marchese served in the military with the Army Security Agency and the U.S. Army Intelligence and
Security Command.  Mr. Marchese received an MBA in Finance from the University of Chicago.  

Mr. Marchese provides the Board
with exceptional leadership and management knowledge, having gained extensive management and corporate finance experience during
the course of his career. Mr. Marchese s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills described above led
the Board to conclude that Mr. Marchese should serve as a member of the Board of Directors.  

    Cecil C. Wall
   Cecil C. Wall was born in Duchene County, Utah in 1931. Mr. Wall attended Carbon County College and Utah State
University. In 1969, he acquired control of a publicly traded company, Altex Oil Co. (formerly known as Mountain Valley
Uranium), listed on the American Stock Exchange. Under Mr. Wall s leadership, Altex established a 20,000 acre position
in what became the Greater Altamont Field at Altamont, Utah. Mr. Wall sold his interest in Altex in 1985. Mr. Wall was also
part of the founding group for the 2007 reorganization of Standard Silver Corp. which became TMRC. He sat on the TMRC board
of directors and served as the Secretary and Treasurer from January 2004 to April 2012. He is currently the manager for
C-Wall Investment Company, LLC, a Utah Limited Liability Company. In addition, he is the president of several family-owned
private companies, and he brings wide business experience and close relations with many of the original
shareholders.  

  Mr. Wall s past experience
with the Company as its Secretary and Treasurer and his past experience with public companies serve the Board at this time by
providing needed guidance on public company matters and insight into the Company s historical operations. Mr. Wall s
specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills described above led the Board to conclude that Mr. Wall should serve
as a member of the Board of Directors.  

    Dr. Nicholas
Pingitore    Dr. Nicholas Pingitore was born in New York City in 1944. Dr. Pingitore holds an AB degree from
Columbia College (NYC, 1965) and a Masters (ScM) and PhD from Brown University (Providence RI, 1968   1973) in Geology.
Since 1977, he has held a full-time faculty appointment at UTEP. In addition to being a Texas Licensed Geoscientist, Dr.
Pingitore is a member of the American Chemical Society, Geochemical Society, American Association for the Advancement of
Science, American Geophysical Union, Materials Research Society, Mineralogical Society of America, Society for American
Archaeology, Society for Commercial Archaeology, American Rock Art Research Association, International Society for Reef
Studies, Society of Economic Paleontologists and Mineralogists, and Society of the Sigma Xi. He has served for 25 years as
Director of UTEP s Electron Microprobe Laboratory, and he expects to use this instrument to study the Round Top
minerals. The 2,500-foot-square geochemical laboratory that Dr. Pingitore also anticipates using to conduct research
sponsored by TMRC includes three x-ray fluorescence units, a high resolution inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometer,
various optical microscopes, and sample preparation facilities. Since 2000, he has been project director of approximately
$7,000,000 in research funding, and a co-investigator on another $10,000,000 in grants. He has established a record for
successfully managing and completing large institutional projects on time and on budget. Dr. Pingitore considers Round Top to
be a national treasure. He is ready to bring his wide geologic and chemical experience, his project skills, and his
insight from decades of investment in the extractive industries, to help unlock the riches of this deposit.  

  Mr. Pingitore s extensive
experience and education in geology bring valuable expertise to the Board in relation to the Board s oversight of the Company s
exploration and potential development activities at its Round Top project.  Mr. Pingitore s specific experience,
qualifications, attributes and skills described above led the Board to conclude that Mr. Pingitore should serve as a member of
the Board of Directors.  

   Laura Lynch    Ms. Lynch
is a graduate of the University of Texas at Austin. Ms. Lynch is currently a Partner at the CL Ranch, a ranching/farming/mining
operation in Hudspeth County. CL ranch is active in the mining and distribution of gypsum. Ms. Lynch has deep ties to the El Paso,
Ft. Worth and Austin business communities and currently works as the Vice President of External Affairs to the Company pursuant
to a consulting agreement in which Ms. Lynch assists the Company in community relations and land acquisition.  

  Ms. Lynch s business community
ties in Ft. Worth and Austin and her deep connections throughout Texas provide valuable insight to the Board in relation to the
Board s oversight of the Company s Texas operations and provides valuable resources for the Board s role in
guiding project development and financing.  Ms. Lynch s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills
described above led the Board to conclude that Ms. Lynch should serve as a member of the Board of Directors.  

Dr. James R. Wolfe 
  Dr. Wolfe and the firm he co-founded in 1995, Pacific Materials Resources, Inc. ( PMR ), were among the
pioneers of the China-U.S. rare earth industry and trade. As Vice President of PMR from 1995 to 2010, Dr. Wolfe interfaced
between the major rare earth producers in China and a broad spectrum of rare earth consumers in the U.S. Prior to founding
PMR, from 1992 to 1995, Dr. Wolfe was President of MPV Lanthanides, Inc., a rare earth joint venture between China
Metallurgical Import/Export of Inner Mongolia and U.S. interests. From 1979 to 1995, Dr. Wolfe s professional interests
centered on resource recovery from industrial and mining wastes. He served as a consultant to the steel industry, co-founded
Exmet Corporation (zinc from smelter dust) and served as Executive Vice President of Williams Strategic Metals, Inc. and its
predecessor, Nedlog Technology Group, Inc. Dr. Wolfe developed and implemented projects for the recovery of cobalt from
slags, indium from smelter dusts, and rare earths from mine tailings. In 1970, while he was employed by the Lawrence
Livermore Laboratory, Dr. Wolfe invented and patented a plasma method for producing ultra-fine refractory metal carbides. He
co-founded Cal-Met Industries, Inc. in 1973 to commercialize the plasma technology. Cal-Met was bought by Fansteel
Corporation in 1975. Dr. Wolfe was employed by Fansteel from 1975 to 1979 to implement the plasma technology for the
manufacture of drill bits and cutting tools. Dr. Wolfe was employed by the AVCO Corporation as a space research scientist
from 1965 to 1968, while working for his doctorate. Dr. Wolfe received his BS and MS in Metallurgical Engineering from the
University of Washington and his PhD from the University of Missouri-Rolla in 1968. He is currently the Secretary and Trustee
of The Biella Foundation.  

  Mr. Wolf s experience and
knowledge in the rare earth sector and his education metallurigcal engineering are valuable to the Board as it assesses its potential
mine development plan at its exploration stage Round Top project.  Mr. Wolf s specific experience, qualifications,
attributes and skills described above led the Board to conclude that Mr. Wolf should serve as a member of the Board of Directors.  

   Arrangements between Officers
and Directors   

  To our knowledge, there
is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers and any other person, including directors, pursuant to which the
officer was selected to serve as an officer.  

   Family Relationships   

  None of our Directors are related
by blood, marriage, or adoption to any other Director, executive officer, or other key employees.  

   Other Directorships   

  Except as listed below, no directors
of the Company are also directors of issuers with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the United States
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (the   Exchange Act  ) (or which otherwise are required to
file periodic reports under the Exchange Act).  

  Anthony Marchese                   GeoTech
Solutions, Inc.  

   Legal Proceedings   

  No director or officer of the
Company is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or has a material interest adverse to the Company or any
of its subsidiaries.  During the past ten years, no director or executive officer of the Company has:  

(a)  
      filed
    or has had filed against such person, a petition under the U.S. federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law, nor has
    a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer been appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any
    partnership in which such person was a general partner, at or within two years before the time of filing, or any corporation
    or business association of which such person was an executive officer, at or within two years before such filings;   

(b)       
      been
    convicted or pleaded guilty or  nolo contendere  in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal
    proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences);   

(c)          
      been
    the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
    jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting such person s activities
    in any type of business, securities, trading, commodity or banking activities;   

(d)         
      been
    the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any U.S. federal or state
    authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of
    business, securities, trading, commodity or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;   

(e)  
      been
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ),
    or by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a U.S. federal or state securities or commodities law,
    and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;   
 
      (f)        
      been
    the subject of, or a party to, any U.S. federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
    subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any U.S. federal or state securities
    or commodities law or regulation; or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies
    including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty
    or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting
    mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or   

(g)      
      been
    the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
    organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C.78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined
    in Section 1(a)(29) of the U.S.  Commodity Exchange Act  (7 U.S.C.1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association,
    entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.   

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE   

   Board of Directors Structure   

  The Company s current bylaws
require the Board to consist of one or more directors, the number of directors to be determined from time to time by resolution
of the stockholders or by resolution of the Board.  The current Board is composed of six directors.  

   Director Independence   

  The Company has six   directors
as of November 21, 2016, including four independent directors, as follows:  

Anthony
    Marchese   

Cecil
    Wall   

Nicholas
    Pingitore   

James
    R Wolfe   
 
  An  independent 
director is a director whom the Board has determined satisfies the requirements for independence under Section 803A of the NYSE
MKT Company Guide.  

   Meetings of the Board and
Board Member Attendance at Annual Meeting   

  During the fiscal year ending
August 31, 2016, the Board held three (3) meetings of the Board.  None of the incumbent Directors attended fewer than
75% of the board meetings which occurred during their tenure on the Board.  

  Board members are not required
to attend the Annual Meeting.  

Communications to the Board   

  Stockholders who are interested
in communicating directly with members of the Board, or the Board as a group, may do so by writing directly to the individual
Board member c/o Corporate Secretary, at 1124 24 th  Street, Galveston, Texas 77550. The Company s Secretary will
forward communications directly to the appropriate Board member.  If the correspondence is not addressed to the particular
member, the communication will be forwarded to a Board member to bring to the attention of the Board.  The Company s
Secretary will review all communications before forwarding them to the appropriate Board member.  

   Board Committees   

  The Board has established three
board committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee.  

  The information below sets out
the current members of each of the Company s board committees and summarizes the functions of each of the committees in
accordance with their mandates.  

   Audit Committee and Audit
Committee Financial Experts   

  The Company has a standing Audit
Committee and audit committee charter, which complies with Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
   Exchange Act   ), and the requirements of the NYSE MKT. The Audit Committee was established in accordance
with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee is comprised of three (3) directors all of whom, in the opinion
of the Board, are independent (in accordance with Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the requirements of Section 803A the NYSE
MKT Company Guide) and financially literate (pursuant to the requirements of Section 803B of the NYSE MKT Company Guide): Anthony
Marchese (Chairman), Cecil Wall and Nicholas Pingitore.  Mr. Marchese is a  financial expert  as defined
under Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and meets the requirements for financial sophistication under the requirements of Section
803B of the NYSE MKT Company Guide.  

  The Audit Committee is responsible
for the oversight of the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes.  This includes the selection
and engagement of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and review of the scope of the annual audit,
audit fees and results of the audit.    

  The Audit Committee meets with
our management and our external auditors to review matters affecting financial reporting, the system of internal accounting and
financial controls and procedures and the audit procedures and audit plans. The Audit Committee reviews our significant financial
risks, is involved in the appointment of senior financial executives and annually reviews our insurance coverage and any off-balance
sheet transactions.  

  The Audit Committee monitors
the Company s audit and the preparation of financial statements and all financial disclosure contained in the Company s
SEC filings. The Audit Committee appoints the Company s external auditors, monitors their qualifications and independence
and determines the appropriate level of their remuneration. The external auditors report directly to the Audit Committee. The
Audit Committee has the authority to terminate the Company s external auditors  engagement and approve in advance
any services to be provided by the external auditors that are not related to the audit.  

  During the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2016, the Audit Committee met once. A copy of the Audit Committee charter is available on the Company s website
at www.TMRC.com.    

   Audit Committee Report   

  The Company s Audit Committee
oversees the Company s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board.  The Committee has three (3) members,
each of whom is  independent  as determined under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the rules of the NYSE MKT. The
Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board.  

  The Committee assists the
Board by overseeing the (1) integrity of the Company s financial reporting and internal control, (2) independence and performance
of the Company s independent auditors, (3) and provides an avenue of communication between management, the independent auditors
and the Board.  

  In the course of providing
its oversight responsibilities regarding the audited annual financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2016, the Committee
reviewed the audited annual financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2016 with management and the Company s independent
auditors. The Committee reviewed accounting principles, practices, and judgments as well as the adequacy and clarity of the notes
to the financial statements.  

The Committee reviewed the independence
and performance of the independent auditors who are responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial
statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and such other matters as required to be communicated
by the independent auditors in accordance with Statement of Auditing Standards 61, as superseded by Statement of Auditing Standard
114   the Auditor s Communication With Those Charged With Governance, as modified or supplemented.  

  The Committee meets with the
independent auditors to discuss their audit plans, scope and timing on a regular basis, with or without management present. The
Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors required by applicable requirements
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board for independent auditor communications with Audit Committees concerning independence,
as may be modified or supplemented.  

  In reliance on the reviews and
discussions referred to above, the Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board has approved, that the audited financial
statements be included in the Annual Report to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31,
2015. The Committee and the Board have also recommended the selection of LBB   Associates Ltd., LLP as independent auditors
for the Company for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2016.  

    Submitted by the Audit
Committee Members    

Anthony
    Marchese (Chairman)   

Nicolas
    Pingitore   

Cecil
    Wall   
 
   Compensation Committee   

  The Company has a Compensation
Committee comprised of three (3) directors, each of whom, in the opinion of the Board, are independent (under Section 803A of
the NYSE MKT Company Guide): Cecil Wall (Chairman), James Wolfe and Anthony Marchese.  

  The Compensation Committee charter
that complies with the requirements of the NYSE MKT.  The Compensation Committee is responsible for considering and
authorizing terms of employment and compensation of executive officers and providing advice on compensation structures in the
various jurisdictions in which the Company operates. The Company s Chief Executive Officer may not be present during the
voting determination or deliberations of his or her compensation; however, the Compensation Committee does consult with the Company s
Chief Executive Officer in determining and recommending the compensation of directors and other executive officers.  

  In addition, the Company s
Compensation Committee reviews both our overall salary objectives and significant modifications made to employee benefit plans,
including those applicable to executive officers, and proposes awards of stock options.  The Compensation Committee
has determined that the Company s compensation policies and practices for its employees generally, not just executive officers,
are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.  

  The Compensation Committee does
not and cannot delegate its authority to determine director and executive officer compensation.  Our Compensation Committee
and management did not engage the services of an external compensation consultant during fiscal year 2016.  

  During the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2016, the Compensation Committee met twice. A copy of the Compensation Committee charter is available on the Company s
website at www.TMRC.com.  

    Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation    

  There are no Compensation Committee
or Board interlocks among the members of the Company s Board.  

Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee   

    General    

  The Company has a Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee composed of 3 directors, Laura Lynch (Chairman), James Wolfe and Nicholas Pingitore two of whom, in the
opinion of the Board are independent (under Section 803A of the NYSE MKT Company Guide): James Wolfe and Nicholas Pingitore.  

  The Company s Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee are responsible for developing the Company s approach to corporate governance issues.
The Committee evaluates the qualifications of potential candidates for director and recommends to the Board nominees for election
at the next annual meeting or any special meeting of stockholders, and any person to be considered to fill a Board vacancy resulting
from death, disability, removal, resignation or an increase in Board size. The Committee has not adopted a formal policy which
sets forth the criteria the Board will assess in connection with the consideration of a candidate.  Instead the Committee
considers a multitude of qualifications and characteristics, including the candidate s integrity, reputation, judgment,
knowledge, independence, experience, accomplishments, commitment and skills, all in the context of an assessment of the perceived
needs of the Board at that time.  

  During the fiscal year ended
August 31, 2016, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee met once. A copy of the Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee charter is available on the Company s website at  www.TMRC.com .  

    Board Diversity    

  The Company does not have a formal
policy regarding diversity in the selection of nominees for directors.  The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
does, however, consider diversity as part of its overall selection strategy.  In considering diversity of the Board
as a criteria for selecting nominees, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee takes into account various factors and
perspectives, including differences of viewpoint, professional experience, education, skills and other individual qualities and
attributes that contribute to Board heterogeneity, as well as race, gender and national origin. The Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee seeks persons with leadership experience in a variety of contexts. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
believes that this conceptualization of diversity is the most effective means to implement Board diversity. The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee will assess the effectiveness of this approach as part of its annual review of its charter.  

    Recommendations to the
Board    

  The Committee will consider recommendations
for director nominees made by stockholders and others if these individuals meet the criteria for consideration. For consideration
by the Committee, the nominating stockholder or other person must provide the Corporate Secretary at the Company s principal
offices with information about the nominee, including the detailed background of the suggested candidate that will demonstrate
how the individual meets the Company s director nomination criteria. If a candidate proposed by a stockholder meets the
criteria, the individual will be considered on the same basis as other candidates.  

   Board Leadership Structure   

  The Board has reviewed the Company s
current Board leadership structure in light of the composition of the Board, the Company s size, the nature of the Company s
business, the regulatory framework under which the Company operates, the Company s stockholder base, the Company s
peer group and other relevant factors.  Considering these factors the Board has determined to have a separate Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board.  The Chairman of the Board is a non-executive position.  The
Board has determined that this structure is currently the most appropriate Board leadership structure for the Company.  The
Board noted the following factors in reaching its determination:  

The
    Board acts efficiently and effectively under its current structure.   

A
    structure of a separate Chief Executive Officer and non-executive Chairman of the Board puts the Company in the best position
    efficiently handle major issues facing the Company on a day-to-day and long-term basis, and still ensure that the Board is
    in the best position to have an independent director identify key risks and developments facing the Company and have those
    risks and developments brought promptly to the Board s attention.   

This
    structure eliminates the potential for confusion and duplication of efforts at the highest executive level.   

Companies
    within the Company s peer group utilize similar Board structures.   

The Company s non-executive
Chairman of the Board acts as a lead independent director.  Given the size of the Board, the Board believes that having
a non-executive Chairman of the Board combined with the presence of three other independent directors out of the six directors
on the Board and independent directors sitting on all of the Board s committees is sufficient independent oversight of the
Chief Executive Officer.  The independent directors work well together in the current board structure and the Board
does not believe that selecting a lead independent director outside of the non-executive Chairman of the Board would add significant
benefits to the Board s oversight role.  

   The Board of Director s
Role in Risk Management Oversight   

  The understanding, identification
and management of risk are essential elements for the successful management of the Company. Risk oversight begins with the Board
and the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee consists of Anthony Marchese, Nicolas Pingitore and Cecil Wall, each an independent
director.  

  The Audit Committee reviews and
discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The Audit Committee also has oversight responsibility
with respect to the integrity of the Company s financial reporting process and systems of internal control regarding finance
and accounting, as well as its financial statements.  

  At the management level, an internal
audit provides reliable and timely information to the Board and management regarding the Company s effectiveness in identifying
and appropriately controlling risks. Annually, management presents to the Audit Committee a report summarizing the review of the
Company s methods for identifying and managing risks.  

  Additionally, the Company s
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee reviews the risks related to succession planning and the independence of the Board.  The
Compensation Committee reviews the risks related to the Company s various compensation plans.  

  In the event that a committee
is allocated responsibility for examining and analyzing a specific risk, such committee reports on the relevant risk exposure
during its regular reports to the entire Board to facilitate proper risk oversight by the entire Board.  

  Based on a review of the nature
of operations, the Board does not believe that any areas of the Company have incentive to take excessive risks that would likely
have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations.  

     ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   

The following summary compensation
tables set forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation for services in all capacities to the Company for
the years stated for those persons who were, at August 31, 2016 named executive officers.   Named Executive Officer 
means: (a) each Chief Executive Officer, (b) each Chief Financial Officer, (c) each of the three most highly compensated executive
officers, or the three most highly compensated individuals acting in a similar capacity, other than the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, at the end of the most recently completed financial year; and (d) each individual who would be an
NEO under paragraph (c) but for the fact that the individual was neither an executive officer of the Company, nor acting in a
similar capacity, at the end of that financial year.  

    Summary
Compensation Table   

Chief Financial Officer   

(1)    
      On
    December 8, 2013, our Board approved and granted 60,000 options Mr. Gorski. These options were originally exercisable at $0.50
    per share for a period of ten years, vesting immediately and at a fair value of $30,000 using the Black-Sholes pricing model.
    On March 3, 2014, our Board approved the repricing of these 60,000 options to $0.45.  With respect to the repricing
    of these options, the Black-Scholes pricing model was used to estimate the fair value of the 60,000 options, using the assumptions
    of a risk free interest rate of 0.39%, a dividend yield of 0%, volatility of 290% and an expected life of 9.75 years. The
    options were expensed in full during the third quarter 2014 in the amount of approximately $26,400.   
 
      (2)    
      On
    February 19, 2015, our Board approved and granted 250,000 options to Mr. Gorski. These options are exercisable at $0.22 per
    share for a period of ten years, vesting immediately and at a fair value of $55,000 using the Black-Sholes pricing model.
    With respect to these options, the Black-Scholes pricing model was used to estimate the fair value of the 250,000 options,
    using the assumptions of a risk free interest rate of 0.39%, a dividend yield of 0%, volatility of 268% and an expected life
    of 10 years.   

Executive Compensation Agreements
and Summary of Executive Compensation   

    Report on Executive Compensation    

  During the year ended August
31, 2016, the Board and the Company s Compensation Committee, was responsible for establishing a compensation policy and
administering the compensation programs of the Company s executive officers.  

   Salary   

  The amount of compensation paid
by the Company to each of the Company s officers and the terms of those persons  employment is determined by the Compensation
Committee. The Compensation Committee evaluates past performance and considers future incentive and retention in considering the
appropriate compensation for the Company s officers.  The Company believes that the compensation paid to the Company s
directors and officers is fair to the Company.  

   Stock Incentive Awards   

  The Compensation Committee
believes that the use of direct stock awards is at times appropriate for employees, and in the future intends to use direct stock
awards to reward outstanding service or to attract and retain individuals with exceptional talent and credentials. The use of
stock options and other awards is intended to strengthen the alignment of interests of executive officers and other key employees
with those of our stockholders.  

   In this regard, during
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, Compensation Committee and the Board did not authorize the issuance of stock option awards
to named executive officers.    

   Executive Compensation Agreements   

    Agreement with Mr. Gorski    

  In May 2011, the Company entered
into an at will employment arrangement with Dan Gorski, the Company s chief operating officer, pursuant to which he will
be paid an annual salary of $110,000. On December 31, 2011, Mr. Gorski resigned as the Company s chief operating officer.  

  On August 16, 2012, the Company
agreed to pay Mr. Daniel Gorski, in the amount of $120,000 annually in connection with his appointment as Chief Executive Officer
of the Company.  The Company and Mr. Gorski have not entered into a formal written employment agreement in relation
to Mr. Gorski s compensation and employment terms as Chief Executive Officer.  

   Outstanding Equity Awards
At Fiscal Year-End   

  There were 5,635,000 stock options
fully vested and outstanding as of August 31, 2016.  

   Nonqualified Deferred Compensation   

  The Company does not offer nonqualified
deferred compensation to any of its named executive officers.  

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION   

   The following table sets
forth the compensation granted to our directors during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016.  Compensation to directors
that are also named executive officers is detailed above and is not included on this table.  

Compensation of Directors    

  The Company has agreed
to pay its directors $10,000 annually, $1,000 for in person board meetings, $500 for telephonic board meetings and $500 for committee
meetings (both in person and telephonic).  Independent directors will be offered the option to elect to receive any
cash compensation as restricted stock at a 20% discount to the closing price on the date of grant.  Each of our directors
are reimbursed reasonable out of pocket expenses associated with attending our board meetings.  

     ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   

The following tables set forth
information as of November 16, 2016, regarding the ownership of the Company s common stock by: (i) each named officer, each
director and all of the Company s directors and executive officers as a group; and (ii) each person who is known by us to
own more than 5% of the Company s shares of common stock.  The number of shares beneficially owned and the percentage
of shares beneficially owned are based on 44,882,708 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 16, 2016.  

  Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Shares subject to options that are exercisable
within 60 days following November 16, 2016 are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the optionee for the purpose
of computing share and percentage ownership of that optionee but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, and as affected by applicable
community property laws, all persons listed have sole voting and investment power for all shares shown as beneficially owned by
them.  

* Less than 1%.  

It is believed by the Company
that all persons named have full voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated, unless otherwise noted in the
table and the footnotes thereto. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person (or group of persons) is
deemed to be a  beneficial owner  of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly, has or shares the power to vote
or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. Accordingly,
more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner
of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such as options or warrants to purchase our common
stock.  

  The Company is not, to
the best of our knowledge, directly or indirectly owned or controlled by another corporation or foreign government.  

   Change in Control   

  The Company is not aware of any
arrangement that might result in a change in control in the future. The Company has no knowledge of any arrangements, including
any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in the Company s
control.  

   OTHER
GOVERNANCE MATTERS   

   Code of Business
and Ethical Conduct   

  The Company has adopted a corporate
Code of Business and Ethical Conduct administered by its President and Chief Executive Officer, Daniel Gorski. The Company believes
its Code of Business and Ethical Conduct is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct, to
provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports, to comply with applicable laws, to ensure
prompt internal reporting of code violations, and to provide accountability for adherence to the code. The Company s Code
of Business and Ethical Conduct provides written standards that are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:  

Honest
    and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional
    relationships;   

Full,
    fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that are filed with, or submitted to, the Commission
    and in other public communications made by an issuer;   

Compliance
    with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; and   

The
    prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code; and   

Accountability
    for adherence to the code.   

The Company s Code of Business
and Ethical Conduct is available on its web site at www.TMRC.com.  A copy of the Code of Business and Ethical Conduct
will be provided to any person without charge upon written request to the Company at its executive offices: 539 El Paso Avenue,
Sierra Blanca, Texas 79851.  We intend to disclose any waiver from a provision of the Code of Business and Ethical Conduct
that applies to any of the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller or persons performing similar functions that relates to any element of the Company s Code of Business and
Ethical Conduct on the Company s website. No waivers were granted from the requirements of the Code of Business and Ethical
Conduct during the year ended August 31, 2016, or during the subsequent period to the date of this Proxy Statement.  

   Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance   

  Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company s officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than
10% of the Company s common stock ( 10% Stockholders ), to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Such officers, directors and 10% Stockholders are also required
by SEC rules to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file.  

  Based solely on our review of
the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that
during fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 the filing requirements applicable to its officers, directors and greater than 10% percent
beneficial owners were complied with.  

   EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS   

  In September 2008, the
Board adopted our 2008 Stock Option Plan (the  2008 Plan ), which was also approved by our shareholders in September
2008.  In May 2011, the board of directors adopted an amendment to our 2008 Plan (the  Amended 2008 Plan ),
which was also approved by our shareholders in August 2011. The Amended 2008 Plan increased the number of shares available for
grant from 2,000,000 to up to 5,000,000 shares of our common stock for awards to our officers, directors, employees and consultants.  On
February 15, 2012, our stockholders approved an increase of 2,000,000 of shares of common stock available for issuance under the
amended 2008 Stock Option Plan (the  Plan ).  As amended, the Plan provides for 7,000,000 shares of common
stock for all awards.  On February 24, 2016, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s
2008 Stock Option Plan, pursuant to which the number of shares available under the plan was increase from 7,000,000 to 9,000,000
shares of common stock. Other provisions of the Amended 2008 Plan remain the same as under our 2008 Plan.  As of August
31, 2016, a total of 3,780,000 shares of our common stock remained available for future grants under the Amended 2008 Plan.  

  The following table sets forth
certain information as of August 31, 2016 concerning our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options or warrants
or pursuant to purchases of stock under the Amended 2008 Plan:  

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016 we had no reportable transactions
with related parties, including named security holders. 

Except as indicated herein, no officer, director, promoter, or affiliate
of the Company has or proposes to have any direct or indirect material interest in any asset acquired or proposed to be acquired
by the Company through security holdings, contracts, options, or otherwise.   

Policy for Review of Related Party Transactions  

The Company has a policy for the review of transactions with related
persons as set forth in the Company s Audit Committee Charter and internal practices. The policy requires review, approval
or ratification of all transactions in which the Company is a participant and in which any of the Company s directors, executive
officers, significant stockholders or an immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons has a direct or indirect material
interest, subject to certain categories of transactions that are deemed to be pre-approved under the policy - including employment
of executive officers, director compensation (in general, where such transactions are required to be reported in the Company s
proxy statement pursuant to SEC compensation disclosure requirements), as well as certain transactions where the amounts involved
do not exceed specified thresholds.  All related party transactions must be reported for review by the Audit Committee
pursuant to the Audit Committee s charter and the rules of the NYSE MKT. 

Following its review, the Audit Committee determines whether these transactions
are in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, taking into consideration whether they
are on terms no less favorable to the Company than those available with other parties and the related person s interest in the
transaction. If a related party transaction is to be ongoing, the Audit Committee may establish guidelines for the Company s management
to follow in its ongoing dealings with the related person. 

Our policy for review of transactions with related persons was
followed in all of the transactions set forth above and all such transactions were reviewed and approved in accordance with our
policy for review of transactions with related persons.    

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has determined that four
of six of our present board members are  independent directors  as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Rules of Nasdaq
Marketplace Rules. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  

LBB   Associates Ltd., LLP was the Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm for the Company in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016. 

The Company s financial statements have been audited by LBB  
Associates Ltd., LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, for the years ended August 31, 2015 and 2016. 

The following table sets forth information regarding the amount
billed to us by our independent auditor, LBB   Associates Ltd., LLP for our two fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively: 

Audit Fees  

Consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for
the audit of our financial statements and review of interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and
services that are normally provided by the principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit Related Fees  

Consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that
are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported
under  Audit Fees . 

Tax Fees  

Consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance,
tax advice and tax planning. These services include preparation of federal and state income tax returns. 

All Other Fees  

Consist of fees for product and services other than the services
reported above. 

Policy on Pre-Approval by Audit Committee of Services Performed
by Independent Auditors  

The Audit Committee has adopted procedures requiring the Audit
Committee to review and approve in advance, all particular engagements for services provided by the Company s independent
auditor. Consistent with applicable laws, the procedures permit limited amounts of services, other than audit, review or attest
services, to be approved by one or more members of the Audit Committee pursuant to authority delegated by the Audit Committee,
provided the Audit Committee is informed of each particular service. All of the engagements and fees for 2016 were pre-approved
by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews with LBB   Associates Ltd., LLP whether the non-audit services to be provided
are compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence. 

PART IV  

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES  

Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated
by reference: 

(1)  The financial statements are listed on the  Index to Financial Statements  in Item 8.   

(2)  Financial Statement Schedules (omitted because the Company is a smaller reporting issuer).   

The following exhibits are attached hereto or are
incorporated by reference: 

* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(1)  
      Filed herewith.   
 
      (2)  
      Submitted Electronically Herewith. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i)  Statements of Income/(Loss) and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year ended August 31, 2015 and 2014, (ii)  Balance Sheets at August 31, 2015 and 2014, (iii)  Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended August 31, 2015 and 2014, and (iv) Notes to  Financial Statements.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

TEXAS MINERAL RESOURCES CORP.  

/s/ Daniel E Gorski 

Daniel E Gorski, Chief Executive Officer 

DATED:  December 14, 2016 

/s/   Wm Chris Mathers 

Wm Chris Mathers, Chief Financial Officer 

DATED:  December 14, 2016 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 10-K  

Exhibit 31.1.  Certification by Chief
Executive Officer  

I, Daniel E Gorski, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Texas Mineral Resources Corp;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 14, 2016 

/s/ Daniel E Gorski 

Daniel E Gorski, Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 10-K  

Exhibit 31.2.  Certification by Chief
Financial Officer  

I, Wm Chris Mathers, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Texas Mineral Resources Corp;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b.  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 14, 2016 

/s/ Wm Chris Mathers 

Wm Chris Mathers, Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 10-K  

Exhibit 32.1.  Section 1350 Certification
by Chief Executive Officer  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE   

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of
Texas Mineral Resources Corp (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Daniel E Gorski, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the
best of my knowledge and belief: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Daniel E Gorski 

Daniel E Gorski, Chief Executive Officer  

December 14, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States
Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 10-K  

Exhibit 32.2.  Section 1350 Certification by Chief
Financial Officer  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE   

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of
Texas Mineral Resources Corp (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Wm Chris Mathers, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the
best of my knowledge and belief: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Wm Chris Mathers 

Mike McDonald, Chief Financial Officer  
 
 December 14, 2016 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not
being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 trer-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 trer-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 trer-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 trer-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 trer-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 trer-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

