<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1040792_0001437749-16-042436_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4169395</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>243768</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>602845</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1138701</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1449030</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>627652</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-16-042436.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121065500
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-16-042436
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Helios & Matheson Analytics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001040792
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS SERVICES [7380]
		IRS NUMBER:				133169913
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22945
		FILM NUMBER:		162009044

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 5TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 7520
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129798228

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 5TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 7520
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Helios &nd Matheson Analytics Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130506

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Helios & Matheson Analytics Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130506

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Helios & Matheson Information Technology Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110511

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-16-042436.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 hmny20160901_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q
 
   hmny20160901_10q.htm 

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from ________ to ___________  
     
   Commission file number:        0-22945             

HELIOS AND MATHESON ANALYTICS INC.    
     (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No    
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   No    
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer        
 
 Accelerated filer     
 
    Non-accelerated filer     
 
 Smaller reporting company     

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes   No    

As of November 17, 2016, there were 4,484,495 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share, outstanding.  

1

HELIOS AND MATHESON ANALYTICS INC.   
     
   INDEX   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION     
 
    3      

ITEM 1.   
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  3   

Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015    
 
   3     

Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
   4     

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 
   5     

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
   6     

ITEM 2.   
  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
  19   

ITEM 3.   
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
  27   

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
  28   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     
 
    28      

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
  28   

ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS  
  28   

ITEM 2   
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
  29   

ITEM 3.   
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
  29   

ITEM 4.   
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
  29   

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION  
  29   

ITEM 6.    
  EXHIBITS  
  30   

SIGNATURES     
 
    32       

2

Part I. Financial Information    
   Item 1. Financial Statements    

HELIOS AND MATHESON ANALYTICS INC.     

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET      

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.     

3

HELIOS AND MATHESON ANALYTICS INC.   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS      

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.     

4

HELIOS AND MATHESON ANALYTICS INC.     

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS      

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements     

5

HELIOS AND MATHESON ANALYTICS INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
  (Unaudited)  

1)   
 
   ORGANIZATION:       
     
  Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc. ( Helios and Matheson  or the  Company ) was incorporated in the state of New York in February of 1983 and became a public company in August of 1997. In October of 2009, Helios and Matheson changed its state of incorporation from New York to Delaware. The Company is headquartered in New York, New York and has offices in New York, Bangalore and Chennai, India. The Company provides a wide range of information technology ( IT ) consulting, custom application development and solutions and analytics services to Fortune 1000 companies and other large organizations. The Company supports all major computer technology platforms and supports client IT projects by using a broad range of third-party software applications. The Company now offers its clients an enhanced suite of services of predictive analytics with technology at its foundation enriched by data science.  
     
    Recent Events:    
     
   Change in Controlled Company Status   
     
  Prior to November 9, 2016, the Company met the definition of a  Controlled Company  as defined by Rule 5615(c) of the NASDAQ Rules. A  Controlled Company  is defined in Rule 5615(c) as a company of which more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company. Certain NASDAQ requirements do not apply to a  Controlled Company , including requirements that: (i) a majority of its Board of Directors must be comprised of  independent  directors as defined in NASDAQ s rules; and (ii) the compensation of officers and the nomination of directors be determined in accordance with specific rules, generally requiring determinations by committees comprised solely of independent directors or in meetings at which only the independent directors are present. On November 9, 2016, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Zone Acquisition, Inc., merged with and into Zone Technologies, Inc. As a result of the merger, the Company no longer meets the definition of a Controlled Company.  
     
   Merger with Zone Technologies, Inc.   
     
  On November 9, 2016, the Company completed its previously disclosed merger with Zone Technologies, Inc. ( Zone ) pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 7, 2016, entered into by the Company, Zone Acquisition, Inc. and Zone, as amended by the Waiver and First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 25, 2016 and the Acknowledgment of Satisfaction of Condition and Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 21, 2016.  
     
  On the Closing Date the Company issued 1,740,000 shares of the Company s common stock as merger consideration, which represented an exchange ratio of 0.174 shares of the Company s common stock for each share of Zone common stock outstanding, and Zone Acquisition, Inc., the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, was merged into Zone, with Zone surviving the merger as the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary.  
     
  Zone is the developer of the proprietary  RedZone Map , a GPS-driven, real-time crime and navigation map application whose goal is to enhance personal safety worldwide by providing users with real time crime data and a platform for alerting other users to criminal and other safety related occurrences in a navigation map format. Zone s mapping lets users be pro-active when traveling, allowing them to enter a number of different cautionary items such as traffic problems, police sightings, road hazards, accidents and road closures. It also allows users to report a crime and to video upload live incidents.   

2)    
 
   BASIS OF PRESENTATION:       
     
  The accompanying unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10 Q and Rule 8 03 of Regulation S X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. However, in the opinion of the management of the Company, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position and operating results have been included in these statements. These Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 28, 2016. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any subsequent quarters or for the year ending December 31, 2016.  

6

3)    
 
   LIQUIDITY AND MANAGEMENT PLANS:       
   
  For the three month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company reported a net loss of approximately ($924,000) and for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company reported a net loss of approximately ($1,198,000); for the three month period ended September 30, 2015, the Company reported net loss of approximately ($2.26 million) and for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, the Company reported net loss of approximately ($2.14 million). The Company continues to focus on revenue growth by expanding its existing client market share and its client base and by providing a Flexible Delivery Model to clients, which allows for dynamically configurable  right shoring  of service delivery based on client needs. The Company also keeps a tight rein on discretionary expenditures and SG A, which the Company believes will enhance its competitiveness.  
     
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, management entered into a securities purchase agreement for the sale and purchase of notes. The Company received gross proceeds of $1,000,000 and a receivable of $3,000,000. Of the $1,000,000, management loaned $750,000 to Zone (See Note 5). On November 9, 2016, management consummated the merger with Zone (See Note 1 Recent Events). In management's opinion, cash flows from operations combined with existing cash on hand will provide adequate flexibility for funding the Company's working capital obligations for the next twelve months.   

4)    
 
   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:      
       
    Use of estimates and assumptions and critical accounting estimates and assumptions    
     
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.  
     
  Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements were:  
     
  (1)  Fair value of long lived assets:  Fair value is generally determined using the asset s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the long lived assets are depreciated over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. The Company considers the following to be some examples of important indicators that may trigger an impairment review: (i) significant under performance or losses of assets relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; (ii) significant changes in the manner or use of assets or in the Company s overall strategy with respect to the manner or use of the acquired assets or changes in the Company s overall business strategy; (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends; (iv) increased competitive pressures; (v) a significant decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period of time; and (vi) regulatory changes. The Company evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence of such events.  
   
  (2)  Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets:  Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the fact that the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) the Company s ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.  
     
  (3)  Estimates and assumptions used in valuation of equity instruments:  Management estimates expected term of financial instruments, expected volatility of the Company s common shares and the method used to estimate it, expected annual rate of quarterly dividends, and risk free rates to value share options and similar instruments.  
     
  These significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.  
     
  Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  

7

Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
     
    Principles of consolidation    
     
  All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.   
       
    Derivative Instruments    
     
  The Company evaluates its convertible notes and warrants to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with Paragraph 815-10-05-4 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and Paragraph 815-40-25 of the Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statements of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to equity.  
        
  In circumstances where the embedded conversion option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument.   
     
  The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current to correspond with its host instrument.  
     
  The Company marks to market the fair value of the remaining embedded derivative warrants at each balance sheet date and records the change in the fair value of the remaining embedded derivative warrants as other income or expense in the statements of operations.  
     
  The Company utilizes the lattice binomial model that values the liability of the debt conversion feature derivative financial instruments and derivative warrants based on a probability of a down round event. The reason the Company selected the lattice binomial model is that in many cases there may be multiple embedded features or the features of the bifurcated derivatives may be so complex that a Black-Scholes valuation does not consider all of the terms of the instrument. Therefore, the fair value may not be appropriately captured by simple models. In other words, simple models such as Black-Scholes may not be appropriate in many situations given the complex features and terms of conversion option (e.g., combined embedded derivatives). The lattice binomial model is based on future projections of the various potential outcomes. The features that are analyzed and incorporated into the model include the exercise and full reset features. Based on these features, there are two primary events that can occur; the holder exercises the derivative instrument or the derivative instrument is held until it expires. The binomial model analyzes the underlying economic factors that influence which of these events would occur, when they are likely to occur, and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. stock price, exercise price, volatility, etc.). Projections are then made on the underlying factors which lead to potential scenarios. Probabilities are assigned to each scenario based on management projections. A discounted weighted average cash flow over the various scenarios is completed to determine the value of the derivative instrument.  
            
    Related Parties    
     
  The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures shall include: (a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; (b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; (c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and (d) amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement.  

8

Net     Loss     per Common Share    
       
  Net income (loss) per common share is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the Codification. Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through convertible debt, stock options or warrants.  
     
  The following table shows the outstanding dilutive common shares excluded from the diluted net loss per share calculation as they were anti-dilutive:  

Recent accounting pronouncements    
     
  In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern.  The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2013-300-Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Going Concern Presumption, which has been deleted. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2014-15 on the consolidated financial statements.        
     
  In April 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016 09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation  (topic 718). The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting for employee share based payments and affect all organizations that issue share based payment awards to their employees. Several aspects of the accounting for share based payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.  
     
  During January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ( ASU 2016-01 ). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted with the exception of certain provisions related to the presentation of other comprehensive income. The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
       
  In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016 02  Leases  (topic 842), which creates new accounting and reporting guidelines for leasing arrangements. The new guidance requires organizations that lease assets to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet related to the rights and obligations created by those leases, regardless of whether they are classified as finance or operating leases. Consistent with current guidance, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. The guidance also requires new disclosures to help financial statement users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, with early application permitted. The new standard is to be applied using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new pronouncement on its financial statements.  

9

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06,  Contingent Put and Call Option in Debt Instruments  ( ASU 2016-06 ). ASU 2016-06 is intended to simplify the analysis of embedded derivatives for debt instruments that contain contingent put or call options. The amendments in ASU 2016-06 clarify that an entity is required to assess the embedded call or put options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. Consequently, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to initially assess whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. The amendments in ASU 2016-06 take effect for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016 01 to have a significant impact on its financial statements.  
     
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements.   

5)    
 
   SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT:      
    Terms:   
      
  On September 7, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), the Company sold and issued Senior Secured Convertible Notes ( Notes ) to an institutional investor (the  Investor ) in the aggregate principal amount of $4,301,075 for consideration consisting of (i) a cash payment by the Investor in the amount of $1,000,000 together with a secured promissory note payable by the Investor to the Company (the  Investor Note ) in the principal amount of $3,000,000. The Note included an original issue discount of $301,075. Financing fees associated with this transaction amounted to $244,925.   
     
   The Notes   
     
  The aggregate principal amount of the Notes is $4,301,075. Unless earlier converted or redeemed, the Notes mature 15 months from the date they were issued. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 6% per annum, subject to an increase to 12% during the first 30 days following the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default and to 18% thereafter. Interest on the Notes will be payable in arrears commencing on December 1, 2016 and quarterly thereafter, beginning on January 1, 2017 and, so long as certain conditions, as defined in the Notes, have been satisfied, may be paid in shares of common stock at the Company s option. The Company may also elect to pay interest in whole or in part in cash. Interest on the Notes is computed on the basis of a 360-day.  
     
  The Investor may, at any time, elect to convert the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations. The Conversion Price is $8.075. The Company may, with the consent of the Investor, reduce the then-current Conversion Price to any amount equal to or greater than the Floor Price ($4.00) for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Company s Board of Directors. On October 24, 2016, pursuant to Section 7(e) of the Convertible Notes, the Company notified the Investor that the Company desired to permanently lower the Conversion Price from $8.075 to the lower of (a) $5.75 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar events) and (b) the Alternate Conversion Price in effect, from time to time, effective upon the Investor s voluntary prepayment to the Company of $1,000,000 under the Investor Note.  
     
  The Investor also has the right to convert the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at the Alternate Conversion Price, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations. The Alternate Conversion Price is defined as the lowest of (i) the applicable Conversion Price as in effect on the applicable conversion date of the applicable Alternate Conversion, (ii) the greater of (I) the Floor Price ($4.00) and (II) 87% of the quotient of (x) the sum of the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock for each of the five consecutive trading days ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable conversion notice, divided by (y) five.  
     
  The Company accounted for the alternative conversion provisions as a derivative liability and recognized the fair value at issuance. At each balance sheet date, the feature is re-valued and the corresponding change in fair value is recorded in other income and expense.  

10

Under certain conditions, the Company has the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the amounts remaining unpaid under the Notes. The portion of the Notes subject to redemption can be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to 110% of the amount being redeemed. In the event of a change of control, the Investor may require the Company to redeem the Notes in cash.  
     
  The Notes contain standard and customary events of default including but not limited to: (i) failure to register the Company s common stock within certain time periods or failure to keep the registration statement effective as required by the Registration Rights Agreement; (ii) failure to maintain the listing of the Company s common stock; (iii) failure to make payments when due under the Note; (iv) breaches of covenants and (iv) bankruptcy or insolvency.  
     
  Following an event of default, the Investor may require the Company to redeem all or any portion of the Notes. The redemption amount may be paid in cash or with shares of the Company s common stock, at the election of the Investor.  

11

The Event of Default Redemption Price will be computed as a price equal to the greater of (i) 125% of the principal, interest and late charges to be redeemed and (ii) the product of (X) the principal, interest and late charges to be redeemed divided by the Conversion Price multiplied by (Y) the product of (1) 125% multiplied by (2) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Company s common stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date preceding such Event of Default and ending on the date the Company makes the entire payment required to be made under the Note.  
     
  In addition, following an Event of Default, the holders of the Notes will have the right to convert the Notes at the  Alternate Conversion Event of Default Price  which means, with respect to any Alternate Conversion, that price which shall be the lowest of (i) the applicable Conversion Price as in effect on the applicable Conversion Date of the applicable Alternate Conversion, and (ii) 75% of the lowest volume weighted average price of the common stock for each of the 30 consecutive Trading Days ending and including the Trading Day of delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable Conversion Notice.  
      
  The Notes prohibit the Company from entering into specified transactions involving a change of control unless the successor entity, which must be a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market, assumes in writing all of the Company s obligations under the Note.  
   
  The Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, HMNY Zone Loan LLC each entered into a Security and Pledge Agreement in favor of the Investor as Collateral Agent. Pursuant to such Security and Pledge Agreements, the Notes are secured by a perfected first priority security interest in the Company s equity ownership interest in HMNY Zone Loan LLC and the Investor Note, and all of the assets of HMNY Zone Loan LLC, subject to Permitted Liens.  
     
  HMNY Zone Loan LLC also provided a Guaranty to the Investor as Collateral Agent whereby HMNY Zone Loan LLC guarantees the punctual payment of all obligations that accrue after the commencement of any insolvency proceeding of the Company, whether or not the payment of such obligations are enforceable or allowable in the insolvency proceeding, and all fees, interest, premiums, penalties, causes of actions, costs, commissions, expense reimbursements, indemnifications and all other amounts due or to become due under any of the Notes financing documents, and agrees to pay any and all costs and expenses (including counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the Collateral Agent in enforcing any rights under the Guaranty or any other Notes financing document.  
     
  Under the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement with the Investor, the Company is required to register for resale the shares of common stock that are issuable upon conversion of the Notes, additional shares that could be used as payment of monthly interest plus an additional number of shares so that the total number of shares of common stock registered equals 125% of the sum of the maximum number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes. The Registration Rights Agreement requires the Company to file the registration statement within 30 days after the Closing Date and to have the registration statement declared effective 90 days after the Closing Date (or 120 days after the Closing Date if the registration statement is subject to review by the Securities and Exchange Commission).  
     
  The Registration Rights Agreement provides for the payment of liquidated damages of one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the product of (x) the number of shares of common stock required by the Registration Rights Agreement to be included in the registration statement and (y) the Closing Sale Price as of the Trading Day immediately prior to the date a Registration Delay Payment, defined as the failure to file the registration statement in the time required, the failure to have the registration statement declared effective in the time required, the failure to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement or the failure to keep current public information in the marketplace.  
     
  The Company is required to keep the registration statement effective (and the prospectus contained therein available for use) pursuant to Rule 415 for resales on a delayed or continuous basis at then-prevailing market prices at all times until the earlier of (i) the date as of which the holders of the Notes may sell all of the common stock issuable pursuant thereto without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 or (ii) the date on which all of the common stock covered by the registration statement shall have been sold.   

12

Investor Note   
     
  The Investor Note is payable in full on December 7, 2017. The Investor s obligation to pay the Company the Purchase Price Balance pursuant to the Investor Note is secured by $3 million, in the aggregate, in cash or cash equivalents. The Investor may, at its option at any time after September 28, 2016, voluntarily prepay the Investor Note, in whole or in part. The Investor Note is also subject to mandatory prepayment, in whole or in part, upon the occurrence of one or more of the following mandatory prepayment events:  
       
  (1) Mandatory Prepayment upon Conversion of Note   At any time the Investor has converted $1,301,075 or more in principal amount of the Note, the Investor will be required to prepay the Investor Note, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, for each subsequent conversion of the Note.  
     
  (2) Mandatory Prepayment upon Mandatory Prepayment Notices   The Company may require the Investor to prepay the Investor Note by delivering a mandatory prepayment notice to the Investor, subject to (i) the satisfaction of certain equity conditions, and (ii) the Investor s receipt of a valid written notice by the Company electing to effect a mandatory conversion of Restricted Principal (defined as $3 million of the principal amount of the Notes), not in excess of the Maximum Mandatory Share Amount or the Maximum Mandatory Conversion Amount.  
       
   Placement Agent Note and Warrants   
        
  The Company also issued a Senior Secured Convertible Note (the  Placement Agent Note ) to the placement agent, in lieu of the placement agent s cash fee. The aggregate principal amount of the Placement Agent Note is $80,000. Unless earlier converted or redeemed, the Note matures 15 months from the date it was issued. The Placement Agent Note bears interest at a rate of 6% per annum, subject to an increase to 12% during the first 30 days following the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default and to 18% thereafter. Interest on the Placement Agent Note will be payable in arrears commencing on December 1, 2016 and quarterly thereafter, beginning on January 1, 2017 and, so long as certain conditions have been satisfied, may be paid in shares of common stock at the Company s option. The Company may also elect to pay interest in whole or in part in cash. Interest on the Note is computed on the basis of a 360-day year. The remaining terms are similar to those of the Notes described above.   
    
  In addition to issuing the Placement Agent Note, the Company issued a 5-year warrant (the  Placement Agent Warrant ) as partial payment for the placement agent s services. The Placement Agent Warrant allows the purchase of 9,908 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $9.36 per share. If, after the first anniversary of the Closing Date, there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Warrant Shares by the placement agent, then the Placement Agent Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, by means of a  cashless exercise .    
     
  If the Company issues or sells shares of its common stock, rights to purchase shares of its common stock, or securities convertible into shares of its common stock for a price per share that is less than the exercise price then in effect, the exercise price of the Warrant will be decreased to equal such lesser price. Upon each such adjustment, the number of the shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant will increase proportionately. The Company accounted for such provision as a derivative liability and recognized the fair value at issuance. At each balance sheet date, the feature is re-valued and the corresponding change in fair value is recorded in other income and expense.  
     
   Zone Note   
     
  On the Closing Date, the Company used $750,000 of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes to provide, through its newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, HMNY Zone Loan LLC, a senior secured loan to Zone, secured by all of Zone s assets. The remainder of the proceeds was used for general corporate purposes. The Zone note is due on the earlier of September 7, 2017 or upon the date the Notes become due. The Zone note bears interest at a rate of 6%.  
        
  On October 25, 2016, the Company entered into an Amendment to Promissory Note and Security and Pledge Agreement whereby the Company increased its senior secured loan to Zone by $383,305, thereby increasing the principal amount of the Zone note to a total of $1,133,305. The amended note continues to be secured by a first priority lien on all of Zone s assets pursuant to the Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2016, between Zone and HMNY Zone Loan LLC.   

13

Activity:   
     
  Following is an analysis of the activity in the Notes and the Investor Notes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

Under ASC 210-20-45-1, management offset the Notes by the Investor Notes yet to be funded.   
     
  The funded and unfunded portion of the Investor Note consists of the following at September 30, 2016:   

During the period October 1, 2016 through November 18, 2016, the Company received an additional $2,000,000 in proceeds from the Investor Notes.  

6)    
 
   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES MEASURED ON A RECURRING BASIS:      
       
   Level 3 Financial Liabilities - Derivative conversion features and warrant liabilities   
   
  Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016:  

14

Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015:  

Carrying    

Fair Value Measurement Using    

Value    

Level 1    

Level 2    

Level 3    

Total    

Derivative conversion features and warrant liabilities   
   
 $ 
 - 

$ 
 - 

$ 
 - 

$ 
 - 

$ 
 - 

The table below provides a summary of the changes in fair value, including net transfers in and/or out, of all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the period ended September 30, 2016:  

The fair value of the derivative conversion features and warrant liabilities as of September 30, 2016 were calculated using a lattice binomial option model valued with the following weighted average assumptions:  

Changes in the unobservable input values would likely cause material changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial instruments. The significant unobservable input (probability of a down round event) used in the fair value measurement is the estimation of the likelihood of the occurrence of a change in the contractual terms of the financial instruments. A significant increase (decrease) in this likelihood would result in a higher (lower) fair value measurement.    

7)    
 
   STOCK BASED COMPENSATION:      
     
  The Company has a stock based compensation plan, which is described as follows:   
     
  On March 3, 2014, the Board of Directors terminated the Company s 1997 Stock Option and Award Plan and approved and adopted the Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2014 Plan ) which the Company s shareholders approved at the annual shareholders meeting held on May 5, 2014. There were no shares outstanding under the 1997 Stock Option and Award Plan. The 2014 Plan sets aside and reserves 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock for grant and issuance in accordance with its terms and conditions. Persons eligible to receive awards from the 2014 Plan include employees (including officers and directors) of the Company and its affiliates, consultants who provide significant services to the Company or its affiliates and directors who are not employees of the Company or its affiliates (the  Participants ). The 2014 Plan permits the Company to issue to Participants qualified and/or non-qualified options to purchase the Company s common stock, restricted common stock, performance units and performance shares. The 2014 Plan will terminate on March 3, 2024. The Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors has been appointed as the committee responsible for administration of the 2014 Plan and has the sole discretion to determine which Participants will be granted awards and the terms and conditions of the awards granted. Through the date of filing of this Form 10-Q no awards have been granted under the 2014 Plan. Effective November 7, 2016 the plan was amended to include a total of 1,125,000 shares of common stock to be issued under the Employee Stock Option Plan  

15

8)    
 
   CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK:       
     
  The revenues of the Company s top four customers represented approximately 90% of the revenues for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. The revenues of the Company s top four customers represented approximately 90.4% of revenues for the same period in 2015. No other customer represented greater than 10% of the Company s revenues for such periods. The Company continues its effort to broaden its customer base in order to mitigate this risk.  
     
  One of the Company s clients, while continuing the engagement under a Master Services Agreement, issued a notice to terminate, as of May 15, 2016, the arrangement for use of the Offshore Development Center (ODC) provided to the client by the Company. However the ODC, together with all of the employees, is now being utilized by another company (although not one of the Company s clients), thus ensuring that no additional expenses are incurred by the Company with respect to the ODC. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, revenue generated from use of the ODC was approximately $1.80 million and $2.54 million, respectively. For the full-year 2016 and 2015 the total revenue generated from use of the ODC was approximately $1.80 million and approximately $3.57 million, respectively. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able find other clients to make up for the annual revenue shortfall that resulted from the termination of this relationship.  

9)    
 
   CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS:       
     
  The Company s commitments at September 30, 2016 are comprised of the following:  

(1) The Company has a New York facility with a lease term expiring April 30, 2017.  
     
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company does not have any  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements .  

10)    
 
   TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES      
     
   Maruthi Consulting Inc. (A subsidiary of Helios and Matheson Parent )   
     
  The Company has provided consulting services to Maruthi Consulting Inc. The amount receivable for the consulting services as of September 30, 2016 was approximately $61,000 and as of December 31, 2015 was approximately $61,000.  
     
  The Company has also procured services from Maruthi Consulting Inc. The amount payable as of September 30, 2016 was approximately $2,000 and as of December 31, 2015 was approximately $2,000.  
     
  The Company did not have any transactions with Maruthi Consulting Inc. during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

16

Helios and Matheson IT (Bangalore) Ltd. (A subsidiary of Helios and Matheson Information Technology Ltd.)   
     
  During the quarter ending on September 30, 2016, the Company s Indian subsidiary obtained professional services from Helios and Matheson IT (Bangalore) Ltd. which is a subsidiary of Helios and Matheson Information Technology Ltd., formerly the Company s parent. An amount of $178,820 has been included in the Company s operating expenses during the quarter ending September 30, 2016.  

On September 7, 2016,    in conjunction with the issuance of the Notes,    the Company issued warrants to purchase 9,908 shares of the Company s common stock to Palladium Capital Advisors LLC. The warrants are exercisable for five years at an exercise price of $9.36 per share.   
        
  The following is a summary of the Company s stock warrant activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

At September 30, 2016, the total intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $0.  

A  greement and Plan of Merger with Zone Technologies,   Inc.   
       
  On July 7, 2016 , the Company, Zone Acquisition, Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( Sub ), and Zone Technologies, Inc., a privately held Nevada corporation ( Zone ), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ), as amended, pursuant to which Sub was to merge with and into Zone, with Zone surviving as the Company s wholly owned subsidiary (the  Merger ), subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.   On November 9, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), the Merger was consummated.   On the Closing Date the Company issued 1,740,000 shares of the Company s common stock as merger consideration, which represented an exchange ratio of 0.174 shares of the Company s common stock for each share of Zone common stock outstanding.  

17

Nasdaq Hearing Panel s Decision on Continued Listing.   
     
  On July 25, 2016, the Company received written notification that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the  Panel ) granted the Company s request for continued listing on The Nasdaq Stock Market, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions, with the final condition being that the Company shall have publicly announced and informed the Panel, on or before November 15, 2016, that the merger with Zone and a capital raising transaction were complete and, as a result, the Company has stockholders  equity above $2.5 million. As a result of consummating the Merger, the Company believes it currently has stockholders  equity in excess of $2.5 million and is therefore compliant with Nasdaq Rule 5550(b). The Company is awaiting Nasdaq s formal confirmation that it satisfies all requirements for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market.  
     
   Conversion of Notes   
     
  On November 15, 2016 (the  Execution Date ), the Company and the Investor agreed to reduce the Conversion Price, as defined in the Convertible Notes, of $1 million in aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes to (A) with respect to $100,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Note converted on the Execution Date and any conversions occurring on November 16, 2016, $4.51 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar events) and (B) thereafter, with respect to the remaining Convertible Note then outstanding, the Alternate Conversion Price, as defined in the Convertible Notes (except with  80%  replacing  87%  in such definition in the Convertible Notes).  
      
  To date, the Investor has converted a total of $3,401,075 in principal and $32,412.20 in accrued interest into 658,929 shares of the Company s common stock.  
     
  Subsequent to November 15, 2016, The Investor paid the Company $2 million towards the Purchase Price Balance,  

18

Forward-Looking Statements    
     
  This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 throughout and in particular in the discussion at Item 2 titled  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . These are statements regarding financial and operating performance and results and other statements that are not historical facts. The words  expect,   project,   estimate,   believe,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   forecast,  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Certain important risks, including those discussed in the risk factors set forth in Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 which have been incorporated into this report by reference, and those risks discussed in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q could cause results to differ materially from those anticipated by some of the forward-looking statements. Some, but not all, of these risks include, among other things:  

our capital requirements and whether we will be able to raise capital when we need it;     

changes in local, state or federal regulations that will adversely affect our business;     

our ability to sell our products and services;      

our ability to successfully integrate the operations of Zone Technologies, Inc. with our operations;     

our ability to successfully market and sell the RedZone map technology;     

whether we will continue to receive the services of certain officers and directors;     

our ability to protect our intellectual property and operate our business without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others; and     

other uncertainties, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control.     
     
  We do not intend to update forward-looking statements. You should refer to and carefully review the information in future documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
     
   Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
     
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes included at Part I, Item 1 this report as well as our audited 2015 consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. In addition to historical information, the discussion and analysis here and throughout this Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. See the discussion above titled  Forward Looking Statements .   
     
   Overview    
     
  Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc., referred to herein as  Helios and Matheson , the  Company ,  we ,  us  and  our , provides high quality information technology ( IT ) consulting solutions, custom application development and analytics services to Fortune 1000 companies and other large organizations. The Company is headquartered in New York, New York and has a subsidiary in Bangalore, India.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, approximately 95% of the Company's consulting services revenues were generated from clients under time and materials engagements with the remainder generated under fixed-price engagements. The Company has established standard-billing guidelines for consulting services based on the types of services offered. Actual billing rates are established on a project-by-project basis and may vary from the standard guidelines. The Company typically bills its clients for time and materials services on a weekly and monthly basis. Arrangements for fixed-price engagements are made on a case-by-case basis. Consulting services revenues generated under time and materials engagements are recognized as those services are provided. Revenues from fixed fee contracts are recorded when work is performed on the basis of the proportionate performance method, which is based on costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs.  

19

The Company's most significant operating cost is its personnel cost, which is included in cost of revenues. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, gross margin was 30.1% and 26.8% respectively.  
     
  The Company actively manages its personnel utilization rates by monitoring project requirements and timetables. The Company s utilization rate for the three months ending September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was approximately 98% and 99% respectively. As projects are completed, consultants either are re-deployed to new projects at the current client site or to new projects at another client site or are encouraged to participate in the Company s training programs in order to expand their technical skill sets.   
     
  Our goal is to realize consistent growth and competitive advantage through the following strategic initiatives:  

Expand Existing Client Market Share.  We are endeavoring to expand our penetration and market share within our existing client base through client focused sales and marketing initiatives allowing us to offer existing clients a broad suite of technology and analytics services.     

Expand Client Base.  One of our goals is to expand our client base, particularly in the financial services sector. We are endeavoring to broaden the geography of our client base by offering services to many of our existing clients in their offices outside New York and New Jersey and using such contacts as a gateway into new geographies. During the second quarter of 2016, we began working with credit unions in Silicon Valley, California to transform their current systems to include data analytics and insights that will enhance the customer experience and modernize their legacy systems. We are also working with Terafina to implement an Omni Channel Sales and Service platform for the largest credit union in southeastern Washington state to help grow the credit union s membership and enhance its relationships with its existing members.    

Global Delivery.  We are dedicated to providing a flexible delivery model to our clients, which allows for dynamically configurable  right shoring  of service delivery based on each client s needs.     

Operational Efficiency.  We keep a tight rein on discretionary expenditures and selling, general and administrative expenses to enhance our competitiveness.    

Merger with Zone Technologies, Inc.  Through the merger with Zone Technologies, Inc., discussed below, we intend to leverage our artificial intelligence capabilities and deep learning and analytics expertise to enable RedZone Map, a fully functioning app available in the App Store, to further enhance and expand its crime mapping capabilities globally. We believe that integrating our technology with RedZone Map will allow for a faster, more accurate and more precise mapping application. We intend to employ the latest tools to ingest crime data and to classify, normalize and unify the data as single source of truth (SSOT) to be analyzed using deep machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to generate context related signals and draw insights.     
     
   Recent Developments   
       
   Merger with Zone Technologies, Inc.   
     
  On November 9, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), the Company completed its previously disclosed merger (the  Merger ) with Zone Technologies, Inc. ( Zone ) pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 7, 2016, entered into by the Company, Zone Acquisition, Inc. and Zone, as amended by the Waiver and First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 25, 2016 and the Acknowledgment of Satisfaction of Condition and Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 21, 2016.  
     
  On the Closing Date the Company issued 1,740,000 shares of the Company s common stock as merger consideration, which represented an exchange ratio of 0.174 shares of the Company s common stock for each share of Zone common stock outstanding, and Zone Acquisition, Inc., the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, was merged into Zone, with Zone surviving the Merger as the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary.  
     
  Zone is the developer of the proprietary  RedZone Map , a GPS-driven, real-time crime and navigation map application the goal of which is to enhance personal safety worldwide by providing users with real time crime data and a platform for alerting other users to criminal and other safety related occurrences in a navigation map format. Zone s mapping lets users be pro-active when traveling, allowing them to enter a number of different cautionary items such as traffic problems, police sightings, road hazards, accidents and road closures. It also allows users to report a crime and to video upload live incidents.  

20

Sale of Senior Secured Convertible Notes   
      
  On September 7, 2016, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement entered into by the Company with an institutional investor (the  Investor ) and Palladium Capital Advisors LLC ( Palladium, and collectively with the Investor, the  Buyers ), the Company sold and issued Senior Secured Convertible Notes (the  Convertible Notes ) to the Buyers in the aggregate principal amount of $4,381,075 for consideration consisting of (i) a cash payment by the institutional investor in the amount of $1,000,000 together with a secured promissory note (the  Investor Note ) payable by the institutional investor to the Company in the principal amount of $3,000,000. The Notes included an original issue discount of $301,075. In addition to issuing a Convertible Note, the Company issued a 5-year warrant to Palladium as partial payment for its placement agent services. The warrant allows Palladium to purchase 9,908 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $9.36 per share.   
        
  Unless earlier converted or redeemed, the Convertible Notes mature 15 months from the date they were issued and bear interest at a rate of 6% per annum, subject to an increase to 12% during the first 30 days following the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, as defined in the Convertible Notes, and to 18% thereafter.   
      
  The Investors may, at any time, elect to convert the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price (the  Conversion Price ), subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations. The Conversion Price is $8.075. The Company may, with the consent of the Investor, reduce the then-current Conversion Price to any amount equal to or greater than the Floor Price ($4.00) for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Company s Board of Directors. On October 24, 2016, pursuant to Section 7(e) of the Convertible Notes, the Company notified the Investor that the Company desired to permanently lower the Conversion Price from $8.075 to the lower of (a) $5.75 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar events) and (b) the Alternate Conversion Price in effect, from time to time, effective upon the Investor s voluntary prepayment to the Company of $1,000,000 under the Investor Note.   
        
  The Buyers also have the right to convert the Convertible Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at the Alternate Conversion Price, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations. The Alternate Conversion Price is defined as the lowest of (i) the applicable Conversion Price as in effect on the applicable conversion date of the applicable Alternate Conversion, (ii) the greater of (I) the Floor Price ($4.00) and (II) 87% of the quotient of (x) the sum of the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock for each of the five consecutive trading days ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable conversion notice, divided by (y) five.  
      
  To date, the Investor has converted a total of $3,401,075 in principal and $32,412 in accrued interest into 658,929 shares of the Company s common stock.   
     
  The Company and HMNY Zone Loan LLC, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, each entered into a Security and Pledge Agreement in favor of the Investor as Collateral Agent.  
     
  HMNY Zone Loan LLC also provided a Guaranty to the Investor as Collateral Agent whereby HMNY Zone Loan LLC guarantees the punctual payment of all obligations that accrue after the commencement of any insolvency proceeding of the Company.  
     
  Under the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement with the Investor, the Company was required to register for resale the shares of common stock that are issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, additional shares that could be used as payment of monthly interest plus an additional number of shares so that the total number of shares of common stock registered equals 125% of the sum of the maximum number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. The registration statement was filed on September 23, 2016 and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 24, 2016.  
      
  On November 15, 2016 (the  Execution Date ), the Company and the Investor agreed to reduce the Conversion Price of $1 million in aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes to (A) with respect to $100,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Note converted on the Execution Date and any conversions occurring on November 16, 2016, $4.51 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar events) and (B) thereafter, with respect to the remaining Convertible Note then outstanding, the Alternate Conversion Price, as defined in the Convertible Notes (except with  80%  replacing  87%  in such definition in the Convertible Notes).   
     
  The foregoing discussion is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
     
   Loans made to Zone   
     
  On September 7, 2016 and October 25, 2016, Zone executed promissory notes in the amounts of $750,000 and $383,305, respectively, in favor of HMNY Zone Loan LLC, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary. The promissory notes are secured by a first priority lien on all of Zone s assets pursuant to the Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2016, between Zone and HMNY Zone Loan LLC.  

21

Change in Controlled Company Status   
     
  Following the Merger, the Company ceased to be a Controlled Company, as defined in Rule 5615(c)(1) of the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market.  
     
   Critical Accounting Policies   
     
  The methods, estimates and judgments the Company uses in applying its most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results the Company reports in its consolidated financial statements. The Company evaluates its estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. Estimates are based on historical experience and on assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The Company s experience and assumptions form the basis for its judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may vary from what is anticipated and different assumptions or estimates about the future could change reported results. The Company believes the following accounting policies are the most critical to it, in that they are important to the portrayal of its financial statements and they require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.  
     
    Revenue Recognition    
     
  Consulting revenues are recognized as services are provided. The Company primarily provides consulting services under time and material contracts, whereby revenue is recognized as hours and costs are incurred. Customers for consulting revenues are billed on a weekly, semi-monthly or monthly basis. Revenues from fixed fee contracts are recorded when work is performed on the basis of the proportionate performance method, which is based on costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs. Any anticipated contract losses are estimated and accrued at the time they become known and estimable. Revenues from recruitment process outsourcing, or RPO, services are recorded when the service is performed. Unbilled accounts receivables represent amounts recognized as revenue based on services performed in advance of customer billings. Revenue from sales of software licenses is recognized upon delivery of the software to a customer because future obligations associated with such revenue are insignificant.  
     
    Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    
     
  The Company monitors its accounts receivable balances on a monthly basis to ensure that they are collectible. On a quarterly basis, the Company uses its historical experience to accurately determine its accounts receivable reserve. The Company s allowance for doubtful accounts is an estimate based on specifically identified accounts as well as general reserves. The Company evaluates specific accounts where it has information that the customer may have an inability to meet its financial obligations. In these cases, management uses its judgment, based on the best available facts and circumstances, and records a specific reserve for that customer, against amounts due, to reduce the receivable to the amount that is expected to be collected. These specific reserves are re-evaluated and adjusted as additional information is received that impacts the amount reserved. The Company also establishes a general reserve for all customers based on a range of percentages applied to aging categories. These percentages are based on historical collection and write-off experience. If circumstances change, the Company s estimate of the recoverability of amounts due the Company could be reduced or increased by a material amount. Such a change in estimated recoverability would be accounted for in the period in which the facts that give rise to the change become known  .  
     
    Derivative Instruments     
   
  The Company evaluates its convertible notes and warrants to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with Paragraph 815-10-05-4 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and Paragraph 815-40-25 of the Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statements of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to equity.  
     
  In circumstances where the embedded conversion option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument.   
     
  The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current to correspond with its host instrument.  

22

The Company marks to market the fair value of the remaining embedded derivative warrants at each balance sheet date and records the change in the fair value of the remaining embedded derivative warrants as other income or expense in the statements of operations.  
     
  The Company utilizes the lattice binomial model that values the liability of the debt conversion feature derivative financial instruments and derivative warrants based on a probability of a down round event. The reason the Company selected the lattice binomial model is that in many cases there may be multiple embedded features or the features of the bifurcated derivatives may be so complex that a Black-Scholes valuation does not consider all of the terms of the instrument. Therefore, the fair value may not be appropriately captured by simple models. In other words, simple models such as Black-Scholes may not be appropriate in many situations given the complex features and terms of conversion option (e.g., combined embedded derivatives). The lattice binomial model is based on future projections of the various potential outcomes. The features that are analyzed and incorporated into the model include the exercise and full reset features. Based on these features, there are two primary events that can occur; the holder exercises the derivative instrument or the derivative instrument is held until it expires. The binomial model analyzes the underlying economic factors that influence which of these events would occur, when they are likely to occur, and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. stock price, exercise price, volatility, etc.). Projections are then made on the underlying factors which lead to potential scenarios. Probabilities are assigned to each scenario based on management projections. A discounted weighted average cash flow over the various scenarios is completed to determine the value of the derivative instrument.  

23

The Company marks to market the fair value of the remaining embedded derivative warrants at each balance sheet date and records the change in the fair value of the remaining embedded derivative warrants as other income or expense in the statements of operations.  
     
  The Company utilizes the lattice binomial model that values the liability of the debt conversion feature derivative financial instruments and derivative warrants based on a probability weighted discounted cash flow model with the assistance of the third party valuation firm. The reason the Company selected the lattice binomial model is that in many cases there may be multiple embedded features or the features of the bifurcated derivatives may be so complex that a Black-Scholes valuation does not consider all of the terms of the instrument. Therefore, the fair value may not be appropriately captured by simple models. In other words, simple models such as Black-Scholes may not be appropriate in many situations given the complex features and terms of conversion option (e.g., combined embedded derivatives). The lattice binomial model is based on future projections of the various potential outcomes. The features that are analyzed and incorporated into the model include the exercise and full reset features. Based on these features, there are two primary events that can occur; the holder exercises the derivative instrument or the derivative instrument is held until it expires. The binomial model analyzes the underlying economic factors that influence which of these events would occur, when they are likely to occur, and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. stock price, exercise price, volatility, etc.). Projections are then made on the underlying factors which lead to potential scenarios. Probabilities are assigned to each scenario based on management projections. This leads to a cash flow projection and a probability associated with that cash flow. A discounted weighted average cash flow over the various scenarios is completed to determine the value of the derivative instrument.  
         
    Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets    
     
  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of the Company, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company assesses the recoverability of deferred tax assets at least annually based upon the Company s ability to generate sufficient future taxable income and the availability of effective tax planning strategies.   
     
    Stock Based Compensation    
     
  The Company uses the modified prospective application method as specified by the FASB whereby compensation cost is recognized over the remaining service period based on the grant-date fair value of those awards as calculated for pro forma disclosures as originally issued.  
     
   Results of Operations   
     
  The following table sets forth the percentage of revenues of certain items included in the Company s Statement of Operations  and Comprehensive Loss :  

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   
     
   Revenues.  Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were approximately $1.72 million and $2.5 million respectively.  The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in the number of onshore consultants, who are billed at a higher hourly rate, and also due to the termination, in May 2016, of a contract for delivery of offshore services with one of the Company s major clients.    
      
   Gross Profit.  The resulting gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $590,424 as compared to $746,106 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. As a percentage of total revenues, gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was 34.3% compared to 30.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in gross margin percentage is due to an increase in high margin consulting and fixed price project revenue.     

24

Operating Expenses.  Operating expenses are comprised of selling, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization. Operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $743,781 as compared to $664,437 for the same period in 2015. The increase in SG A expenses for the period resulted from an increase in professional services, certification fees and expenses incurred by the subsidiary based in India.  
     
   Taxes.  Tax provisions for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were $3,000 and are comprised exclusively of minimum state taxes.  
     
   Net Loss.  As a result of the above, the Company had a net loss of ($923,670) or ($0.40) per basic and diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net loss of approximately ($2.3 million) or ($0.97) per basic and diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The Company s loss for the three months ended September 30, 2015 resulted from the decision to provide for a reserve in its September 30, 2015 financial statements in the amount of $2.344 million due to an uncertainty relating to the ability of Helios and Matheson Information Technology Ltd. ( HMIT ), formerly the Company s parent, to immediately (i) return the security deposit, in the amount of $2 million, held by HMIT in connection with the Memorandum of Understanding entered into between the Company and HMIT in September 2010, and (ii) pay approximately $344,000 in reimbursable expenses, and advances relating to the Company s operations in India and the Professional Services Agreement entered into between the Company and HMIT in August 2014.  
     
   Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   
     
   Revenues   .   Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $5.6 million compared to $7.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in the number of onshore consultants, who are billed at a higher hourly rate, and also due to the termination, in May 2016, of a contract for delivery of offshore services with one of the Company s major clients.  
      
   Gross Profit . Gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $1.7 million as compared to approximately $2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As a percentage of total revenues, gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 30.1% compared to 26.8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in gross margin percentage is due to an increase in high margin consulting and fixed price project revenue.   

Operating Expenses . Operating expenses are comprised of selling, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization. Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were approximately $2.08 million and $1.77, million respectively. The increase in SG A expenses for the period resulted from an increase in professional services, merger related expenses and expenses incurred by the subsidiary based in India.  
     
   Taxes . Tax provisions for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $37,247 and $9,000, respectively. Tax for the period ended September 30, 2016 was comprised of minimum state taxes and a provision for tax in respect of taxes incurred by the Company s Indian subsidiary. Tax for the period ended September 30, 2015 was comprised of minimum state taxes.  
   
   Net Loss . As a result of the above, the Company had a net loss of ($1,198,325) or ($0.51) per basic and diluted share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net loss of approximately ($2.14 million) or $(0.92) per basic and diluted share for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Company s loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted from the decision to provide for a reserve in its September 30, 2015 financial statements in the amount of $2.344 million due to an uncertainty relating to the ability of Helios and Matheson Information Technology Ltd. ( HMIT ), formerly the Company s parent, to immediately (i) return the security deposit, in the amount of $2 million, held by HMIT in connection with the Memorandum of Understanding entered into between the Company and HMIT in September 2010, and (ii) pay approximately $344,000 in reimbursable expenses, and advances relating to the Company s operations in India and the Professional Services Agreement entered into between the Company and HMIT in August 2014.  

25

Liquidity and Capital Resources    
   
  The Company's cash balances were approximately $1.2 million at September 30, 2016 and $900,000 at December 31, 2015. Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $39,578 compared to ($368,602) of cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
     
  The Company's accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts, at September 30, 2016 and at December 31, 2015 were approximately $1.03 million and $1.39 million, respectively, representing 54 days of sales outstanding ( DSO ) respectively. The Company has provided an allowance for doubtful accounts at the end of each of the periods presented. After giving effect to this allowance, the Company does not anticipate any difficulty in collecting amounts due.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 net cash used in investing activities was $749,133 while net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $3,129. The increase was primarily attributable to a $750,000 loan made to Zone.  
     
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 net cash provided by financing activities was $1,000,000 and there were no cash flows from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
       
  In management's opinion, cash generated from operations and existing cash on hand will provide adequate flexibility for funding the Company's working capital obligations for the next twelve months.   
     
   Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   
     
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company does not have any off balance sheet arrangements.  
     
   Contractual Obligations and Commitments   
     
  The Company s commitments at September 30, 2016 are reflected and further detailed in the Contractual Obligation table located in Part I, Item 1, Note 7 of this Form 10-Q.   
     
   Inflation   
     
  The Company has not suffered material adverse effects from inflation in the past. However, a substantial increase in the inflation rate in the future may adversely affect customers  purchasing decisions, may increase the costs of borrowing or may have an adverse impact on the Company s margins and overall cost structure.  
     
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
     
  In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014 15, Presentation of Financial Statements- Going Concern.  The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2013-300-Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Going Concern Presumption, which has been deleted. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2014-15 on the consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In April 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016 09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation  (topic 718). The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting for employee share based payments and affect all organizations that issue share based payment awards to their employees. Several aspects of the accounting for share based payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.  
     
  During January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ( ASU 2016-01 ). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted with the exception of certain provisions related to the presentation of other comprehensive income. The adoption of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

26

In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016 02  Leases  (topic 842), which creates new accounting and reporting guidelines for leasing arrangements. The new guidance requires organizations that lease assets to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet related to the rights and obligations created by those leases, regardless of whether they are classified as finance or operating leases. Consistent with current guidance, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. The guidance also requires new disclosures to help financial statement users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, with early application permitted. The new standard is to be applied using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new pronouncement on its financial statements.  
       
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06,  Contingent Put and Call Option in Debt Instruments  ( ASU 2016-06 ). ASU 2016-06 is intended to simplify the analysis of embedded derivatives for debt instruments that contain contingent put or call options. The amendments in ASU 2016-06 clarify that an entity is required to assess the embedded call or put options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. Consequently, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to initially assess whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. The amendments in ASU 2016-06 take effect for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016 01 to have a significant impact on its financial statements.  
     
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements.   
     
   Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
     
  Not required.  

27

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   
     
  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. As of September 30, 2016, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Interim Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )). Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. The Company s system of internal controls did not effectively ensure completeness and accuracy with regard to the accounting of complex instruments and disclosure of related party transactions.  
        
  Changes in internal control. During the quarter covered by this report, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.  
     
   Part II.  Other Information   
     
   Item 1.  Legal Proceedings   
     
  On August 24, 2016, 3839 Holdings LLC ( 3839 Holdings ) filed a summons and complaint against Theodore Farnsworth ( Mr. Farnsworth ), Highland Holdings Group, Inc. ( HHGI ) and Zone Technologies, Inc. ( Zone ), collectively referred to as the  Defendants . The claims arise out of 3839 Holdings  purchase of a 10% interest in HHGI and an unsuccessful real estate investment by HHGI. The Complaint asserts claims for: (i) breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing and breach of fiduciary duty against Mr. Farnsworth and HHGI; (ii) unjust enrichment against Mr. Farnsworth and Zone; (iii) fraudulent conveyance against all of the Defendants; and (iv) alter ego liability against Mr. Farnsworth for HHGI s obligations. The suit also seeks, as part of any final relief it may obtain after trial, an injunction against the merger between Zone and the Company, along with an award of attorneys  fees. The Complaint does not request any preliminary injunctive relief regarding the merger.  
     
   Item 1A. Risk Factors   
     
  We incorporate herein by reference the risk factors included under Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2016. In addition to the risks factors included in our Form 10-K, we are subject to the following risks:  
     
    The merger with Zone involves risks associated with acquisitions and integrating the acquired business of Zone and the intended benefits of the Merger may not be realized.    
         
  The merger with Zone involves risks associated with acquisitions and integrating the acquired business of Zone into our existing operations, including, but not limited to, the failure of Zone to perform as well as we anticipate and unexpected costs, delays, and challenges may arise in integrating Zone into our existing operations.  
     
  Even if we successfully integrate Zone into our operations, it may not be possible to realize the full benefits we anticipate or we may not realize these benefits within the expected timeframe. If we fail to realize the benefits we anticipate from the merger with Zone, then our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.  
     
    We have incurred significant transaction costs in connection with the merger.    
         
  We have incurred significant costs in connection with the merger including legal, accounting, consulting, and related fees. We may incur additional costs to retain key employees. We may also incur fees and costs related to formulating integration plans. We may be unable to realize efficiencies with the merger that would allow us, over time, to offset the costs incurred in connection with the merger.  
     
    There has been a limited trading market for our common stock.    
     
  Prior to the announcement of the merger with Zone, there was not an active market for our common stock and there were several days during the period from January 1, 2016 to the announcement of the merger on June 6, 2016 when there were no reported trades of shares of our common stock. The day following the announcement of the merger, the sale price of our common stock increased to a high of $15.56 and over 15.8 million shares were traded. Since that date, both the price and the trading volume of shares of our common stock have declined. A lack of an active market may impair the ability of our stockholders to sell shares at the time they wish to sell them or at a price that they consider reasonable. The lack of an active market may also reduce the market value of our shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of capital stock and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our common stock as consideration.  

28

The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the merger with Zone.    
         
  The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the merger with Zone if, among other things, we are unable to achieve growth in earnings or if we do not otherwise achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by investors in our common stock or if the effect of the merger on our financial results is not consistent with the expectations of investors in our common stock.  
     
    Because we do not expect to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future, you must rely on appreciation of our common stock price for any return on your investment.    
     
  We do not intend to pay cash dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial performance, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, you will have to rely on capital appreciation, if any, to earn a return on your investment in our common stock. Investors seeking cash dividends in the foreseeable future should not purchase our common stock.  
     
    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we sustained net losses and we expect to incur net losses in the near term.     
     
  We incurred a net loss of approximately $1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Following the merger and because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the research, development and commercialization efforts related to Zone s technology and the growth of our historical business, we expect losses for the combined company to continue in the near term. These losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our working capital, total assets and stockholders  equity.  
     
   Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
     
  None  
     
   Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
     
  None  
     
   Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosure    
     
  Not Applicable  
     
   Item 5.  Other Information    
     
  Not Applicable  

29

Item   6 .  Exhibits   
     
   (a)        Exhibits       

2.1   
 
  Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc., Zone Acquisition, Inc. and Zone Technologies, Inc., incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2016.     

2.2   
 
  Waiver and First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 31, 2016.     

2.3   
 
  Acknowledgement of Satisfaction of Condition and Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22, 2016.      

3.1   
 
  Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the form 10-K, as previously filed with the SEC on March 31, 2010.     

3.2   
 
  Bylaws of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 10-K, as previously filed with the SEC on March 31, 2010.     

10.1   
 
  Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 7, 2016, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.2   
 
  Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note issued by the registrant on September 7, 2014, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.3   
 
  Promissory Note issued by an institutional investor to the registrant on September 7, 2016, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.4   
 
  Registration Rights Agreement dated September 7, 2016, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.5   
 
  Security and Pledge Agreement dated September 7, 2016 issued by the registrant, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.6   
 
  Security and Pledge Agreement dated September 7, 2016 issued by HMNY Zone Loan LLC, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.7   
 
  Guaranty dated September 7, 2016 issued by HMNY Zone Loan LLC, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.8   
 
  Voting and Lockup Agreement dated September 7, 2016 between the registrant and Helios and Matheson Information Technology Ltd., incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.9   
 
  Warrant dated September 7, 2016 and issued to Palladium Capital Advisors, LLC, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.10   
 
  Promissory Note issued in favor of HMNY Zone Loan LLC by Zone Technologies, Inc., incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

10.11   
 
  Security and Pledge Agreement issued by Zone Technologies, Inc. in favor of HMNY Zone Loan LLC, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2016.     

30

10.12   
 
  Amendment to Promissory Note and Security and Pledge Agreement.     

101.SCH   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema     

101.CAL   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase     

101.DEF   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase     

101.LAB   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase     

101.PRE   
 
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase     
   +  Furnished, not filed.   

31

SIGNATURES      
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   
     
   HELIOS AND MATHESON ANALYTICS INC.   

By:     
 
  /s/ Parthasarathy Krishnan    

Date: November 18, 2016   
 
 Parthasarathy Krishnan    

President, Chief Executive (Principal  
  
    Executive Officer) and Interim Chief  
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial   
  Officer)     

32    

<EX-10.12>
 2
 ex10-12.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.12
 
   ex1.htm 

Exhibit 10.12   
     
  AMENDMENT TO PROMISSORY NOTE  
  AND SECURITY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT  
     
  This Amendment to Promissory Note and Security and Pledge Agreement (this  Amendment ) is made effective the 25th day of October 2016 (the  Effective Date ) by Zone Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation ( Maker ), and HMNY Zone Loan LLC., a Delaware limited liability company ( Payee ).  
     
  Capitalized terms not defined in this Amendment shall have the definitions set forth in that certain Promissory Note dated September 7, 2016, as described below (the  Note ).  
     
  R E C I T A L S  
     
  A.     Maker has previously executed the Note in favor of Payee in the Principal amount of Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A and by this reference incorporated herein.  
     
  B.     To secure repayment of the Note, Maker executed and delivered to Payee that certain Security and Pledge Agreement dated as of September 7, 2016, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B and by this reference incorporated herein (the  Security Agreement ).  
     
  C.     Maker has requested, and Payee has agreed, to increase the Principal of the Note.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, Maker and Payee, in consideration of their mutual promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, hereby agree to amend the Note as follows:  
  AGREEMENT  
     
  1.     The Principal of the Note shall be increased to One Million One Hundred and Thirty-Three Thousand Three Hundred and Five Dollars ($1,133,305).  
     
  2.     The Security and Pledge Agreement is hereby amended so that any reference to the  Note  in the Security Agreement shall mean the Note as amended by this Amendment.  
     
  3.     This Amendment represents the entire agreement among Maker and Payee as to the subject matter hereof.  
     
  4.     This Amendment may be executed in any number of original counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The signature pages of any counterpart may be detached therefrom without impairing the legal effect of the signature(s) thereon provided such signature pages are attached to any other counterpart identical thereto.  
     
  5.     Except as set forth in this Amendment, the Note and the Security Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as originally executed by Maker.  

MAKER:   

Zone Technologies, Inc. 

By:    
 
  /s/  Theodore Farnsworth   

Theodore Farnsworth, Chief Executive Officer  

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY  
     
  HMNY Zone Loan LLC  

By: /s/ Narayanan G. Kallingal             
        Narayanan G. Kallingal, President  

2

EXHIBIT A  
  Copy of Promissory Note  

3

PROMISSORY NOTE   

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Zone Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (  Maker  ), promises to pay to the order of HMNY Zone Loan LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  Payee  ), the principal sum of Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($750,000) (the   Principal  ) plus (the   Interest  ) at such times and in the manner set forth herein. The Principal and Interest are collectively referred to herein as the   Obligations  , and all payments thereof shall be payable to Payee in lawful money of the United States of America at Empire State Building, 350 5th Avenue, New York, New York 10118 or wherever otherwise designated in writing from time to time by Payee. All defined terms used in this Note unless otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the  Security Agreement  (defined below).  
     
  All Principal shall be due and payable on the earlier of (i) September 6, 2017 or (ii) the date on which the  Notes  (as defined in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2016 by and among the Parent and the buyers named therein as purchasers of the Notes) become due and payable as a result of the acceleration of the payment obligation under such Notes; provided however prior to accelerating the Notes, Maker shall be given five (5) days prior notice and the right to cure any default under the Notes. All Principal outstanding from time to time hereunder shall accrue Interest until paid in full at a rate per annum equal to six percent (6%), calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days. All accrued Interest shall be payable (i) monthly in arrears, commencing on the date which is fifteen (15) days after the date on which the Merger is effected or the Merger is abandoned pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (ii) on the day of each subsequent month, which numerically corresponds to the first day on which interest is due and payable, and (iii) on the date the Principal is paid. In the event Parent or Zone Acquisition, Inc. shall be liable to make any payment to Borrower pursuant to Section 6.2 or 6.3 of the Merger Agreement, such amount due Borrower at the election of the Borrower shall be applied as a credit against the amounts due under this Note.  
     
  This Note is secured by that certain Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2016 by and between Maker and Payee (  Security Agreement  ).  
     
  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default Maker shall within one (1) Business Day give to Payee written notice thereof, which notice shall be delivered in accordance with Section 9 of the Security Agreement. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Payee, may declare all of the Obligations to be immediately due and payable. Maker may prepay from time to time all or any portion of the then outstanding Principal without premium or penalty of any kind or nature. Any accrued Interest on the portion of the Principal which is prepaid shall be paid concurrently with such Principal payment.  
     
  No provision of this Note shall be deemed to establish or require the payment of Interest at a rate in excess of the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. In the event that the Interest required to be paid under this Note exceeds the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, the Interest required to be paid hereunder shall be automatically reduced to the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. In the event any Interest paid exceeds the then applicable legal rate, the excess of such Interest over the maximum amount of interest permitted to be charged shall automatically be deemed to be applied to reduce unpaid costs, if any; then to reduce accrued and unpaid Interest, if any; and then to reduce Principal; the balance of any excess interest remaining after application of the foregoing, if any, shall be refunded to Maker.   

4

If any action is taken on this Note, Maker shall pay all cost of collection incurred by Payee, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees.  
     
  All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Any action to enforce the terms of this Note shall be brought solely in the Federal and state courts located in the State and County of New York.  
     
  MAKER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.  
     
  [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]  

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker has executed and delivered this Note as of the date and year first above written.  

Zone Technologies, Inc.   

By:    
 
  /s/  Theodore Farnsworth  

Its:  
 
   CEO  

6

EXHIBIT B  
  Copy of Security Agreement  

7

SECURITY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT   
     
   SECURITY   AND PLEDGE   AGREEMENT , dated as of September 7, 2016 (this   Agreement  ), made by HMNY Zone Loan LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc. (  Parent  ) with offices located at Empire State Building, 350 5th Avenue, New York, New York 10118 (the   Lender  ) and Zone Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation with offices located at 801 Brickell Avenue, Suite 900, Miami, Florida 33131 (  Borrower  ).   
     
    W       I       T       N       E       S       S       E       T       H   :   
     
  WHEREAS, Borrower wishes to obtain a $750,000 loan (the   Loan  ) from Lender and Lender is willing to make the Loan to Borrower provided Borrower grants to Lender a first priority security interest in and lien upon all of Borrower s personal property now owned or hereafter acquired to secure the repayment of the Loan and the payment of all interest thereon;   
     
  WHEREAS, to obtain the Loan Borrower is willing to grant to Lender the above referenced security interest and lien.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements herein and in order to induce the Lender to make the Loan to Borrower, Borrower agrees with the Lender as follows:  
     
  I.        Definitions   .  
     
  A.       All terms used in this Agreement and the recitals hereto which are defined in the Code, and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as set forth therein;  provided  that terms used herein which are defined in the Code on the date hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of the Code except as the Lender may otherwise determine.  
     
  B.       The following terms shall have the respective meanings provided for in the Code:  Accounts ,  Account Debtor ,  Cash Proceeds ,  Certificate of Title ,  Chattel Paper ,  Commercial Tort Claim ,  Commodity Account ,  Commodity Contracts ,  Deposit Account ,  Documents ,  Electronic Chattel Paper ,  Equipment ,  Fixtures ,  General Intangibles ,  Goods ,  Instruments ,  Inventory ,  Investment Property ,  Letter-of-Credit Rights ,  Payment Intangibles ,  Proceeds ,  Promissory Note ,  Security ,  Record ,  Security Account ,  Software , and  Supporting Obligations .  
     
  C.       As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below, such meanings to be applicable equally to both the singular and plural forms of such terms:  
     
    Affiliate     of any Person means any other Person which, directly or indirectly, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such Person and any officer or director of such Person. A Person shall be deemed to be  controlled by  any other Person if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, power to vote 10% or more of the securities (on a fully diluted basis) having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or managers or power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise.  

8

Bankruptcy Code   means Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C.    101 et seq. (or other applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws).  
     
    Borrower   shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.  
     
    Business Day   means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed.  
     
    Capital Stock   means (i) with respect to any Person that is a corporation, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated and whether or not voting) of corporate stock (including, without limitation, any warrants, options, rights or other securities exercisable or convertible into equity interests or securities of such Person), and (ii) with respect to any Person that is not a corporation, any and all partnership, membership or other equity interests of such Person.  
     
    Closing Date   means the date the Lender initially funds the Loan.  
     
    Code   means Articles 8 or 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York;  provided  that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York,  Code  means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority.  
     
    Collateral   shall have the meaning set forth in  Section 2(a)  of this Agreement.  
     
    Controlled Account Agreement   means a deposit account control agreement or securities account control agreement with respect to a Pledged Account, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time.  
     
    Controlled Accounts   means the Deposit Accounts, Commodity Accounts, Securities Accounts, and/or Foreign Currency Controlled Account of the Borrower listed on  Schedule IV  attached hereto.  
     
    Copyright Licenses   means all licenses, contracts or other agreements, whether written or oral, naming Borrower as licensee or licensor and providing for the grant of any right to use or sell any works covered by any Copyright (including, without limitation, all Copyright Licenses set forth in  Schedule II  hereto).  
     
    Copyrights   means all domestic and foreign copyrights, whether registered or not, including, without limitation, all copyright rights throughout the universe (whether now or hereafter arising) in any and all media (whether now or hereafter developed), in and to all original works of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression, acquired or used by Borrower (including, without limitation, all copyrights described in  Schedule II  hereto), all applications, registrations and recordings thereof (including, without limitation, applications, registrations and recordings in the United States Copyright Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof), and all reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations in part and extensions or renewals thereof.  

9

Domestic Subsidiary   means any Subsidiary other than a Foreign Subsidiary.  
     
    Event of   Default   means any of the following to occur after five (5) days prior written Notice to Borrower from the Lender, during which Borrower fails to cure such Event of Default:  

(i)   
 
  Borrower fails to pay: (i) when and as required to be paid under the Note, including, without limitation, any principal of the Note or interest accrued thereon or (ii) within 10 calendar days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder; or     

(ii)   
 
  Borrower fails to perform or observe any material term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement other than the payment of money which is the subject of clause (i) above and such failure continues for 14 calendar days; or     

(iii)   
 
  Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of Borrower herein, or in the Note or any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact contained herein is or becomes false or misleading at any time; or     

(iv)     
 
  Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of Borrower in that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 7, 2016, by and among Parent, Borrower and Zone Acquisition, Inc., a Nevada corporation, as amended by that certain Waiver and First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 16, 2016 (the   Merger Agreement  ) or in any document delivered in connection with the Merger Agreement shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact contained herein is or becomes false or misleading at any time;     

(v)   
 
  Any material breach or default by Borrower under the Merger Agreement which is not cured within any cure period provided in the Merger Agreement;     

(vi)   
 
  Borrower institutes or consents to the institution of any Insolvency Proceeding or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any Insolvency Proceeding relating to Borrower or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of Borrower and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such Insolvency Proceeding; or     

10

(vii)   
 
  Borrower becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of Borrower and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 60 calendar days after its issue or levy; or     

(viii)   
 
  There is entered against Borrower: one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) exceeding $50,000; or     

(ix)   
 
  The Note or this Agreement or any provision thereof, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or Borrower contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of the Note or this Agreement or any provision hereof or thereof other than a contest based solely on all of the Obligations having already been paid or satisfied in full; or Borrower denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under the Note or this Agreement other than a denial based solely on all of the Obligations having already been paid or satisfied in full, or revokes, terminates or rescinds or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind the Note or this Agreement or any provision thereof.     
     
    Excluded Collateral   means such portion of the voting Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary in excess of 65% of the issued and outstanding voting Capital Stock of such Foreign Subsidiary at any time the pledging of more than 65% of the total outstanding voting Capital Stock of such Foreign Subsidiary would result in a material adverse tax consequence to Borrower.  
     
    Foreign Currency Controlled Accounts   means any Controlled Account of Borrower or its Subsidiaries holding non-United States dollar deposits.  
     
    Foreign Subsidiary   means any Subsidiary of Borrower organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States, any of the states thereof, Puerto Rico or the District of Columbia.  
     
    GAAP   means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied.  
     
    Governmental Authority   means any nation or government, any Federal, state, city, town, municipality, county, local, foreign or other political subdivision thereof or thereto and any department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality, agency or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.  

11

Insolvency Proceeding   means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of the Bankruptcy Code or under any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, or extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other similar relief.  
     
    Intellectual Property   means, collectively, the Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents.  
     
    Intellectual Property Security Agreement   means the Intellectual Property Security Agreement required to be delivered pursuant to  Section 5(h)(i)  of this Agreement, in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit A .   
     
    Lender   shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.  
     
    Licenses   means, collectively, the Copyright Licenses, the Trademark Licenses and the Patent Licenses.  
     
    Lien   means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, adverse claim or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets.  
     
    Note   means that certain promissory note of Borrower in favor of the Lender, dated September 7, 2016 in the initial principal amount of $750,000.  
     
    Obligations   shall have the meaning set forth in  Section 3  of this Agreement.  
     
    Paid in Full   or   Payment in Full   means the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all of the Obligations.  
     
    Patent Licenses   means all licenses, contracts or other agreements, whether written or oral, naming Borrower as licensee or licensor and providing for the grant of any right to manufacture, use or sell any invention covered by any Patent (including, without limitation, all Patent Licenses set forth in  Schedule II  hereto).  
     
    Patents   means all domestic and foreign letters patent, design patents, utility patents, industrial designs, inventions, trade secrets, ideas, concepts, methods, techniques, processes, proprietary information, technology, know-how, formulae, rights of publicity and other general intangibles of like nature, now existing or hereafter acquired (including, without limitation, all domestic and foreign letters patent, design patents, utility patents, industrial designs, inventions, trade secrets, ideas, concepts, methods, techniques, processes, proprietary information, technology, know-how and formulae described in  Schedule II  hereto), all applications, registrations and recordings thereof (including, without limitation, applications, registrations and recordings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or in any similar office or agency of the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof), and all reissues, reexaminations, divisions, continuations, continuations in part and extensions or renewals thereof.  

12

Perfection Requirement  or  Perfection Requirements   shall have the meaning set forth in  Section 4(j)  of this Agreement.  
     
    Person   means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, joint venture or other enterprise or entity or Governmental Authority.  
     
    Pledged Accounts   means all of Borrower s right, title and interest in all of its Deposit Accounts, Commodity Accounts and Securities Accounts (in all cases, including, without limitation, all Controlled Accounts and Foreign Currency Control Accounts).  
     
    Pledged Entity   means, each Person listed from time to time on  Schedule IV  hereto as a  Pledged Entity,  together with each other Person, any right in or interest in or to all or a portion of whose Capital Stock is acquired or otherwise owned by Borrower after the date hereof.  
     
    Pledged Equity   means all of Borrower s right, title and interest in and to all of the Securities and Capital Stock now or hereafter owned by Borrower, regardless of class or designation, including all substitutions therefor and replacements thereof, all proceeds thereof and all rights relating thereto, also including any certificates representing the Securities and/or Capital Stock, the right to receive any certificates representing any of the Securities and/or Capital Stock, all warrants, options, share appreciation rights and other rights, contractual or otherwise, in respect thereof, and the right to receive dividends, distributions of income, profits, surplus, or other compensation by way of income or liquidating distributions, in cash or in kind, and cash, instruments, and other property from time to time received, receivable, or otherwise distributed in respect of or in addition to, in substitution of, on account of, or in exchange for any or all of the foregoing.  
     
    Pledged Operating Agreements   means all of Borrower s rights, powers and remedies under the limited liability company operating agreements of each of the Pledged Entities that are limited liability companies, as may be amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time.  
     
    Pledged Partnership Agreements   means all of Borrower s rights, powers, and remedies under the partnership agreements of each of the Pledged Entities that are partnerships, as may be amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time.  
     
    Redzone Map Code   means any and all Software Code which directly or indirectly creates or is used in the creation of location based crime maps.  
     
    Software Code   means any and all source code or executable code for client code, server code, and middleware code (as those terms are generally used in the software development industry), and any and all database schemas, database backup , test scripts, other scripts, architecture diagrams, data models and other documentation related thereto.  
     
    Subsidiary   means any Person in which Borrower directly or indirectly, (i) owns any of the outstanding Capital Stock or holds any equity or similar interest of such Person or (ii) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and all of the foregoing, collectively,   Subsidiaries  .  

13

Trademark Licenses   means all licenses, contracts or other agreements, whether written or oral, naming Borrower as licensor or licensee and providing for the grant of any right concerning any Trademark, together with any goodwill connected with and symbolized by any such licenses, contracts or agreements and the right to prepare for sale or lease and sell or lease any and all Inventory now or hereafter owned by Borrower and now or hereafter covered by such licenses, contracts or agreements (including, without limitation, all Trademark Licenses described in  Schedule II  hereto).  
     
    Trademarks   means all domestic and foreign trademarks, service marks, collective marks, certification marks, trade names, business names, d/b/a s, assumed names, Internet domain names, trade styles, designs, logos and other source or business identifiers and all general intangibles of like nature, now or hereafter owned, adopted, acquired or used by Borrower (including, without limitation, all domestic and foreign trademarks, service marks, collective marks, certification marks, trade names, business names, d/b/a s, assumed names, Internet domain names, trade styles, designs, logos and other source or business identifiers described in  Schedule II  hereto), all applications, registrations and recordings thereof (including, without limitation, applications, registrations and recordings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any state thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof), and all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof, together with all goodwill of the business symbolized by such marks and all customer lists, formulae and other Records of Borrower relating to the distribution of products and services in connection with which any of such marks are used.  
     
    Transaction Documents   means this Agreement, the Note, the Intellectual Property Security Agreement and all Controlled Account Agreements, if any.  
     
  II.        Grant of Security Interest   
     
  A.       As collateral security for the due and punctual payment and performance all of the Obligations, as and when due, Borrower hereby pledges and assigns to the Lender, and grants to the Lender, a continuing first priority security interest in, all personal property of Borrower, wherever located and whether now or hereafter existing and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, of every kind, nature and description, whether tangible or intangible (collectively, the   Collateral  ), including, without limitation, the following:  
     
  1.       all Accounts;  
     
  2.       all Chattel Paper (whether tangible or Electronic Chattel Paper);  
     
  3.       all Commercial Tort Claims, including, without limitation, those specified on  Schedule VI  hereto;  
     
  4.       all Documents;  
     
  5.       all Equipment;  
     
  6.       all Fixtures;  

14

7.       all General Intangibles (including, without limitation, all Payment Intangibles);  
     
  8.       all Goods;  
     
  9.       all Instruments (including, without limitation, the Promissory Note and each certificated Security);  
     
  10.       all Inventory;  
     
  11.       all Investment Property (and, regardless of whether classified as Investment Property under the Code, all Pledged Equity, Pledged Operating Agreements and Pledged Partnership Agreements);  
     
  12.       all Intellectual Property and all Licenses;  
     
  13.       all Letter-of-Credit Rights;  
     
  14.       all Pledged Accounts, all cash and other property from time to time deposited therein, and all monies and property in the possession or under the control of the Lender or any Affiliate, representative, agent or correspondent of the Lender;  
     
  15.       all Supporting Obligations;  
     
  16.       all other tangible and intangible personal property of Borrower (whether or not subject to the Code), including, without limitation, all Deposit Accounts and other accounts and all cash and all investments therein, all proceeds, products, offspring, accessions, rents, profits, income, benefits, substitutions and replacements of and to any of the property of Borrower described in the preceding clauses of this  Section II(a)  (including, without limitation, any proceeds of insurance thereon and all causes of action, claims and warranties now or hereafter held by Borrower in respect of any of the items listed above), and all books, correspondence, files and other Records, including, without limitation, all tapes, desks, cards, Software, data and computer programs in the possession or under the control of Borrower or any other Person from time to time acting for Borrower, in each case, to the extent of Borrower s rights therein, that at any time evidence or contain information relating to any of the property described in the preceding clauses of this  Section II(a)  or are otherwise necessary or helpful in the collection or realization thereof and for the avoidance of doubt the foregoing Collateral includes, without limitation, all Redzone Map Code; and  
     
  17.       all Proceeds, including all Cash Proceeds and Noncash Proceeds, and products of any and all of the foregoing Collateral;  
     
  in each case howsoever Borrower s interest therein may arise or appear (whether by ownership, security interest, claim or otherwise).   

15

B.       Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term   Collateral   shall not include any Excluded Collateral.   
     
  C.       Borrower agrees not to further encumber, or permit any other Lien to exist that encumbers, any of its Copyrights, Copyright applications, Copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship and derivative work, whether published or unpublished, any Licenses, Patents, Patent applications and like protections, including improvements, divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues, extensions, and continuations-in-part of the same, Trademarks, service marks and, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any applications therefor, whether registered or not, and the goodwill of the business of Borrower connected with and symbolized thereby, know-how, operating manuals, trade secret rights, rights to unpatented inventions, and any claims for damage by way of any past, present, or future infringement of any of the foregoing, in each case without the Lender s prior written consent (which consent may be withheld or given in the Lender s sole discretion).  
     
  D.       Borrower agrees that the pledge of the shares of Capital Stock acquired by Borrower of any and all Persons now or hereafter existing who is a Foreign Subsidiary may be supplemented by one or more separate pledge agreements, deeds of pledge, share charges or other similar agreements or instruments, executed and delivered by Borrower in favor of the Lender, which pledge agreements will provide for the pledge of such shares of Capital Stock in accordance with the laws of the applicable foreign jurisdiction. With respect to such shares of Capital Stock, the Lender may, at any time and from time to time, in its sole discretion, take such actions in such foreign jurisdictions that will result in the perfection of the Lien created in such shares of Capital Stock.  
     
  E.       In addition, to secure the prompt and complete payment, performance and observance of the Obligations and in order to induce the Lender as aforesaid, Borrower hereby grants to the Lender a right of set-off against the property of Borrower held by the Lender, consisting of property described above in  Section 2(a)  now or hereafter in the possession or custody of or in transit to the Lender, for any purpose, including safekeeping, collection or pledge, for the account of Borrower, or as to which Borrower may have any right or power; provided that such right shall only to be exercised after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.  
     
     Security for Obligations   . The security interest created hereby in the Collateral constitutes continuing collateral security for all of the following obligations, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, and whether now existing or hereafter incurred (collectively, the   Obligations  ): The payment by Borrower, as and when due and payable (by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), of all amounts from time to time owing by it in respect of this Agreement, the Note, in each such case, (A) all principal of, interest and make-whole and other amounts on the Note (including, without limitation, all interest, make-whole and other amounts that accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding of Borrower, whether or not the payment of such interest is enforceable or is allowable in such Insolvency Proceeding), and (B) all fees, interest, premiums, penalties, contract causes of action, costs, commissions, expense reimbursements, indemnifications and all other amounts due or to become due under this Agreement.  

16

Representations and Warranties   . Borrower represents and warrants as follows:  
     
  A.        Schedule I  hereto sets forth (i) the exact legal name of Borrower, and (ii) the state of incorporation and the organizational identification number of Borrower in such state. The information set forth in  Schedule I  hereto with respect to Borrower is true and accurate in all respects. Borrower has not previously changed its name (or operated under any other name), jurisdiction of organization or organizational identification number from those set forth in  Schedule I  hereto except as disclosed in  Schedule I  hereto.  
     
  B.       There is no pending or, to its knowledge, written notice threatening any action, suit, proceeding or claim affecting Borrower before any Governmental Authority or any arbitrator, or any order, judgment or award issued by any Governmental Authority or arbitrator, in each case, that may adversely affect the grant by Borrower, or the perfection, of the security interest purported to be created hereby in the Collateral, or the exercise by the Lender of any of its rights or remedies hereunder.  
     
  C.       All Federal, state and local tax returns and other reports required by applicable law to be filed by Borrower have been filed, or extensions have been obtained, and all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges imposed upon Borrower or any property of Borrower (including, without limitation, all federal income and social security taxes on employees  wages) and which have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, except to the extent contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any penalty, fine or Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP.  
     
  D.       All Equipment, Fixtures, Goods and Inventory of Borrower now existing are, and all Equipment, Fixtures, Goods and Inventory of Borrower hereafter existing will be, located and/or based at the addresses specified therefor in  Schedule III  hereto, except that Borrower will give the Lender written notice of any change in the location of any such Collateral within 20 days of such change, other than to locations set forth on  Schedule III  hereto (and with respect to which the Lender has filed financing statements and otherwise fully perfected its Liens thereon.   Borrower s principal place of business and chief executive office, the place where Borrower keeps its Records concerning the Collateral and all originals of all Chattel Paper are located and will continue to be located at the addresses specified therefor in  Schedule III  hereto. None of the Accounts is or will be evidenced by Promissory Note or other Instruments.  
     
  E.       Set forth in  Schedule IV  hereto is a complete and accurate list, as of the date of this Agreement, of (i) Promissory Note, Security and other Instrument owned by Borrower, (ii) each Pledged Account of Borrower, together with the name and address of each institution at which each such Pledged Account is maintained, the account number for each such Pledged Account and a description of the purpose of each such Pledged Account and (iii) the name of each Foreign Currency Controlled Account, together with the name and address of each institution at which each such Foreign Currency Controlled Account is maintained and the amount of cash or cash equivalents held in each such Foreign Currency Controlled Account. Set forth in  Schedule II  hereto is a complete and correct list of each trade name used by Borrower and the name of, and each trade name used by, each Person from which Borrower has acquired any substantial part of the Collateral.  

17

F.       Borrower has delivered to the Lender complete and correct copies of each License described in  Schedule II  hereto, including all schedules and exhibits thereto, which represent all of the Licenses of Borrower existing on the date of this Agreement. Each such License sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties thereto relating to the subject matter thereof, and there are no other agreements, arrangements or understandings, written or oral, relating to the matters covered thereby or the rights of Borrower or any of its Affiliates in respect thereof. Each material License now existing is, and any material License entered into in the future will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the parties thereto, enforceable against such parties in accordance with its terms. No default under any material License by any such party has occurred, nor does any defense, offset, deduction or counterclaim exist thereunder in favor of any such party.  
     
  G.       Borrower owns and controls, or otherwise possesses adequate rights to use, all of its Intellectual Property, which is the only Intellectual Property necessary to conduct its business in substantially the same manner as conducted as of the date hereof.  Schedule II  hereto sets forth a true and complete list of all Intellectual Property and Licenses owned or used by Borrower as of the date hereof, and applications for grant or registration of Intellectual Property. To the knowledge of Borrower, all such Intellectual Property of Borrower is subsisting and in full force and effect, has not been adjudged invalid or unenforceable, is valid and enforceable and has not been abandoned in whole or in part. Except as set forth in  Schedule II , no such Intellectual Property is the subject of any licensing or franchising agreement. Except as set forth in  Schedule II , Borrower has no knowledge of any infringement upon or conflict with the Patent, Trademark, Copyright, trade secret rights of others and, Borrower is not now infringing or in conflict with any Patent, Trademark, Copyright, trade secret or similar rights of others, and to the knowledge of Borrower, no other Person is now infringing or in conflict in any material respect with any such properties, assets and rights owned or used by Borrower. Borrower has not has received any notice that it is violating or has violated the Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights, inventions, trade secrets, proprietary information and technology, know-how, formulae, rights of publicity or other intellectual property rights of any third party.  
     
  H.       Borrower is and will be at all times the sole and exclusive owner of the Collateral pledged by Borrower hereunder free and clear of any Liens, except for (i) Permitted Liens thereon and (ii) certain Intellectual Property rights of Borrower which is jointly owned by Borrower with certain third parties as described in  Schedule II  hereto. No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording or filing office except such as (i) may have been filed in favor of the Lender relating to this Agreement, and (ii) are securing Permitted Liens as of the date hereof and disclosed on  Schedule VII  hereto.  
     
  I.       The exercise by the Lender of any of its rights and remedies hereunder will not contravene any law or any contractual restriction binding on or otherwise affecting Borrower or any of its properties and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien, upon or with respect to any of its properties.  

18

J.       No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority, is required for (i) the grant by Borrower, or the perfection, of the security interest purported to be created hereby in the Collateral, or (ii) the exercise by the Lender of any of its rights and remedies hereunder, except for (A) the filing under the Code as in effect in the applicable jurisdiction of the financing statements described in  Schedule V  hereto, all of which financing statements will be duly filed on before September 7, 2016 and upon filing will be in full force and effect, (B) with respect to all Pledged Accounts, and all cash and other property from time to time deposited therein, the execution of a Controlled Account Agreement with the depository or other institution with which the applicable Pledged Accounts are maintained, as provided in  Section V.H.1 , (C) with respect to Commodity Contracts, the execution of a control agreement with the commodity intermediary with which such Commodity Contract is carried, as provided in  Section V.H.1 , (D) with respect to the perfection of the security interest created hereby in the United States Intellectual Property and Licenses, the recording of the appropriate Intellectual Property Security Agreement in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, (E) with respect to the perfection of the security interest created hereby in foreign Intellectual Property and Licenses, registrations and filings in jurisdictions located outside of the United States and covering rights in such jurisdictions relating to such foreign Intellectual Property and Licenses, (F) with respect to the perfection of the security interest created hereby in any Letter-of-Credit Rights, the consent of the issuer of the applicable letter of credit to the assignment of proceeds as provided in the Code as in effect in the applicable jurisdiction, (G) with respect to Investment Property constituting uncertificated securities, Borrower causing the issuer thereof either (i) to register the Lender as the registered owner of such securities or (ii) to agree in an authenticated record with Borrower and the Lender that such issuer will comply with instructions with respect to such securities originated by the Lender without further consent of Borrower, such authenticated record to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, (H) with respect to Investment Property constituting certificated securities or instruments, such items to be delivered to and held by or on behalf of the Lender pursuant hereto in suitable form for transfer by delivery or accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, (I) with respect to any action that may be necessary to obtain control of Collateral constituting Commodity Contracts, Electronic Chattel Paper or Letter of Credit Rights, the taking of such actions, and (J) the Lender having possession of all Documents, Chattel Paper, Instruments and cash constituting Collateral (subclauses (A) through (J), each a   Perfection Requirement   and collectively, the   Perfection Requirements  ).  
     
  K.       This Agreement creates in favor of the Lender a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral, as security for the Obligations. The performance of the Perfection Requirements results in the perfection of such security interest in the Collateral. Such security interest is (or in the case of Collateral in which Borrower obtains rights after the date hereof, will be), subject only to Permitted Liens and the Perfection Requirements, a first priority, valid, enforceable and perfected security interests in all personal property of Borrower (other than Excluded Collateral). Such recordings and filings and all other action necessary to perfect and protect such security interest have been duly taken (and, in the case of Collateral in which Borrower obtains rights after the date hereof, will be duly taken), except for the Lender s having possession of all Documents, Chattel Paper, Instruments and cash constituting Collateral after the date hereof and the other actions, filings and recordations described above, including the Perfection Requirements.  

19

L.       As of the date hereof, Borrower does not hold any Commercial Tort Claims or has knowledge of any pending Commercial Tort Claims, except for the Commercial Tort Claims described in  Schedule VI   .  
     
  M.       All of the Pledged Equity is presently owned by Borrower as set forth in  Schedule IV , and is presently represented by the certificates listed on  Schedule IV  hereto (if applicable). As of the date hereof, there are no existing options, warrants, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to the Pledged Equity other than as contemplated and permitted by the Transaction Documents. Borrower is the sole holder of record and the sole beneficial owner of the Pledged Equity, as applicable. None of the Pledged Equity has been issued or transferred in violation of the securities registration, securities disclosure or similar laws of any jurisdiction to which such issuance or transfer may be subject. The Pledged Equity constitutes 100% or such other percentage as set forth on  Schedule IV  of the issued and outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the applicable Pledged Entity.  
     
  N.       Borrower (i) is a corporation, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, (ii) has all requisite corporate power and authority to conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated and to execute and deliver this Agreement and each other Transaction Document, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and (iii) is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
     
  O.       The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (ii) do not and will not contravene its charter or by-laws, or any applicable law or any contractual restriction binding on Borrower or its properties, (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Transaction Document) upon or with respect to any of its assets or properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to it or its operations or any of its assets or properties.  
     
  P.       This Agreement and each other Transaction Document, when delivered, will be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, suretyship or other similar laws and equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law).  

20

Q.       There are no conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement that have not been satisfied or waived.  
     
     Covenants   . So long as any of the Obligations shall remain outstanding, unless the Lender shall otherwise consent in writing:  
     
  A.        Further Assurances . Borrower will, at its expense, at any time and from time to time, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents and take all further action that the Lender may reasonably request in order to: (i) perfect and protect the security interest of the Lender created hereby; (ii) enable the Lender to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder in respect of the Collateral, including, without limitation, the Controlled Accounts; or (iii) otherwise effect the purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation: (A) marking conspicuously all Chattel Paper and each License and, at the request of the Lender, each of its Records pertaining to the Collateral with a legend, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, indicating that such Chattel Paper, License or Collateral is subject to the security interest created hereby, (B) delivering and pledging to the Lender, Chattel Paper or other Instrument, now or hereafter owned by Borrower, duly endorsed and accompanied by executed instruments of transfer or assignment, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, (C) executing and filing (to the extent, if any, that Borrower s signature is required thereon) or authenticating the filing of, such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, as may be necessary or that the Lender may reasonably request in order to perfect and preserve the security interest created hereby, (D) furnishing to the Lender from time to time statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Collateral in each case as the Lender may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail, (E) if any Collateral shall be in the possession of a third party, notifying such Person of the Lender s security interest created hereby and obtaining a written acknowledgment from such Person, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender, that such Person holds possession of the Collateral for the benefit of the Lender, (F) if at any time after the date hereof, Borrower acquires or holds any Commercial Tort Claim, promptly notifying the Lender in a writing signed by Borrower setting forth a brief description of such Commercial Tort Claim and granting to the Lender a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, which writing shall incorporate the provisions hereof and shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, (G) upon the acquisition after the date hereof by Borrower of any motor vehicle or other Equipment subject to a certificate of title or ownership (other than a motor vehicle or Equipment that is subject to a purchase money security interest), causing the Lender to be listed as the lienholder on such certificate of title or ownership and delivering evidence of the same to the Lender in accordance with  V(j)  hereof; and (H) taking all actions required by the Code or by other law, as applicable, in any relevant Code jurisdiction, or by other law as applicable in any foreign jurisdiction.  
     
  B.        Location of Collateral . Borrower will keep the Collateral (i) at the locations specified therefor on  Schedule III  hereto, or (ii) at such other locations set forth on  Schedule III  and with respect to which the Lender has filed financing statements and otherwise fully perfected its Liens thereon, or (iii) at such other locations in the United States, provided that 30 days prior to any change in the location of any Collateral to such other location, or upon the acquisition of any Collateral to be kept at such other locations, Borrower shall give the Lender written notice thereof and deliver to the Lender a new  Schedule III  indicating such new locations and such other written statements and schedules as the Lender may require.   

21

C.        Condition of Equipment . Borrower will maintain or cause to be maintained and preserved in good condition, repair and working order, ordinary wear and tear excepted, the Equipment (necessary or useful to its business) and will forthwith, or in the case of any loss or damage to any Equipment of Borrower within a commercially reasonable time after the occurrence thereof, make or cause to be made all repairs, replacements and other improvements in connection therewith which are necessary or desirable, consistent with past practice, or which the Lender may request to such end. Borrower will promptly furnish to the Lender a statement describing in reasonable detail any such loss or damage in excess of $25,000   per occurrence to any Equipment.  
     
  D.        Taxes, Etc . Borrower agrees to pay promptly when due all property and other taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon, and all claims (including claims for labor, materials and supplies) against, the Equipment and Inventory, except to the extent the validity thereof is being contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any penalty, fine or Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been set aside for the payment thereof.  
     
  E.        Insurance   .   
     
  1.       Borrower will, at its own expense, maintain insurance (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, rent and business interruption insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering such risks, in such form and with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations as is required by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto or as is carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated and in any event, in amount, adequacy and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Lender.   
     
  2.       To the extent requested by the Lender at any time and from time to time, each such policy for liability insurance shall provide for all losses to be paid on behalf of the Lender and Borrower as their respective interests may appear, and each policy for property damage insurance shall provide for all losses to be adjusted with, and paid directly to, the Lender. In addition to and without limiting the foregoing, to the extent requested by the Lender at any time and from time to time, each such policy shall in addition (A) name the Lender as an additional insured party and/or loss payee, as applicable, thereunder (without any representation or warranty by or obligation upon the Lender) as its interests may appear, (B) contain an agreement by the insurer that any loss thereunder shall be payable to the Lender on its own account notwithstanding any action, inaction or breach of representation or warranty by Borrower, (C) provide that there shall be no recourse against the Lender for payment of premiums or other amounts with respect thereto, and (D) provide that at least 30 days  prior written notice of cancellation, lapse, expiration or other adverse change shall be given to the Lender by the insurer. Borrower will, if so requested by the Lender, deliver to the Lender original or duplicate policies of such insurance (including certificates demonstrating compliance with this Section 5(e)) and, as often as the Lender may reasonably request, a report of a reputable insurance broker with respect to such insurance. Borrower will also, at the request of the Lender, execute and deliver instruments of assignment of such insurance policies and cause the respective insurers to acknowledge notice of such assignment.  

22

3.       Reimbursement under any liability insurance maintained by Borrower pursuant to this  Section V.E  may be paid directly to the Person who shall have incurred liability covered by such insurance. In the case of any loss involving damage to Equipment or Inventory, to the extent paragraph (iv) of this  Section V.E  is not applicable, any proceeds of insurance involving such damage shall be paid to the Lender, and Borrower will make or cause to be made the necessary repairs to or replacements of such Equipment or Inventory, and any proceeds of insurance maintained by Borrower pursuant to this  Section V.E  (except as otherwise provided in paragraph (iv) in this  Section V.E ) shall be paid by the Lender to Borrower as reimbursement for the reasonable costs of such repairs or replacements.  
     
   4.        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in subsection 5(e)(iii) above, following and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all insurance payments in respect of Borrower s properties and business shall be paid to the Lender and applied as specified in  Section VII.B  hereof.  
     
  F.        Provisions Concerning the Accounts and the Licenses   .  
     
  1.       Borrower will (A) give the Lender at least 30 days  prior written notice of any change in Borrower s name, identity or organizational structure, (B) maintain its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation as set forth in  Schedule I  hereto, (C) immediately notify the Lender upon obtaining an organizational identification number, if on the date hereof Borrower did not have such identification number, and (D) keep adequate records concerning the Collateral and permit representatives of the Lender during normal business hours on reasonable notice to Borrower, to inspect and make abstracts from such records.  
     
  2.       Borrower will (except as otherwise provided in this subsection (f)), continue to collect, at its own expense, all amounts due or to become due under the Accounts. In connection with such collections, Borrower may (and, at the Lender s direction, will) take such action as Borrower or the Lender may deem necessary or advisable to enforce collection or performance of the Accounts;  provided ,  however , that the Lender shall have the right at any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default to notify the Account Debtors or obligors under any Accounts of the assignment of such Accounts to the Lender and to direct such Account Debtors or obligors to make payment of all amounts due or to become due to Borrower thereunder directly to the Lender or its designated agent and, upon such notification and at the expense of Borrower and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to enforce collection of any such Accounts and to reasonably adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof, in the same manner and to the same extent as Borrower might have done. After receipt by Borrower of a notice from the Lender that the Lender has notified, intends to notify, or has enforced or intends to enforce Borrower s rights against the Account Debtors or obligors under any Accounts as referred to in the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, (A) all amounts and proceeds (including Instruments) received by Borrower in respect of the Accounts shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Lender, shall be segregated from other funds of Borrower and shall be forthwith paid over to the Lender in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement) to be applied as specified in  Section VII.B  hereof, and (B) Borrower will not adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment of any Account or release wholly or partly any Account Debtor or obligor thereof or allow any credit or discount thereon. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Lender may (in its sole and absolute discretion) direct any or all of the banks and financial institutions with which Borrower either maintains a Deposit Account or a lockbox (including, without limitation, any Controlled Account) or deposits the proceeds of any Accounts to send immediately to the Lender by wire transfer (to such deposit account as the Lender shall specify, or in such other manner as the Lender shall direct) all or a portion of such securities, cash, investments and other items held by such institution. Any such securities, cash, investments and other items so received by the Lender shall be applied as specified in accordance with  Section VII.B  hereof.  

23

3.       Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any breach or default under any material License referred to in  Schedule II  hereto by any party thereto other than Borrower, Borrower will, promptly after obtaining knowledge thereof, give the Lender written notice of the nature and duration thereof, specifying what action, if any, it has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and thereafter will take reasonable steps to protect and preserve its rights and remedies in respect of such breach or default, or will obtain or acquire an appropriate substitute License.  
     
  4.       Borrower will, at its expense, promptly deliver to the Lender a copy of each notice or other communication received by it by which any other party to any material License referred to in  Schedule II  hereto purports to exercise any of its rights or affect any of its obligations thereunder, together with a copy of any reply by Borrower thereto.  
     
  5.       Borrower will exercise promptly and diligently each and every right which it may have under each material License (other than any right of termination) and will duly perform and observe in all respects all of its obligations under each material License and will take all action reasonably necessary to maintain such Licenses in full force and effect. Borrower will not, without the prior written consent of the Lender, cancel, terminate, amend or otherwise modify in any respect, or waive any provision of, any material License referred to in  Schedule II  hereto.  

24

G.        Transfers and Other Liens   .  
     
  1.       Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, spin-off, split-off, close, convey or otherwise dispose of any Collateral whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, other than (A) sales, leases, licenses, assignments, transfers, conveyances and other dispositions of such assets or rights by Borrower for value in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and (B) sales of Inventory and product in the ordinary course of business.  
     
  2.       Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, redeem, repurchase or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on any of its Capital Stock.  
     
  3.       Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Lender, (A) issue any promissory note (other than the Note in favor of Lender) or (B) issue any other securities that would cause a breach or default under the Note.  
     
  4.       Borrower shall not enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate, except in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it than would be obtainable in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof.  
     
  5.       Borrower will not create, suffer to exist or grant any Lien upon or with respect to any Collateral other than a Permitted Lien.  
     
  6.       For the avoidance of doubt, the consummation of the  Merger  (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and all other transactions, undertakings and agreements consummated and entered into pursuant to the Merger Agreement, shall not be a breach of or a default under this  Agreement or the Note   .  

25

H.        Intellectual Property   .  
     
  1.       If applicable, Borrower shall duly execute and deliver the applicable Intellectual Property Security Agreement. Borrower (either itself or through licensees) will, and will cause each licensee thereof to, take all action necessary to maintain all of the Intellectual Property in full force and effect, including, without limitation, using the proper statutory notices, numbers and markings (relating to patent, trademark and copyright rights) and using the Trademarks on each applicable trademark class of goods in order to so maintain the Trademarks in full force and free from any claim of abandonment for non-use, and Borrower will not (nor permit any licensee thereof to) do any act or knowingly omit to do any act whereby any Intellectual Property may become abandoned, cancelled or invalidated;  provided ,  however , that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall not have an obligation to use or to maintain any Intellectual Property (A) that relates solely to any product or work, that is no longer necessary or material and has been, or is in the process of being, discontinued, abandoned or terminated in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the exercise of reasonable business judgment, (B) that is being replaced with Intellectual Property substantially similar to the Intellectual Property that may be abandoned or otherwise become invalid, so long as the failure to use or maintain such Intellectual Property does not materially adversely affect the validity of such replacement Intellectual Property and so long as such replacement Intellectual Property is subject to the Lien created by this Agreement and does not have a material adverse effect on the business of Borrower or (C) that is substantially the same as another Intellectual Property that is in full force, so long the failure to use or maintain such Intellectual Property does not materially adversely affect the validity of such replacement Intellectual Property and so long as such other Intellectual Property is subject to the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement and does not have a material adverse effect on the business of Borrower. Borrower will cause to be taken all necessary steps in any proceeding before the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office or any similar office or agency in any other country or political subdivision thereof to maintain each registration of the Intellectual Property and application for registration of Intellectual Property (other than the Intellectual Property described in the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence), including, without limitation, filing of initial registrations, renewals, affidavits of use, affidavits of incontestability and opposition, interference and cancellation proceedings and payment of maintenance fees, filing fees, taxes or other governmental fees. If any Intellectual Property (other than Intellectual Property described in the proviso to the second sentence of subsection (i) of this clause (h)) is infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated in any material respect by a third party, Borrower shall (x) upon learning of such infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation, promptly notify the Lender and (y) promptly take all commercially reasonable steps to protect its rights, including possibly commencing an action to sue for infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation, seek injunctive relief where appropriate and recover any and all damages for such infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation, or take such other actions as Borrower shall deem appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Intellectual Property. Borrower shall furnish to the Lender from time to time upon its request statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Intellectual Property and Licenses and such other reports in connection with the Intellectual Property and Licenses as the Lender may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail and promptly upon request of the Lender, following receipt by the Lender of any such statements, schedules or reports, Borrower shall modify this Agreement by amending  Schedule II  hereto, as the case may be, to include any Intellectual Property and License, as the case may be, which is or hereafter becomes part of the Collateral under this Agreement and shall execute and authenticate such documents and do such acts as shall be necessary or, in the reasonable judgment of the Lender, desirable to subject such Intellectual Property and Licenses to the Lien and security interest created by this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower may not abandon, surrender or otherwise permit any Intellectual Property to become abandoned, cancelled or invalid without the prior written consent of the Lender, and if any Intellectual Property is infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated in any material respect by a third party, Borrower will take such reasonable action as the Lender shall deem appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Intellectual Property. Without limiting the generality of the forgoing, not later than ten (10) Business Days after the Loan is made to Borrower, Borrower shall deliver to the Lender (a) a fully executed application to register with the United States Copyright Office the Redzone Map Code and all exhibits and schedules thereto, all of which shall be in such form and substance as are reasonably acceptable to Lender, which application (together with such exhibits and schedules) the Lender is authorized to file with the United States Copyright Office and (b) a duly executed Intellectual Property Security Agreement regarding such Redzone Map Code in such form and substance as are reasonably acceptable to Lender. Thereafter until all of the Obligations are paid or satisfied in full, promptly upon request of the Lender from time to time delivered to Borrower, Borrower shall deliver to the Lender (a) fully executed applications to register with the United States Copyright Office updated versions of the Redzone Map Code and all exhibits and schedules thereto, all of which shall be in such form and substance as are reasonably acceptable to Lender, which applications (together with such exhibits and schedules) the Lender is authorized to file with the United States Copyright Office and (b) duly executed Intellectual Property Security Agreements regarding such updated versions of the Redzone Map Code in such form and substance as are reasonably acceptable to Lender.  

26

2.       In no event shall Borrower, either itself or through any agent, employee, licensee or designee, file an application for the registration of any Patent, Trademark or Copyright or the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office, as applicable, or in any similar office or agency of the United States or any country or any political subdivision thereof unless it gives the Lender prior written notice thereof. Upon request of the Lender, Borrower shall execute, authenticate and deliver any and all assignments, agreements, instruments, documents and papers as the Lender may reasonably request to evidence the Lender s security interest hereunder in such Intellectual Property and the General Intangibles of Borrower relating thereto or represented thereby, and Borrower hereby appoints the Lender its attorney-in-fact to execute and/or authenticate and file all such writings for the foregoing purposes, all acts of such attorney being hereby ratified and confirmed, and such power (being coupled with an interest) shall be irrevocable until all Obligations are Paid in Full.  

27

I.        Pledged Accounts .   
     
  a)       Upon the request of Lender, Borrower shall cause each bank and other financial institution which maintains a Controlled Account (each a   Controlled Account Bank  ) to execute and deliver to the Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, a Controlled Account Agreement with respect to such Controlled Account, duly executed by Borrower and such Controlled Account Bank, pursuant to which such Controlled Account Bank among other things shall irrevocably agree, with respect to such Controlled Account, that (i) at any time after Borrower or the Lender shall have notified such Controlled Account Bank that an Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, such Controlled Account Bank will comply with any and all instructions originated by the Lender directing the disposition of the funds in such Controlled Account without further consent by Borrower, (ii) such Controlled Account Bank shall waive, subordinate or agree not to exercise any rights of setoff or recoupment or any other claim against the applicable Controlled Account other than for payment of its service fees and other charges directly related to the administration of such Controlled Account and for returned checks or other items of payment, (iii) at any time after Borrower or the Lender shall have notified such Controlled Account Bank that an Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, with respect to each such Controlled Account, such Controlled Account Bank shall not comply with any instructions, directions or orders of any form with respect to such Controlled Accounts other than instructions, directions or orders originated by the Lender, (iv) all funds deposited by Borrower with such Controlled Account Bank shall be subject to a perfected, first priority security interest in favor of the Lender, and (v) upon receipt of written notice from the Lender during the continuance of an Event of Default, such Controlled Account Bank shall immediately send to the Lender by wire transfer (to such account as the Lender shall specify, or in such other manner as the Lender shall direct) all such funds and other items held by it. Borrower shall not create or maintain any Pledged Account without the prior written consent of the Lender and complying with the terms of this Agreement.  
     
  b)       If at any time after the Closing Date and after Lender has requested Borrower to enter into one or more Controlled Account Agreements as contemplated by  Subsection 5(i) (A)  above, the average daily balance of any Account that is not subject to a Controlled Account Agreement exceeds $5,000 during any calendar month (including the calendar month in which the Closing Date occurs), the Borrower shall, either (x) within two (2) Business Days following such date, transfer to a Controlled Account an amount sufficient to reduce the total aggregate amount of the cash in such Account to an amount not in excess of $5,000 or (y) within twenty-one (21) calendar days following the last day of such calendar month, deliver to the Lender a Controlled Account Agreement with respect to such Account, duly executed by Borrower and the depositary bank in which such Account is maintained.  
     
  c)       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in  Section 5(i)(B)  above, and without limiting any of the foregoing, if at any time on or after the date that is twenty-one (21) calendar days following the Closing Date, subject the Lender having requested Borrower to enter into one or more Controlled Account Agreements as contemplated by  Subsection 5(i)(A)  above, the total aggregate amount of the cash of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries, in the aggregate, that is not held in a Controlled Account exceeds $25,000 (the   Maximum Free Cash Amount  ), the Borrower shall within two (2) Business Days following such date, either (x) transfer to a Controlled Account an amount sufficient to reduce the total aggregate amount of the cash that is not held in a Controlled Account to an amount not in excess of the Maximum Free Cash Amount or (y) deliver to the Lender a Controlled Account Agreement with respect to such Account (or Accounts), duly executed by Borrower and the depositary bank in which such Account (or Accounts) is maintained, as necessary to reduce the total aggregate amount of the cash that is not held in a Controlled Account to an amount not in excess of the Maximum Free Cash Amount.  

28

J.        Motor Vehicles   .  
     
  1.       Upon the Lender s written request, Borrower shall deliver to the Lender originals of the certificates of title or ownership for each motor vehicle with a value in excess of $10,000 owned by it, with the Lender listed as lienholder.  
     
  2.       Borrower hereby appoints the Lender as its attorney-in-fact, effective the date hereof and terminating upon the termination of this Agreement, for the purpose of (A) executing on behalf of Borrower title or ownership applications for filing with appropriate Governmental Authorities to enable motor vehicles now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower to be retitled and the Lender listed as lienholder thereof, (B) filing such applications with such Governmental Authorities, and (C) executing such other agreements, documents and instruments on behalf of, and taking such other action in the name of, Borrower as the Lender may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof (including, without limitation, for the purpose of creating in favor of the Lender a perfected Lien on the motor vehicles and exercising the rights and remedies of the Lender hereunder). This appointment as attorney-in-fact is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable until all of the Obligations are Paid in Full.  
     
  3.       Any certificates of title or ownership delivered pursuant to the terms hereof shall be accompanied by odometer statements for each motor vehicle covered thereby.  
     
  4.       So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, upon the request of Borrower, the Lender shall execute and deliver to Borrower such instruments as Borrower shall reasonably request to remove the notation of the Lender as lienholder on any certificate of title for any motor vehicle;  provided ,  however , that any such instruments shall be delivered, and the release effective, only upon receipt by the Lender of a certificate from Borrower stating that such motor vehicle is to be sold or has suffered a casualty loss (with title thereto in such case passing to the casualty insurance company therefor in settlement of the claim for such loss) and the amount that Borrower will receive as sale proceeds or insurance proceeds. Any proceeds of such sale or casualty loss shall be paid to the Lender hereunder immediately upon receipt, to be applied to the Obligations then outstanding.  
     
  K.        Control . Borrower hereby agrees to take any or all action that may be necessary or that the Lender may reasonably request in order for the Lender to obtain  control  in accordance with Sections 9-105 through 9-107 of the Code with respect to the following Collateral: (i) Electronic Chattel Paper, (ii) Investment Property, and (iii) Letter-of-Credit Rights.   

29

L.        Inspection and Reporting . Borrower shall permit the Lender, or any agent or representatives thereof or such professionals or other Persons as the Lender may designate (i) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from Borrower s records and books of account, (ii) to visit and inspect its properties, (iii) to verify materials, leases, Instruments, Accounts, Inventory and other assets of Borrower from time to time, and (iv) to conduct audits, physical counts, appraisals and/or valuations, examinations at the locations of Borrower. Borrower shall also permit the Lender, or any agent or representatives thereof or such attorneys, accountants or other professionals or other Persons as the Lender may designate to discuss Borrower s affairs, finances and accounts with any of its directors, officers, managerial employees, independent accountants or any of its other representatives. Without limiting the foregoing, the Lender may, at any time, in the Lender s own name, in the name of a nominee of the Lender, or in the name of Borrower communicate (by mail, telephone, facsimile or otherwise) with the Account Debtors of Borrower, parties to contracts with Borrower and/or obligors in respect of Instruments of Borrower to verify with such Persons, to the Lender s satisfaction, the existence, amount, terms of, and any other matter relating to, Accounts, Instruments, Chattel Paper, payment intangibles and/or other receivables.  
     
  M.        Future Subsidiaries . If Borrower hereafter creates or acquires any Subsidiary, simultaneously with the creation or acquisition of such Subsidiary, Borrower shall (i) if such Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary, cause such Subsidiary to become a party to this Agreement as an additional  Borrower  hereunder, (ii) deliver to the Lender updated Schedules to this Agreement, as appropriate (including, without limitation, an updated  Schedule IV  to reflect the grant by Borrower of a Lien on all Pledged Equity now or hereafter owned by Borrower), (iii) if such Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary, cause such Subsidiary to duly execute and deliver a guaranty of the Obligations in favor of the Lender in form and substance acceptable to the Lender, (iv) deliver to the Lender the stock certificates representing all of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary, along with undated stock powers for each such certificates, executed in blank (or, if any such shares of Capital Stock are uncertificated, confirmation and evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Lender that the security interest in such uncertificated securities has been transferred to and perfected by the Lender, in accordance with Sections 8-313, 8-321 and 9-115 of the Code or any other similar or local or foreign law that may be applicable), and (v) duly execute and/or cause to be delivered to the Lender, in form and substance acceptable to the Lender, such opinions of counsel and other documents as the Lender shall request with respect thereto; provided, however, that Borrower shall not be required to pledge any Excluded Collateral. Borrower hereby authorizes the Lender to attach such updated Schedules to this Agreement and agrees that all Pledged Equity listed on any updated Schedule delivered to the Lender shall for all purposes hereunder be considered Collateral. Borrower agrees that the pledge of the shares of Capital Stock acquired by Borrower of a Foreign Subsidiary may be supplemented by one or more separate pledge agreements, deeds of pledge, share charges, or other similar agreements or instruments, executed and delivered by Borrower in favor of the Lender, which pledge agreements will provide for the pledge of such shares of Capital Stock in accordance with the laws of the applicable foreign jurisdiction. With respect to such shares of Capital Stock, the Lender may, at any time and from time to time, in its sole discretion, take actions in such foreign jurisdictions that will result in the perfection of the Lien created in such shares of Capital Stock.   

30

N.        Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loan shall only be used by Borrower for general working capital purposes of the Borrower.  
     
  O.        Redzone Map Code . As a condition to Lender s obligation to make the Loan, Borrower shall deliver to Lender a true and complete copy of the Redzone Map Code as in existence immediately prior to the date on which Lender makes the Loan to Borrower. From and after the date on which the Loan is made until all of the Obligations are satisfied in full, no less frequently than at the end of each Business Day Borrower shall deliver to Lender a true and complete copy of the Redzone Map Code then in existence. The delivery of the Redzone Map Code pursuant to this  Section 5(o)  shall be by email or such other means as Lender shall specify from time to time.  
     
  VI.        Additional Provisions Concerning the Collateral   .  
     
  A.       To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and for the purpose of taking any action that the Lender may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, Borrower hereby (i) authorizes the Lender after the occurrence of an Event of Default to execute any such agreements, instruments or other documents in Borrower s name and to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in Borrower s name and in any appropriate filing office, (ii) authorizes the Lender at any time and from time to time to file, one or more financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto, relating to the Collateral (including, without limitation, any such financing statements that (A) describe the Collateral as  all assets  or  all personal property  (or words of similar effect) or that describe or identify the Collateral by type or in any other manner as the Lender may determine regardless of whether any particular asset of Borrower falls within the scope of Article 9 of the Code or whether any particular asset of Borrower constitutes part of the Collateral, and (B) contain any other information required by Part 5 of Article 9 of the Code for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any financing statement, continuation statement or amendment, including, without limitation, whether Borrower is an organization, the type of organization and any organizational identification number issued to Borrower) and (iii) ratifies such authorization to the extent that the Lender has filed any such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, prior to the date hereof. A photocopy or other reproduction of this Agreement or any financing statement covering the Collateral or any part thereof shall be sufficient as a financing statement where permitted by law.  
     
  B.       Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Lender as its attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full authority in the place and stead of Borrower and in the name of Borrower or otherwise, from time to time in the Lender s discretion, after the occurrence of an Event of Default to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Lender may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation, (i) to obtain and adjust insurance required to be paid to the Lender pursuant to  Section V.E  hereof, (ii) to ask, demand, collect, sue for, recover, compound, receive and give acquittance and receipts for moneys due and to become due under or in respect of any Collateral, (iii) to receive, endorse, and collect any drafts or other instruments, documents and chattel paper in connection with clause (i) or (ii) above, (iv) to file any claims or take any action or institute any proceedings which the Lender may deem necessary or desirable for the collection of any Collateral or otherwise to enforce the rights of the Lender with respect to any Collateral, (v) to execute assignments, licenses and other documents to enforce the rights of the Lender with respect to any Collateral, and (vi) to verify any and all information with respect to any and all Accounts. This power is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable until all of the Obligations are Paid in Full.  

31

C.       For the purpose of enabling the Lender to exercise rights and remedies hereunder, at such time as the Lender shall be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, and for no other purpose, Borrower hereby grants to the Lender upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, to the extent assignable, an irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to Borrower) to use, assign, license or sublicense any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower, wherever the same may be located, including in such license reasonable access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer programs used for the compilation or printout thereof. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, but subject to the provisions of  Section V.G  and  Section V.H  hereof, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Borrower may exploit, use, enjoy, protect, license, sublicense, assign, sell, dispose of or take other actions with respect to the Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of its business. In furtherance of the foregoing, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Lender shall from time to time, upon the request of Borrower, execute and deliver any instruments, certificates or other documents, in the form so requested, which Borrower shall have certified are appropriate (in Borrower s judgment) to allow it to take any action permitted above (including relinquishment of the license provided pursuant to this clause (c) as to any Intellectual Property). Further, upon the Payment in Full of all of the Obligations, the Lender (subject to  Section X.E  hereof) shall release and reassign to Borrower all of the Lender s right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property, and the Licenses, all without recourse, representation or warranty whatsoever. The exercise of rights and remedies hereunder by the Lender shall not terminate the rights of the holders of any licenses or sublicenses theretofore granted by Borrower in accordance with the second sentence of this clause (c). Borrower hereby releases the Lender from any claims, causes of action and demands at any time arising out of or with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by the Lender under the powers of attorney granted herein other than actions taken or omitted to be taken through the Lender s gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final determination of a court of competent jurisdiction.  
     
  D.       If Borrower fails to perform any agreement or obligation contained herein, the Lender may itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement or obligation, in the name of Borrower or the Lender, and the expenses of the Lender incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by Borrower pursuant to  Section VIII  hereof and shall be secured by the Collateral.  

32

E.       The powers conferred on the Lender hereunder are solely to protect its interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such powers. Except for the safe custody of any Collateral in its possession and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder, the Lender shall have no duty as to any Collateral or as to the taking of any necessary steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining to any Collateral.  
     
  F.       Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding (i) Borrower shall remain liable under the Licenses and otherwise with respect to any of the Collateral to the extent set forth therein to perform all of its obligations thereunder to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, (ii) the exercise by the Lender of any of its rights hereunder shall not release Borrower from any of its obligations under the Licenses or otherwise in respect of the Collateral, and (iii) the Lender shall not have any obligation or liability by reason of this Agreement under the Licenses or with respect to any of the other Collateral, nor shall the Lender be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of Borrower thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder.  
     
  G.       As long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and until written notice shall be given to the applicable Borrower:   
     
  1.       Borrower shall have the right, from time to time, to vote and give consents with respect to the Pledged Equity, or any part thereof for all purposes not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement;  provided ,  however , that no vote shall be cast, and no consent shall be given or action taken, which would have the effect of impairing the position or interest of the Lender in respect of the Pledged Equity or which would authorize, effect or consent to:   
     
  a)       the dissolution or liquidation, in whole or in part, of a Pledged Entity;   
     
  b)       the consolidation or merger of a Pledged Entity with any other Person;   
     
  c)       the sale, disposition or encumbrance of all or substantially all of the assets of a Pledged Entity, except for Liens in favor of the Lender;  
     
  d)       any change in the authorized number of shares, the stated capital or the authorized share capital of a Pledged Entity or the issuance of any additional shares of its Capital Stock; or   
     
  e)       the alteration of the voting rights with respect to the Capital Stock of a Pledged Entity.  
     
  H.       i)     Borrower shall be entitled, from time to time, to collect and receive for its own use all cash dividends and interest paid in respect of the Pledged Equity other than any and all: (A) dividends and interest paid or payable other than in cash in respect of any Pledged Equity, and instruments and other property received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any Pledged Equity; (B) dividends and other distributions paid or payable in cash in respect of any Pledged Equity in connection with a partial or total liquidation or dissolution or in connection with a reduction of capital, capital surplus or paid-in capital of a Pledged Entity; and (C) cash paid, payable or otherwise distributed, in respect of principal of, or in redemption of, or in exchange for, any Pledged Equity; provided, however, that until actually paid all rights to such distributions shall remain subject to the Lien created by this Agreement; and  

33

1.       all dividends and interest (other than such cash dividends and interest as are permitted to be paid to Borrower in accordance with clause (i) above) and all other distributions in respect of any of the Pledged Equity, whenever paid or made, shall be delivered to the Lender to hold as Pledged Equity and shall, if received by Borrower, be received in trust for the benefit of the Lender, be segregated from the other property or funds of Borrower, and be forthwith delivered to the Lender as Pledged Equity in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement).  
     
     Remedies Upon Event of Default; Application of Proceeds   . If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:  
     
  A.       The Lender may exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition to any other rights and remedies provided for herein, or otherwise available to it, all of the rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under the Code (whether or not the Code applies to the affected Collateral), and also may (i) take absolute control of the Collateral, including, without limitation, transfer into the Lender s name or into the name of its nominee or nominees (to the extent the Lender has not theretofore done so) and thereafter receive all payments made thereon, give all consents, waivers and ratifications in respect thereof and otherwise act with respect thereto as though it were the outright owner thereof, (ii) require Borrower to, and Borrower hereby agrees that it will at its expense and upon request of the Lender forthwith, assemble all or part of its respective Collateral as directed by the Lender and make it available to the Lender at a place or places to be designated by the Lender that is reasonably convenient to both parties, and the Lender may enter into and occupy any premises owned or leased by Borrower where the Collateral or any part thereof is located or assembled for a reasonable period in order to effectuate the Lender s rights and remedies hereunder or under law, without obligation to Borrower in respect of such occupation, and (iii) without notice except as specified below and without any obligation to prepare or process the Collateral for sale, (A) sell the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale (including, without limitation, by credit bid), at any of the Lender s offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the Lender may deem commercially reasonable and/or (B) lease, license or dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof upon such terms as the Lender may deem commercially reasonable. Borrower agrees that, to the extent notice of sale or any other disposition of its respective Collateral shall be required by law, at least ten (10) days  notice to Borrower of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale or other disposition of its respective Collateral is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. The Lender shall not be obligated to make any sale or other disposition of any Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Lender may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned. Borrower hereby waives any claims against the Lender arising by reason of the fact that the price at which its respective Collateral may have been sold at a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale or was less than the aggregate amount of the Obligations, even if the Lender accepts the first offer received and does not offer such Collateral to more than one offeree, and waives all rights that Borrower may have to require that all or any part of such Collateral be marshaled upon any sale (public or private) thereof. Borrower hereby acknowledges that (i) any such sale of its respective Collateral by the Lender shall be made without warranty, (ii) the Lender may specifically disclaim any warranties of title, possession, quiet enjoyment or the like, and (iii) such actions set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above shall not adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of any such sale of Collateral. In addition to the foregoing, (1) upon written notice to Borrower from the Lender after and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower shall cease any use of the Intellectual Property or any trademark, patent or copyright similar thereto for any purpose described in such notice; (2) the Lender may, at any time and from time to time after and during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon 10 days  prior notice to Borrower, license, whether general, special or otherwise, and whether on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis, any of the Intellectual Property, throughout the universe for such term or terms, on such conditions, and in such manner, as the Lender shall in its sole discretion determine; and (3) the Lender may, at any time, pursuant to the authority granted in  Section VI  hereof or otherwise (such authority being effective upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default), execute and deliver on behalf of Borrower, one or more instruments of assignment of the Intellectual Property (or any application or registration thereof), in form suitable for filing, recording or registration in any country.  

34

B.       Any cash held by the Lender as Collateral and all Cash Proceeds received by the Lender in respect of any sale or disposition of or collection from, or other realization upon, all or any part of the Collateral shall be applied as follows:  first , to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Lender (including those described in  Section 8  hereof);  second , to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due, on a pro rata basis;  third  to pay interest due under the Note, on a pro rata basis;  fourth , to pay or prepay principal in respect of the Note, whether or not then due, owing, on a pro rata basis;  fifth , to pay or prepay any other Obligations, whether or not then due, in such order and manner as the Lender shall elect. Any surplus of such cash or Cash Proceeds held by the Lender and remaining after the Payment in Full of all of the Obligations shall be paid over to whomsoever shall be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct.  
     
  C.       In the event that the proceeds of any such sale, disposition, collection or realization are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Lender is legally entitled, Borrower shall be liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon at the rate specified in the Note for interest on overdue principal thereof or such other rate as shall be fixed by applicable law, together with the costs of collection and the reasonable fees, costs, expenses and other charges of any attorneys employed by the Lender to collect such deficiency.  

35

D.       To the extent that applicable law imposes duties on the Lender to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it is commercially reasonable for the Lender (i) to fail to incur expenses deemed significant by the Lender to prepare Collateral for disposition or otherwise to transform raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition, (ii) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Collateral to be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other law, to fail to obtain governmental or third party consents for the collection or disposition of Collateral to be collected or disposed of, (iii) to fail to exercise collection remedies against Account Debtors or other Persons obligated on Collateral or to remove Liens on or any adverse claims against Collateral, (iv) to exercise collection remedies against Account Debtors and other Persons obligated on Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection specialists, (v) to advertise dispositions of Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature, (vi) to contact other Persons, whether or not in the same business as Borrower, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of such Collateral, (vii) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Collateral, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature, (viii) to dispose of Collateral by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capacity of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets, (ix) to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets, (x) to disclaim disposition warranties, such as title, possession or quiet enjoyment, (xi) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements to insure the Lender against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Collateral or to provide to the Lender a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of Collateral, or (xii) to the extent deemed appropriate by the Lender, to obtain the services of brokers, investment bankers, consultants, attorneys and other professionals to assist the Lender in the collection or disposition of any of the Collateral. Borrower acknowledges that the purpose of this section is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by the Lender would be commercially reasonable in the Lender s exercise of remedies against the Collateral and that other actions or omissions by the Lender shall not be deemed commercially unreasonable solely on account of not being indicated in this section. Without limitation upon the foregoing, nothing contained in this section shall be construed to grant any rights to Borrower or to impose any duties on the Lender that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement or by applicable law in the absence of this section.  
     
  E.       The Lender shall not be required to marshal any present or future collateral security (including, but not limited to, this Agreement and the Collateral) for, or other assurances of payment of, the Obligations or any of them or to resort to such collateral security or other assurances of payment in any particular order, and all of the Lender s rights hereunder and in respect of such collateral security and other assurances of payment shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights, however existing or arising. To the extent that Borrower lawfully may, Borrower hereby agrees that it will not invoke any law relating to the marshaling of collateral which might cause delay in or impede the enforcement of the Lender s rights under this Agreement or under any other instrument creating or evidencing any of the Obligations or under which any of the Obligations is outstanding or by which any of the Obligations is secured or payment thereof is otherwise assured, and, to the extent that it lawfully may, Borrower hereby irrevocably waives the benefits of all such laws.  

36

F.       In the event Parent or Zone Acquisition, Inc. shall be liable to make any payment to Borrower pursuant to Section 6.2 or 6.3 of the Merger Agreement, such amount due Borrower at the election of the Borrower shall be applied as a credit against the Obligations.  
     
  VIII.        Indemnity and Expenses   .  
     
  A.       Borrower agrees to defend, protect, indemnify and hold the Lender harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fees, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees, costs, expenses, and disbursements of such Person s counsel) to the extent that they arise out of or otherwise result from this Agreement or the Note (including, without limitation, enforcement of this Agreement and the Note), except to the extent resulting from such Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction no longer subject to appeal.  
     
  B.       Borrower agrees to pay to the Lender upon demand the amount of any and all costs and expenses, including the reasonable fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of counsel for the Lender and of any experts and agents (including, without limitation, any collateral trustee which may act as agent of the Lender), which the Lender may incur in connection with (i) the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, recordation, administration, amendment, waiver or other modification or termination of this Agreement, (ii) the custody, preservation, use or operation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any Collateral, (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Lender hereunder, or (iv) the failure by Borrower to perform or observe any of the provisions hereof.  
     
     Notices, Etc   . All notices, requests, demands and other communications in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if (a) delivered personally, on the date of such delivery, (b) upon non-automated confirmation of receipt when transmitted via facsimile or electronic mail (but only if followed by transmittal by nationally recognized overnight courier or by hand for delivery on the next Business Day), or (c) on receipt (or refusal to accept delivery) after dispatch by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, or by a nationally recognized overnight courier (with confirmation), addressed, in each case, as follows:  

37

X.        Miscellaneous   .  
     
  A.       No amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by Borrower and the Lender, and no waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and no consent to any departure by Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by Borrower and the Lender, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.  
     
  B.       No failure on the part of the Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right reasonably hereunder or under the Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right reasonably preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies of the Lender provided herein and in the Note are cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law.   
     
  C.       Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or thereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.  
     
  D.       This Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and effect until Payment in Full of the Obligations, and (ii) be binding on Borrower and all other Persons who become bound as debtor to this Agreement in accordance with Section 9-203(d) of the Code and shall inure, together with all rights and remedies of the Lender hereunder, to the benefit of the Lender and its permitted successors, transferees and assigns. Without limiting the generality of clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence, without notice to Borrower, the Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Note to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all of the benefits in respect thereof granted to the Lender herein or otherwise. Upon any such assignment or transfer, all references in this Agreement to the Lender shall mean the assignee of the Lender. None of the rights or obligations of Borrower hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred without the prior written consent of the Lender, and any such assignment or transfer without such consent of the Lender shall be null and void.  

38

E.       Upon the Payment in Full of the Obligations, (i) this Agreement and the security interests created hereby shall terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to Borrower that granted such security interests hereunder, and (ii) the Lender will, upon Borrower s request and at Borrower s expense, (A) return to Borrower such of the Collateral as shall not have been sold or otherwise disposed of or applied pursuant to the terms hereof and (B) execute and deliver to Borrower such documents as Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence such termination, all without any representation, warranty or recourse whatsoever.  
     
  F.        Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial .   
     
  1.       All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York.   
     
  2.       Borrower hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or under any other Transaction Document or with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim, defense or objection that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under  Section 9  hereof and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Lender from bringing suit or taking other legal action against Borrower in any other jurisdiction to collect on Borrower s obligations or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Lender.  

39

3.        WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, ETC . BORROWER AND LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREE NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.  
     
  4.       Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action, suit or proceeding referred to in this Section any special, exemplary, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages.  
     
  G.       Section headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose.   
     
  H.       This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together constitute one and the same Agreement. Delivery of any executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by pdf, facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.   
     
  I.       This Agreement shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Lender or any other Person (upon (i) the occurrence of any Insolvency Proceeding of Borrower or (ii) otherwise, in all cases as though such payment had not been made).  
     
   [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]   

40

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.  

BORROWER :   

ZONE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.       

By:    
 
  /s/  Theodore Farnsworth  

Name: Theodore Farnsworth  

Title: Chief Executive Officer  

ACCEPTED BY:     

HMNY ZONE LOAN LLC  ,    as Lender   
        
  By: /s/ Narayanan G. Kallingal   
  Name: Narayanan G. Kallingal Title: President     
     
  ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CONSENT  
     
  Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc. and Zone Acquisition, Inc., as parties to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 7, 2016 as amended by that certain Waiver and First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 16, 2016 (the   Merger Agreement  ), hereby acknowledge and consent to the transactions and agreements being entered into by Zone Technologies, Inc. and HMNY Zone Loan LLC pursuant to this Security and Pledge Agreement and the Note (as defined in the Security and Pledge Agreement). Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc. and Zone Acquisition, Inc. each further acknowledge and agree that nothing in the Security and Pledge Agreement, the Note, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, shall be deemed a breach or violation of the Merger Agreement.  

HELIOS AND MATHESON ANALYTICS INC.  
        
  By: /s/ Parthasarathy Krishnan   
  Name: Parthasarathy Krishnan  
  Title: Chief Executive Officer         

ZONE ACQUISITION, INC.   

By: /s/ Parthasarathy Krishnan    

Name: Parthasarathy Krishnan  
  Title: President   

41

EXHIBIT A     FORM OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT   
     
  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT  
     
  This INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT (as amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time, this   IP Security Agreement  ), dated September [__], 2016, is made by Zone Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (collectively, the   Borrower  ) in favor of HMNY Zone Loan LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the   Lender  ). All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings respectively ascribed thereto in the Security Agreement (as defined below).  
     
  WHEREAS, Borrower wishes to obtain a $750,000 loan (the   Loan  ) from Lender and Lender is willing to make the Loan to Borrower provided Borrower grants to Lender a first priority security interest in and lien upon all of Borrower s personal property now owned or hereafter acquired to secure the repayment of the Loan and the payment of all interest thereon.  
     
  WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the obtaining of the Loan that Borrower has executed and delivered that certain Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of September [__], 2016, made by the Borrower to the Lender (as amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced from time to time, the   Security Agreement   and  
     
  WHEREAS, under the terms of the Security Agreement, Borrower has granted to the Lender a security interest in and lien upon, among other property, certain intellectual property of the Borrower and has agreed as a condition thereof to execute this IP Security Agreement for recording with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office and other governmental authorities.  
     
  WHEREAS, Borrower has determined that the execution, delivery and performance of this IP Security Agreement directly benefits, and is in the best interest of, the Borrower.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements herein and in order to induce the Lender to make the Loan to Borrower, Borrower agrees with the Lender as follows:  
     
     Grant of Security   . Borrower hereby grants to the Lender a security interest in and lien upon all of Borrower s right, title and interest in and to the following (the   Collateral  ):  
     
  1.       the Patents and Patent applications set forth in  Schedule A  hereto;  
     
  2.       the Trademark and service mark registrations and applications set forth in Schedule B hereto (provided that no security interest shall be granted in United States intent-to-use trademark applications to the extent that, and solely during the period in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark applications under applicable federal law), together with the goodwill symbolized thereby;  

EX. A-1

3.       all Copyrights, whether registered or unregistered, now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower, including, without limitation, the copyright registrations and applications and exclusive copyright licenses set forth in Schedule C hereto;  
     
  4.       all reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, extensions, renewals and reexaminations of any of the foregoing, all rights in the foregoing provided by international treaties or conventions, all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and all other rights of any kind whatsoever of Borrower accruing thereunder or pertaining thereto;  
     
  5.       any and all claims for damages and injunctive relief for past, present and future infringement, dilution, misappropriation, violation, misuse or breach with respect to any of the foregoing, with the right, but not the obligation, to sue for and collect, or otherwise recover, such damages; and  
     
  6.       any and all proceeds of, collateral for, income, royalties and other payments now or hereafter due and payable with respect to, and supporting obligations relating to, any and all of the Collateral of or arising from any of the foregoing.  
     
     Security for Obligations   . The grant of a security interest in and lien upon, the Collateral by Borrower under this IP Security Agreement secures the payment of all Obligations of Borrower now or hereafter existing under or in respect of the Note and the Security Agreement, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, and whether for principal, reimbursement obligations, interest, premiums, penalties, fees, indemnifications, contract causes of action, costs, expenses or otherwise.   
     
     Recordation   . Borrower authorizes and requests that the Register of Copyrights, the Commissioner for Patents and the Commissioner for Trademarks and any other applicable government officer record this IP Security Agreement.  
     
     Execution in Counterparts   . This IP Security Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  
     
     Grants, Rights and Remedies   . This IP Security Agreement has been entered into in conjunction with the provisions of the Security Agreement. Borrower does hereby acknowledge and confirm that the grant of the security interest hereunder to, and the rights and remedies of, the Lender with respect to the Collateral are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein.  

EX. A-2

VI.        Notices . All notices shall be given in accordance with the notice provisions of the Security Agreement.  
     
  VII.        Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial .   
     
  1.       All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York.   
     
  2.       Borrower hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or under the Note or with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim, defense or objection that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under  Section 9  of the Security Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Lender from bringing suit or taking other legal action against Borrower in any other jurisdiction to collect on a Borrower s obligations or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Lender.  
     
     WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, ETC   4..        BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.  
     
  5.       Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action, suit or proceeding referred to in this Section any special, exemplary, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages.  
     
  [The remainder of the page is intentionally left blank]  

EX. A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.  

EX. A-4

Schedule A    Patents    

Borrower     
 
    Country     
 
    Title     
 
    Application or Patent No.     
 
    Application or Registration Date     
 
    Assignees      

None   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A     

A-1

Schedule B    Trademarks    

Borrower     
 
    Country     
 
    Trademark     
 
    Application or Registration No.     
 
    Application or Registration Date     
 
    Assignees      

N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A     

B-1

Schedule C    Copyrights    

Borrower     
 
    Country     
 
    Title     
 
    Type of Work     
 
    Application or Registration No.     
 
    Issue Date     
 
    Assignees      

None   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A   
 
  N/A     

C-1

SCHEDULE I         Legal Names; Organizational Identification Numbers   ;      States or Jurisdiction of Organization    

49

SCHEDULE II         Intellectual Property    
        
  Tradenames: RedZone; RedZone Map; RedZone Maps; Zone Technologies; Inc., Zone; ZTI  
     
  Attachment A: The only current filing/registration is for the fictitious name,  RedZone Map , filed with the Florida Department of State on December 10, 2015, Registration Number G15000124723   Certificate Attached  
     
  Attachment B: Website:  www.redzonemap.com      RedZone Graphic from website attached  
     
  Attachment C: Apple iTunes Listing: RedZoneMap; RedZone Map   Graphic attached  
     
  Attachment D: RedZone Map Logo: Graphic Attached  
     
  Customers: Information on those who have downloaded the app is included in the code documentation.  

II-1

Attachment A  
     
  (see attached)  

II-2

II-3

Attachment B  
     
  (see attached)  

II-4

RedZone Map Website Graphic  

II-5

Attachment C  
     
  (see attached)  

II-6

II-7

Attachment D  
     
  (see attached)  

II-8

RedZone Map Logo  

II-9

SCHEDULE III    Locations    

III-1

SCHEDULE IV         Promissory Note, Securities, Deposit Accounts     ,    Securities Accounts and Commodities Accounts    
     
    Securities    

Borrower     
 
    Name of Issuer /Pledged Entity     
 
    Number of Shares     
 
    Class     
 
    Certificate No.(s)      

None   

Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts and Commodities Accounts    

Borrower     
 
    Name and Address of Institution     
 
    Purpose of the Account     
 
    Account No.      

None   

Foreign Currency Controlled Accounts    

Entity     
 
    Name and Address of Institution     
 
    Amount Held in Account      

None   

Pledged Equity    

Pledged Equity     
 
    Holder      

None   

IV-1

SCHEDULE V        Financing Statements    

Borrower     
 
    Jurisdiction for Filing Financing Statement      

Zone Technologies, Inc.   
 
  Nevada     

V-1

SCHEDULE VI        Commercial Tort Claims    
     
  None  

VI-1

SCHEDULE VII    Permitted Liens    
     
  None  

</EX-10.12>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
   ex31-1.htm 

Exhibit 31.1   
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER    
     
  I, Parthasarathy Krishnan, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc.     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;      

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have:     

a)   
 
  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c)   
 
  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)   
 
  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:   
 
  November 18, 2016   

/s/ Parthasarathy Krishnan   

Name: Parthasarathy Krishnan  
  Title: Chief Executive Officer   
  (Principal Executive Officer)     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
   ex31-2.htm 

Exhibit 31.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
     
  I, Parthasarathy Krishnan, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc.     

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have:     

a)   
 
  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c)   
 
  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a)   
 
  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)  
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:   
 
  November 18, 2016   

/s/ Parthasarathy Krishnan   

Name: Parthasarathy Krishnan  
  Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer   
  (Principal Financial Officer)       

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
   ex32-1.htm 

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER    
   PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc. for the period ending September 30, 2016, I, Parthasarathy Krishnan , the Principal Executive Officer of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc., hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(2)   
 
  the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc., on a consolidated basis.     

Date:   
 
  November 18, 2016   

/s/ Parthasarathy Krishnan   

Name: Parthasarathy Krishnan  
  Title: Chief Executive Officer   
  (Principal Executive Officer)     

A signed original of this written statement required by  906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.   
     
  The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2
 
   ex32-2.htm 

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
   PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc. for the period ending September 30, 2016, I, Parthasarathy Krishnan , the Principal Financial Officer of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc., hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(2)   
 
  the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Helios and Matheson Analytics Inc., on a consolidated basis.     

Date:   
 
  November 18, 2016   

/s/ Parthasarathy Krishnan   

Name: Parthasarathy Krishnan  
  Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer   
  (Principal Financial Officer)     

A signed original of this written statement required by  906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.     
     
  The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document.    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 hmny-20160930.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hmny-20160930.xsd
 EXHIBIT 101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hmny-20160930_cal.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hmny-20160930_def.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hmny-20160930_lab.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hmny-20160930_pre.xml
 EXHIBIT 101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

