<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1263762_0001144204-16-134217_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12912675</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118204</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>427797</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4446032</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6157259</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1460669</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>112</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134217.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114163124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134217
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SELECT BANCORP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001263762
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				200218264
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50400
		FILM NUMBER:		161995205

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MARK A JEFFRIES
		STREET 2:		700 WEST CUMBERLAND ST
		CITY:			DUNN
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			283351988
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(910) 892-7080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MARK A JEFFRIES
		STREET 2:		700 WEST CUMBERLAND ST
		CITY:			DUNN
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			283351988

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW CENTURY BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134217.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452218_10q.htm
 10-Q

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q  

x    Quarterly
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)   

  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

 or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)   

 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period ended from                
  to                       

Commission File Number     000-50400      

Select Bancorp, Inc.   

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified
in its charter) 

North Carolina  
       
      20-0218264   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
 
      incorporation or organization)  

700 W. Cumberland Street  

Dunn, North Carolina  
       
      28334   
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

Registrant's telephone number, including
area code (910) 892-7080 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x  
No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
      Smaller reporting company   x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      
No   x  

As of November 8, 2016, the Registrant
had outstanding 11,633,824 shares of Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share. 

Part I.    Financial
Information   

    Item 1 - Financial Statements  

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

* Derived from audited consolidated financial
statements. 

See accompanying notes.  

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) 

See
accompanying notes.  

SELECT
BANCORP, INC.    

    CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited)    

See accompanying notes.  

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (Unaudited) 

(in thousands, except share data) 

See accompanying notes.  

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes.  

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (Continued) 

See accompanying notes.  

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE A - BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

Select Bancorp, Inc. ( Company )
is a bank holding company whose principal business activity consists of ownership of Select Bank   Trust Company (referred
to as the  Bank ). In 2004, the Company formed New Century Statutory Trust I, which issued trust preferred securities
to provide additional capital for general corporate purposes, including the current and future expansion of the Company. New Century
Statutory Trust I is not a consolidated subsidiary of the Company .    The Company
is subject to the rules and regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve and the North Carolina Commissioner of
Banks. 

Select Bank   Trust Company was originally
incorporated as New Century Bank on May 19, 2000 and began banking operations on May 24, 2000. Legacy Select Bank   Trust Company
was incorporated on July 30, 2004 and was merged with and into the Bank on July 25, 2014 in connection with the Company s
acquisition of Legacy Select. Select Bank   Trust Company continues as the only banking subsidiary of the Company with its
headquarters and operations center located in Dunn, NC. The Bank is engaged in general commercial and retail banking in central
and eastern North Carolina and operates under the banking laws of North Carolina and the rules and regulations of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation and the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks. The Bank undergoes periodic examinations by those regulatory
authorities. 

All significant inter-company transactions
and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. In management s opinion, the financial information, which is unaudited,
reflects all adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of the financial
information as of and for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). 

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements, as well as the amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Operating results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. 

The organization and business of the Company,
accounting policies followed by the Company and other relevant information are contained in the notes to the financial statements
filed as part of the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
on March 24, 2016. This quarterly report should be read in conjunction with the Annual Report. 

Certain reclassifications of the information
in prior periods were made to conform to the September 30, 2016 presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on shareholders 
equity or net income as previously reported. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE B - PER SHARE RESULTS  

Basic net income per share is computed
based upon the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share includes
the dilutive effect of stock options outstanding during the period. At September 30, 2016 and 2015 there were 123,800 and 111,080
anti-dilutive options outstanding, respectively.  

NOTE C - RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

The following summarizes recent accounting
pronouncements and their expected impact on the Company: 

In September 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standard Update 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments  ( ASU 2015-16 ). ASU
2015-16 simplifies the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by eliminating
the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. The amendments in ASU 2015-16 are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016 with no material effect on its financial
statements. 

In June 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-10,
 Technical Corrections and Improvements . The amendments included in this Update are effective immediately and transition
guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. This
guidance was adopted as of January 1, 2016 with no material effect on its financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . The amendments in this Update provide a comprehensive new revenue recognition
model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that
reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. This Update also requires additional
disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including
significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The amendments
in this Update are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is not permitted. Adoption of this
update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations because this
ASU does not apply to financial instruments. 

In
August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  As a result of
the deferral, the guidance in ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. In March 2016, the FASB
further amended the Revenue from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify the implementation
guidance on principal versus agent considerations and address how an entity should assess whether it is the principal or the agent
in contracts that include three or more parties.  

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE C - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued)   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements
(Continued)     

In April 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue
from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify guidance related to identifying performance
obligations and accounting for licenses of intellectual property. The amendments will be effective for the Company for reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial
statements. 

In May 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue
from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify guidance related to collectability, noncash
consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition. The amendments will be effective for the Company for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-based Payment Accounting,  to simplify several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including the income tax consequences, the classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on the statement of cash flows. Additionally, the guidance simplifies
two areas specific to entities other than public business entities allowing them to apply a practical expedient to estimate the
expected term for all awards with performance or service conditions that have certain characteristics and also allowing them to
make a one-time election to switch from measuring all liability-classified awards at fair value to measuring them at intrinsic
value. The amendments will be effective for the Company for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods
within those annual periods .  The Company is currently evaluating the expected impact of these amendments to its financial
statements but generally expects a positive impact to net earnings at the time of adoption as recording of any excess tax benefit
will be through the income statement rather than additional paid in capital. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,
 Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items , to eliminate from U.S. GAAP
the concept of an extraordinary item, which is an event or transaction that is both (1) unusual in nature and (2) infrequently
occurring. Under the new guidance, an entity will no longer (1) segregate an extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations;
(2) separately present an extraordinary item on its income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations; or (3)
disclose income taxes and earnings-per-share data applicable to an extraordinary item. The amendments were effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted provided
that the guidance was applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company adopted this guidance as of January
1, 2016 with no material effect on its financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,
 Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis , which amends the consolidation requirements and significantly changes the consolidation
analysis required under U.S. GAAP. Although the amendments are expected to result in the deconsolidation of many entities, the
Company will need to reevaluate all its previous consolidation conclusions. The amendments were effective for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted (including during an interim
period), provided that the guidance was applied as of the beginning of the annual period containing the adoption date. The Company
adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016 with no material effect on its financial statements. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE C - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued)   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)   

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,
 Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated
with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  amendment to the Interest topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify the SEC
staff s position on presenting and measuring debt issuance costs incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements.
The amendments were effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted this guidance as of January
1, 2016 with no material effect on its financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB amended the Financial
Instruments topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation,
and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company will apply the guidance by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the
balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The amendments related to equity securities without readily determinable
fair values will be applied prospectively to equity investments that exist as of the date of adoption of the amendments. The Company
does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases  (Topic 842). This Update is intended to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions. The ASU affects all
companies and other organizations that lease assets such as real estate, airplanes, and manufacturing equipment. The ASU will require
organizations that lease assets   referred to as  leasee    to recognize on the balance sheet the assets
and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. A leasee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities
for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current guidelines, the recognition, measurement, and presentation
of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a leasee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating
lease. However, the new ASU will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. The Update also will require
disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash
flows arising from leases. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements, providing additional information
about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. The accounting by organizations that own the assets leased by the lease
will remain largely unchanged from current guidance. The amendments are effective for public companies for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 31, 2018. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  guidance
to change the accounting for credit losses and modify the impairment model for certain debt securities. The amendments will be
effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the effect
that implementation of the new standard will have on its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE C - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued)   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)   

In August 2016, the FASB amended the Statement
of Cash Flows topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented
and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments will be effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material
effect on its financial statements. 

Other accounting standards that have been
issued or proposed by FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

From time to time, the FASB issues exposure
drafts for proposed statements of financial accounting standards. Such exposure drafts are subject to comment from the public,
to revisions by the FASB and to final issuance by the FASB as statements of financial accounting standards. Management considers
the effect of the proposed statements on the consolidated financial statements of the Company and monitors the status of changes
to and proposed effective dates of exposure drafts. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTED D - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
ASC 820 does not require any new fair value measurements, but clarifies and standardizes some divergent practices that have emerged
since prior guidance was issued. ASC 820 creates a three-level hierarchy under which individual fair value estimates are to be
ranked based on the relative reliability of the inputs used in the valuation. 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific
moment in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect
any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire holdings of a particular
financial instrument. 

Because no active market readily exists
for a portion of the Company s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding future expected
loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates
are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with
precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

The following methods and assumptions were
used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value: 

Fair Value Hierarchy   

 The Company groups assets and liabilities
at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions
used to determine fair value. These levels are: 

Level 1   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets.   

Level 2   Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.   

Level 3   Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques.   

The following is a description of valuation
methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE D   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (continued)   

Investment Securities Available-for-Sale
 ( AFS ) 

 Investment securities available-for-sale
are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices, if available. If quoted prices
are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as
the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors
such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange,
U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets and money market funds. Level
2 securities include U.S. government agency securities, mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored entities, and
municipal bonds. There have been no changes in valuation techniques for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Valuation techniques
are consistent with techniques used in prior periods. 

The following tables summarize quantitative
disclosures about the fair value measurement for each category of assets carried at fair value on a recurring basis as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE D   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (continued)   

The following is a description of valuation
methodologies used for assets recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

Loans   

 The Company does not record loans at fair
value on a recurring basis. However, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired and an allowance for loan losses is established.
Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual terms
of the loan agreement are considered impaired. Once a loan is identified as individually impaired, management measures impairment
in accordance with ASC 310,  Receivables . The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one of several methods,
including collateral value, market value of similar debt, enterprise value, or liquidation value and discounted cash flows. Those
impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the fair value of the expected repayments or collateral exceed
the recorded investments in such loans. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, substantially all of the total impaired
loans were evaluated based on the fair value of the collateral. Impaired loans where an allowance is established based on the fair
value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable
market price or a current appraised value, the Company records the impaired loan as non-recurring Level 2. When an appraised value
is not available or management determines the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there
is no observable market price, the Company records the impaired loan as non-recurring Level 3. The significant unobservable input
used in the fair value measurement of the Company s impaired loans is the discount applied to appraised values to account
for expected liquidation and selling costs. At September 30, 2016, the discounts to appraised value used are weighted between 4%
and 50%. There were no transfers between levels from the prior reporting periods and there have been no changes in valuation techniques
for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Foreclosed Real Estate   

 Foreclosed real estate are properties recorded
at estimated fair value less estimated selling costs. Inputs include appraised values on the properties or recent sales activity
for similar assets in the property s market. Therefore, foreclosed real estate is classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy.
The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s foreclosed real estate is the discount
applied to appraised values to account for expected liquidation and selling costs. At September 30, 2016, the discounts used ranged
between 6% and 10%. There have been no changes in valuation techniques for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Assets held for sale  

 During 2015, a branch facility was taken out of service as part
of the Company s branch restructuring plan and reclassified as held for sale. In the second quarter of 2016 an undeveloped
lot that was intended for the site of a future branch was under contract for sale and closed in July 2016. During the third quarter
of 2016 the land and building for our Washington branch was under contract for sale and closed in October 2016. The Bank entered
into a three year lease for approximately 20% of the square footage of the building for the Washington branch. The properties are
recorded at the remaining book balance of the asset or an estimated fair value less estimated selling costs, whichever is less.
Inputs include appraised values on the properties or recent sales activity for similar assets in the property s market. The
significant unobservable input used is the discount applied to appraised values to account for expected liquidation and selling
costs ranged between 1% and 25 % at September 30, 2016. There have been no changes in the valuation techniques for the three months
ended September 30, 2016. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE D   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (continued)   

The following tables summarize quantitative
disclosures about the fair value measurement for each category of assets carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE D   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (continued)   

The following table presents the carrying
values and estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE D   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (continued)   

Cash and Due from Banks, Certificates
of Deposit, Interest-Earning Deposits in Other Banks and Federal Funds Sold   

The carrying amounts for cash and due from
banks, certificates of deposit, interest-earning deposits in other banks and federal funds sold approximate fair value because
of the short maturities of those instruments. 

Investment Securities Available for
Sale   

Fair value for investment securities available
for sale equals quoted market price if such information is available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is
estimated using prices quoted for similar investments or quoted market prices obtained from independent pricing services. 

Loans    

For certain homogenous categories of loans,
such as residential mortgages, fair value is estimated using the quoted market prices for securities backed by similar loans, adjusted
for differences in loan characteristics. The fair value of other types of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows
using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining
maturities. However, the values likely do not represent exit prices due to distressed market conditions. 

Stock in Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta  

The fair value for FHLB stock approximates
carrying value, based on the redemption provisions of the FHLB stock. 

Other Non-Marketable Securities   

The fair value of equity instruments in
other non-marketable securities is assumed to approximate carrying value. 

Deposits   

The fair value of demand, savings, and
money market and NOW deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair values of time deposits are estimated
using the rates currently offered for instruments of similar remaining maturities. 

Short-term Debt   

Short-term debt consists of repurchase
agreements and FHLB advances with maturities of less than twelve months. The carrying values of these instruments is a reasonable
estimate of fair value. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE D   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (continued)   

Long-term Debt   

The fair values of long-term debt are based
on discounted expected cash flows at the interest rate for debt with the same or similar remaining maturities and collateral requirements. 

Accrued Interest Receivable and Accrued
Interest Payable    

The carrying amounts of accrued interest
receivable and payable approximate fair value because of the short maturities of these instruments. 

Financial Instruments with Off-Balance
Sheet Risk   

With regard to financial instruments with
off-balance sheet risk, it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of future financing commitments. 

NOTE E - INVESTMENT SECURITIES   

The amortized cost and fair value of available
for sale investments ( AFS ), with gross unrealized gains and losses, follow: 

As of September 30, 2016, accumulated other
comprehensive income included net unrealized gains totaling $1.6 million. Deferred tax liabilities resulting from these net unrealized
gains totaled $604,000. 

As of December 31, 2015, accumulated other
comprehensive income included net unrealized gains totaling $781,000. Deferred tax liabilities resulting from these net unrealized
gains totaled $291,000. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE E - INVESTMENT SECURITIES (continued)  

The scheduled maturities of securities
available for sale, with gross unrealized gains and losses, were as follows: 

Securities with a carrying value of $35.1
million and $45.2 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged to secure public monies on deposit
as required by law, customer repurchase agreements, and access to the Federal Reserve Discount Window. 

Since none of the unrealized losses relate
to the liquidity of the securities or the issuer s ability to honor redemption obligations and the Company has the intent
and ability to hold these securities to recovery, no other than temporary impairments were identified for these investments having
unrealized losses for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. In 2015, the Company did not incur a loss on
the disposal of any security and it has not realized any losses related to the sale of securities in 2016. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE E- INVESTMENT SECURITIES (continued)  

The following tables show the gross unrealized
losses and fair value of the Company s investment securities, aggregated by investment category and length of time that the
individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
two AFS securities with an unrealized loss for twelve or more consecutive months. Two U.S. government agency GSE s had unrealized
losses for more than twelve months totaling $12,000 at September 30, 2016. There were no securities that had losses for less than
twelve months at September 30, 2016. All unrealized losses are attributable to the general trend of interest rates. During the
third quarter of 2016 there were no sales of investment securities. During the first nine months of 2016 gross proceeds of investment
sales amounted to $624,000 with gains of $22,000. 

At December 31, 2015, the Company had five
AFS securities with an unrealized loss for twelve or more consecutive months. Five U.S. government agency GSE s had unrealized
losses for more than twelve months totaling $126,000 at December 31, 2015. Six U.S. government agency GSE s, one municipal
and seven mortgage-backed GSE s had unrealized losses for less than twelve months totaling $134,000 at December 31, 2015.
All unrealized losses are attributable to the general trend of interest rates and the abnormal spreads of all debt instruments
to U.S. Treasury securities. The Company did not incur a loss on any securities sold during 2015. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC.    
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

NOTE F - LOANS    

Following is a summary of the composition
of the Company s loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Loans are primarily secured by real estate
located in eastern and central North Carolina. Real estate loans can be affected by the condition of the local real estate market
and by local economic conditions. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
pre-approved but unused lines of credit for customers totaling $127.6 million. In management s opinion, these commitments,
and undisbursed proceeds on loans reflected above, represent no more than normal lending risk to the Company and will be funded
from normal sources of liquidity. 

A floating lien of $95.9 million of loans
was pledged to the FHLB to secure borrowings at September 30, 2016. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC.   
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

NOTE F - LOANS (continued)   

A description of the various loan products
provided by the Bank is presented below. 

1-to-4 Family Residential Loans   

 Residential 1-to-4 family loans are mortgage
loans secured by residential real estate within the Bank s market areas. These loans may also include loans that convert
from construction loans into permanent financing and are secured by properties within the Bank s market areas. 

Commercial Real Estate Loans   

 Commercial real estate loans are underwritten
based on the borrower s ability to generate adequate cash flow to repay the subject debt within reasonable terms. Commercial
real estate loans typically include both owner and non-owner occupied properties with higher principal loan amounts. The repayment
of these loans is generally dependent on the successful management of the property. Commercial real estate loans are sensitive
to market and general economic conditions. Repayment analysis must be performed and consists of an identified primary/cash flow
source of repayment and a secondary/liquidation source of repayment. The primary source of repayment is cash flow from income generated
from rental or lease of the property. However, the cash flow can be supplemented with the borrower's and guarantor's global cash
flow position. Other credit issues such as the business fundamentals and financial strength of the borrower/guarantor can be considered
in determining adequacy of repayment ability. The secondary source of repayment is liquidation of the collateral, supplemented
by a liquidation cushion provided by the financial assets of the borrower/guarantor. Management monitors and evaluates commercial
real estate loans based on collateral, cash flow, market area, and risk grade. 

Multi-family Residential Loans   

 Multi-family residential loans are typically
non-farm properties with 5 or more dwelling units in structures which include apartment buildings used primarily to accommodate
households on a more or less permanent basis. Successful performance of these types of loans is primarily dependent on occupancy
rates, rental rates, and property management. 

Construction Loans   

  Construction
loans are non-revolving extensions of credit secured by real property of which the proceeds are used to acquire and develop land
and to construct commercial or residential buildings.  The primary source of repayment for these types of loans is the sale
of the improved property or permanent financing in which case the property is expected to generate the cash flow necessary for
repayment on a permanent loan basis. Property cash flow may be supplemented with financial support from the borrowers/guarantors.
 Proper underwriting of a construction loan consists of the initial process of obtaining, analyzing,
and approving various aspects of information pertaining to: the  analysis of the permanent financing source, creditworthiness
of the borrower and guarantors, ability of the contractor to perform under the terms of the contract, and the  feasibility,
marketability, and valuation of the project.   

SELECT BANCORP,
INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

NOTE F - LOANS (continued)   

Also, consideration
is given to the  cost of the project and sources of funds needed to complete construction as well as identifying any sources
of equity funding. Construction loans are  traditionally considered to be higher risk loans involving
technical and legal requirements inherently different from other types of loans; however with thorough credit underwriting, proper
loan structure, and diligent loan servicing, these risks can often be mitigated.     Some examples
of risks inherent in this type of lending include: underestimated costs, inflation of material and labor costs, site difficulties
(i.e. rock, soil), project not built to plans, weather delays and natural disasters, borrower/contractor/subcontractor disputes
which prompt liens, and interest rates increasing beyond budget. 

Home Equity Lines of Credit   

 Home equity lines of credit are consumer-purpose
revolving extensions of credit which are secured by first or second liens on owner-occupied residential real estate. Appropriate
risk management and compliance practices are exercised to ensure that loan-to-value, lien perfection, and compliance risks are
addressed and managed within the Bank s established guidelines. The degree of utilization of revolving commitments within
this loan segment is reviewed periodically to identify changes in the behavior of this borrowing group. 

Commercial and Industrial Loans   

 Commercial and industrial loans are underwritten
after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to generate positive cash flow, operate profitably and prudently
expand its business. Underwriting standards are designed to promote relationships to include a full range of loan, deposit, and
cash management services. Commercial and industrial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower
and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower and the guarantors. The cash flows of the borrower, however,
may not be as expected and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. In the case of loans secured by accounts
receivable, the availability of funds for repayment can be impacted by the borrower s ability to collect amounts due from
its customers. 

Loans to Individuals   Overdrafts   

 Consumer loans are approved using Bank
policies and procedures established to evaluate each credit request. All lending decisions and credit risks are required to be
clearly documented. Several factors are considered in making these decisions such as credit score, adjusted net worth, liquidity,
debt ratio, disposable income, credit history, and loan-to-value of the collateral. This process, combined with the relatively
smaller loan amounts spreads the risk among many individual borrowers.     Overdrafts on customer accounts are classified
as loans for reporting purposes. 

SELECT BANCORP,
INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

NOTE F - LOANS (continued)   

The following tables present an age analysis
of past due loans, segregated by class of loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively: 

There were two loans that amounted to $431,000
that were more than 90 days past due and still accruing interest at September 30, 2016. 

There was one loan in the amount of $142,000
greater than 90 days past due and still accruing interest at December 31, 2015. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE F - LOANS
(continued)   

Impaired Loans    

The
following tables present information on loans that were considered to be impaired as    of
   
 September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:   

Impaired loans at September 30, 2016 were
approximately $9.1 million and were composed of $4.9 million in nonaccrual loans and $4.2 million in loans that were still accruing
interest. Recorded investment represents the current principal balance of the loan. Approximately $2.8 million in impaired loans
had specific allowances provided for them while the remaining $6.3 million had no specific allowances recorded at September 30,
2016. Of the $6.3 million with no allowance recorded, $1.3 million of those loans have had partial charge-offs recorded. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Impaired Loans (continued)   

Impaired loans at December 31, 2015 were
approximately $10.0 million and consisted of $6.6 million in non-accrual loans and $3.4 million in loans still in accruing status.
Recorded investment represents the current principal balance for the loan. Approximately $1.5 million of the $10.0 million in impaired
loans at December 31, 2015 had specific allowances recorded while the remaining $8.5 million had no specific allowances recorded.
Of the $8.5 million with no allowance recorded, $1.6 million of those loans have had partial charge-offs recorded. 

Loans are placed on non-accrual status
when it has been determined that all contractual principal and interest will not be received. Any payments received on these loans
are applied to principal first and then to interest only after all principal has been collected. In the case of an impaired loan
that is still on accrual basis, payments are applied to both principal and interest. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Troubled Debt Restructurings    

The following table presents loans that
were modified as troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) with a breakdown of the types of concessions made by loan class
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Loans
may be considered troubled debt restructurings for reasons other than below market interest rates, extended payment terms or forgiveness
of principal.   

SELECT
BANCORP, INC.      
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited )   

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Troubled Debt Restructurings (continued)   

The following table presents loans that
were modified as TDRs within the past twelve months with a breakdown of the types for which there was a payment default together
with concessions made by loan class during the twelve month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

At September 30, 2016, the Bank had thirty-three
loans with an aggregate balance of $4.1 million that were considered to be troubled debt restructurings. Of those TDRs, twenty-two
loans with a balance totaling $2.7 million were still accruing as of September 30, 2016. The remaining TDRs with balances totaling
$1.4 million as of September 30, 2016 were in non-accrual status. 

At September 30, 2015, the Bank had thirty-nine
loans with an aggregate balance of $6.4 million that were considered to be troubled debt restructurings. Of those TDRs, twenty-three
loans with a balance totaling $3.6 million were still accruing as of September 30, 2015. The remaining TDRs with balances totaling
$2.9 million as of September 30, 2015 were in non-accrual status. 

Credit Quality Indicators   

As part of the on-going monitoring of the
credit quality of the loan portfolio, management utilizes a risk grading matrix to assign a risk grade to each of the Company s
loans. All non-consumer loans are graded on a scale of 1 to 9. A description of the general characteristics of these nine different
risk grades is as follows: 

Risk Grade 1 (Superior) - Credits in this category are virtually risk-free and are well-collateralized
by cash-equivalent instruments. The repayment program is well-defined and achievable. Repayment sources are numerous. No material
documentation deficiencies or exceptions exist.   

Risk Grade 2 (Very Good) - This grade is reserved for loans secured by readily marketable collateral,
or loans within guidelines to borrowers with liquid financial statements. A liquid financial statement is a financial statement
with substantial liquid assets relative to debts. These loans have excellent sources of repayment, with no significant identifiable
risk of collection, and conform in all respects to Bank policy, guidelines, underwriting standards, and Federal and State regulations
(no exceptions of any kind).   

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Credit Quality Indicators (continued)   

Risk Grade 3 (Good) - These loans have excellent sources of repayment, with no significant identifiable
risk of collection. Generally, loans assigned this risk grade will demonstrate the following characteristics: Conformity in all
respects with Bank policy, guidelines, underwriting standards, and Federal and State regulations (no exceptions of any kind). Loans
assigned this risk grade will demonstrate the following characteristics:   

o   Documented historical cash flow that meets or exceeds required minimum Bank guidelines, or that
can be supplemented with verifiable cash flow from other sources.   

o   Adequate secondary sources to liquidate the debt, including combinations of liquidity, liquidation
of collateral, or liquidation value to the net worth of the borrower or guarantor.   

Risk Grade 4 (Acceptable) - This grade is given to acceptable loans. These loans have adequate
sources of repayment, with little identifiable risk of collection. Loans assigned this risk grade will demonstrate the following
characteristics:   

o   General conformity to the Bank's policy requirements, product guidelines and underwriting standards,
with limited exceptions. Any exceptions that are identified during the underwriting and approval process have been adequately mitigated
by other factors.   

o   Documented historical cash flow that meets or exceeds required minimum Bank guidelines, or that
can be supplemented with verifiable cash flow from other sources.     

o   Adequate secondary sources to liquidate the debt, including combinations of liquidity, liquidation
of collateral, or liquidation value to the net worth of the borrower or guarantor.   

Risk Grade 5 (Acceptable With Care) -
This grade is given to acceptable loans that show signs of weakness in either adequate sources of repayment or collateral, but
have demonstrated mitigating factors that minimize the risk of delinquency or loss.  Loans assigned this grade may demonstrate
some or all of the following characteristics:    

o  Additional exceptions to the Bank's policy requirements, product guidelines or underwriting standards
that present a higher degree of risk to the Bank.  Although the combination and/or severity of identified exceptions is greater,
all exceptions have been properly mitigated by other factors.   

o  Unproven, insufficient or marginal primary sources of repayment that appear sufficient to service
the debt at this time.  Repayment weaknesses may be due to minor operational issues, financial trends, or reliance on projected
(not historic) performance.   

o  Marginal or unproven secondary sources to liquidate the debt, including combinations of liquidation
of collateral and liquidation value to the net worth of the borrower or guarantor.   

Risk Grade 6 (Watch List
or Special Mention)   Loans in this category can have the following characteristics:  

o  Loans with underwriting guideline tolerances and/or exceptions and with no mitigating factors.   

o  Extending loans that are currently performing satisfactorily but with potential weaknesses that
may, if not corrected, weaken the asset or inadequately protect the Bank's position at some future date. Potential weaknesses are
the result of deviations from prudent lending practices.   

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Credit Quality Indicators (continued)   

o  Loans where adverse economic conditions that develop subsequent to the loan origination that don't
jeopardize liquidation of the debt but do substantially increase the level of risk may also warrant this rating.   

Risk Grade 7 (Substandard) -  A Substandard loan is inadequately protected
by the current sound net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans classified as Substandard
must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt; they are characterized by the distinct
possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Loans consistently not meeting
the repayment schedule should be downgraded to substandard. Loans in this category are characterized by deterioration in quality
exhibited by any number of well-defined weaknesses requiring corrective action.   

Risk Grade 8 (Doubtful) - Loans classified Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in loans classified
Substandard, plus the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of currently
existing facts, conditions, and values highly questionable and improbable. However, these loans are not yet rated as loss because
certain events may occur which would salvage the debt.   

Risk
Grade 9 (Loss) -  Loans classified as Loss are considered uncollectable and of such little value that
their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the asset has absolutely no recovery
or salvage value, but rather that it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off the loan even though partial recovery may
be affected in the future.     

Consumer loans are graded on a scale of
1 to 9. A description of the general characteristics of the nine risk grades is as follows: 

Risk Grades 1   5 (Pass)   The loans in this category range from loans secured by cash
with no risk of principal deterioration (Risk Grade 1) to loans that show signs of weakness in either adequate sources of repayment
or collateral but have demonstrated mitigating factors that minimize the risk of delinquency or loss (Risk Grade 5).   

Risk Grade 6 (Watch List or Special Mention) -  Watch List or Special
Mention loans include the following characteristics:    

o   Loans within guideline tolerances or with exceptions of any kind that have not been mitigated by
other economic or credit factors.   

o   Extending loans that are currently performing satisfactorily but with potential weaknesses that
may, if not corrected, weaken the asset or inadequately protect the Bank's position at some future date. Potential weaknesses are
the result of deviations from prudent lending practices.   

o   Loans where adverse economic conditions that develop subsequent to the loan origination that don't
jeopardize liquidation of the debt but do substantially increase the level of risk may also warrant this rating.   

Risk Grade 7 (Substandard) -  A Substandard loan is inadequately protected
by the current sound net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans classified as Substandard
must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt; they are characterized by the distinct
possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.    

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Credit Quality Indicators (continued)   

Risk Grade 8 (Doubtful) - Loans classified Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in loans classified
Substandard, plus the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of currently
existing facts, conditions, and values highly questionable and improbable. However, these loans are not yet rated as loss because
certain events may occur which would salvage the debt.   

Risk Grade 9 (Loss) -  Loans classified Loss are considered uncollectable
and of such little value that their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the
asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather that it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this worthless
loan even though partial recovery may be affected in the future.    

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

The following tables present information
on risk ratings of the commercial and consumer loan portfolios, segregated by loan class as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively: 

Total loans: 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Total Loans: 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Determining the fair value of Purchased
Credit Impaired (PCI) loans at acquisition required the Company to estimate cash flows expected to result from those loans and
to discount those cash flows at appropriate rates of interest. For such loans, the excess of cash flows expected to be collected
at acquisition over the estimated fair value is recognized as interest income over the remaining lives of the loans and is called
the accretable yield. The difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected
at acquisition reflects the impact of estimated credit losses and is called the nonaccretable difference. In accordance with GAAP,
there was no carry-over of previously established allowance for credit losses from the acquired company. 

The following table documents changes to
the amount of the accretable yield on PCI loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

Allowance for Loan Losses   

The allowance for loan losses is a reserve
established through provisions for loan losses charged to income and represents management s best estimate of probable loan
losses that have been incurred within the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary
to reserve for estimated losses and risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The Company s allowance for loan loss methodology
is based on historical loss experience by type of credit and internal risk grade, specific homogeneous risk pools and specific
loss allocations, with adjustments for current events and conditions. The Company s process for determining the appropriate
level of reserves is designed to account for changes in credit quality as they occur. The provision for loan losses reflects loan
quality trends, including the levels of and trends related to past due loans and economic conditions at the local and national
levels. It also considers the quality and risk characteristics of the Company s loan origination and servicing policies and
practices. 

The Company s allowance for loan
losses model calculates historical loss rates by using a loss migration analysis associating losses to the risk-graded pool to
which they relate for each of the previous twelve quarters. Then, using the twelve quarter look back period, loss factors are calculated
for each risk-graded pool. The model incorporates various internal and external qualitative and environmental factors as described
in the Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses, dated December 2006. Input for these factors is
determined on the basis of management observation, judgment, and experience. The factors utilized by the Company in the model for
all loan classes are as follows: 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   

Internal Factors  

Concentrations   Measures the increased
risk derived from concentration of credit exposure in particular industry segments within the portfolio.    

Policy exceptions   Measures the
risk derived from granting terms outside of underwriting guidelines.    

Compliance exceptions  Measures
the risk derived from granting terms outside of regulatory guidelines.    

Document exceptions  Measures the
risk exposure resulting from the inability to collect due to improperly executed documents and collateral imperfections.    

Financial information monitoring  
Measures the risk associated with not having current borrower financial information.    

Nonaccrual   Reflects increased
risk of loans with characteristics that merit nonaccrual status.    

Delinquency   Reflects the increased
risk deriving from higher delinquency rates.    

Personnel turnover   Reflects staff
competence in various types of lending.    

Portfolio growth   Measures the
impact of growth and potential risk derived from new loan production.    

External Factors  

GDP growth rate   Impact of general
economic factors that affect the portfolio.    

North Carolina unemployment rate  
Impact of local economic factors that affect the portfolio.    

Peer group delinquency rate   Measures
risk associated with the credit requirements of competitors.    

Prime rate change   Measures the
effect on the portfolio in the event of changes in the prime lending rate.    

Each pool is assigned an adjustment to
the potential loss percentage by assessing its characteristics against each of the factors listed above. 

Reserves are generally divided into three
allocation segments: 

1.   Individual reserves. These   are calculated according to ASC Section 310-10-35 against loans
evaluated individually and deemed to be most likely impaired.  All loans in non-accrual status and all substandard loans that
are deemed to be collateral dependent are assessed for impairment. Loans are deemed uncollectible based on a variety of credit,
collateral, documentation and other issues. In the case of uncollectible receivables, the collateral is considered unsecured and
therefore fully charged off.   

2.   Formula reserves. Formula reserves are held against loans evaluated collectively. Loans are grouped
by type or by risk grade, or some combination of the two. Loss estimates are based on historical loss rates for each respective
loan group. Formula reserves represent the Company s best estimate of losses that may be inherent, or embedded, within the
group of loans, even if it is not apparent at this time which loans within any group or pool represent those embedded losses.   

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Allowance for Loan Losses (continued)   

3.   Qualitative and external reserves. If individual reserves represent estimated losses tied to specific
loans, and formula reserves represent estimated losses tied to a pool of loans but not yet to any specific loan, then these reserves
represent an estimate of likely incurred losses, but are not yet tied to any loan or group of loans.   

All information related to the calculation
of the three segments, including data analysis, assumptions, and calculations are documented. Assigning specific individual reserve
amounts, formula reserve factors, or unallocated amounts based on unsupported assumptions or conclusions is not permitted. 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued)   

The following tables present a roll forward
of the Company s allowance for loan losses by loan class for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively: 

SELECT
BANCORP, INC. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued)   

SELECT BANCORP, INC.    
 
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued)   

The following tables present a roll forward
of the Company s allowance for loan losses by loan class for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively
(in thousands): 

SELECT BANCORP, INC.    
 
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

NOTE G - LOANS (continued)   

Allowance for Loan Losses (Continued)   

SELECT BANCORP, INC.    
 
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

NOTE H   ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

The following
table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The income statement line items impacted
by the reclassifications of realized gains (losses) on investment securities are the gain on the sale of securities and income
tax expense line items in the consolidated statement of operations. 

NOTE I - REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS   

We utilize securities sold under agreements
to repurchase to facilitate the needs of our customers and secure long-term funding needs. Repurchase agreements are transactions
whereby we offer to sell to a counterparty an undivided interest in an eligible security at an agreed upon purchase price, and
which obligates the Company to repurchase the security on an agreed upon date at an agreed upon repurchase price plus interest
at an agreed upon rate. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are recorded at the amount of cash received in connection
with the transaction and are reflected as short-term borrowings. 

We monitor collateral levels on a continuous
basis and maintain records of each transaction specifically describing the applicable security and the counterparty s fractional
interest in that security, and we segregate the security from our general assets in accordance with regulations governing custodial
holdings of securities. The primary risk with our repurchase agreements is market risk associated with the investments securing
the transactions, as we may be required to provide additional collateral based on fair value changes of the underlying investments.
Securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements are maintained with our safekeeping agents. The carrying value of
available for sale investment securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements totaled $10.3 million and $12.1 million
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

SELECT BANCORP, INC.    
 
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

NOTE I - REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS (continued)   

The remaining contractual maturity of the
securities sold under agreements to repurchase by class of collateral pledged included in short-term borrowings as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is presented in the following tables. 

SELECT BANCORP, INC.    
 
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

NOTE J   OTHER REAL ESTATE
OWNED   

The following table explains changes in
other real estate owned during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands): 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had
$99,000 and $1.4 million, respectively, of foreclosed residential real estate property in OREO. The recorded investment in consumer
mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property in the process of foreclosure totaled $436,000 and none at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE K   SUBSEQUENT EVENT   

The Company entered into a contract to
sell the Washington, North Carolina branch building during the third quarter of this year. The contract was closed on October
14, 2016 and the Bank entered into a lease with the new owner for a period of three years. As of September 30, 2016 the real estate
related to the Washington property was classified as Assets held for Sale and the immaterial loss on sale was recorded. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Management s discussion and analysis
is intended to assist readers in the understanding and evaluation of the financial condition and results of operations of Select
Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ). This report contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 relating to, without limitation, our future economic performance, plans and
objectives for future operations, and projections of revenues and other financial items that are based on our beliefs, as well
as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. The words  may,   will,   anticipate, 
 should,   would,   believe,   contemplate,   could,   project, 
 predict,   expect,   estimate,   continue,  and  intend,  as well
as other similar words and expressions of the future, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results,
performance or achievements may differ materially from the results expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Factors
that could influence actual results, performance or achievements include, among other things, changes in national, regional and
local market conditions, legislative and regulatory conditions, and the interest rate environment. 

Overview 

The Company is a commercial bank holding
company and has one banking subsidiary, Select Bank   Trust Company (referred to as the  Bank ), and one unconsolidated
subsidiary, New Century Statutory Trust I, which issued trust preferred securities in 2004 to provide additional capital for general
corporate purposes. The Company s only business activity is the ownership of the Bank and New Century Statutory Trust I.
This discussion focuses primarily on the financial condition and operating results of the Bank. 

The Bank s lending activities are
oriented to the consumer/retail customer as well as to the small- to medium-sized businesses located in Harnett, Brunswick, Carteret,
Cumberland, Johnston, Pitt, Robeson, Sampson, Wake, Pasquotank, Martin, Alamance, and Wayne counties in North Carolina. The Bank
offers the standard complement of commercial, consumer, and mortgage lending products, as well as the ability to structure products
to fit specialized needs. The deposit services offered by the Bank include small business and personal checking accounts, savings
accounts and certificates of deposit. The Bank concentrates on customer relationships in building its customer deposit base and
competes aggressively in the area of transaction accounts. 

The Company was formerly known as New Century
Bancorp, Inc. On July 25, 2014, New Century Bancorp, Inc. acquired Select Bancorp, Inc. ( Legacy Select ) by merger.
The combined company is now known as Select Bancorp, Inc., which we refer to in this report as the Company. Legacy Select was a
bank holding company headquartered in Greenville, North Carolina, whose wholly owned subsidiary, Select Bank   Trust Company,
was a state-chartered commercial bank with approximately $276.9 million in assets. The merger expanded the Company s North
Carolina presence with the addition of six branches located in Greenville (two), Elizabeth City, Washington, Gibsonville, and Burlington.
During 2015, Gibsonville and Burlington were combined into a new location in Burlington. As noted in the following discussion and
analysis, the combination of the former New Century Bancorp and Legacy Select has had a significant impact on the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company completed construction of a
new branch at 416 South Hughes Boulevard, Elizabeth City, North Carolina in October 2015. The Company s branch at 100 Nance
Court relocated to this location. In addition, we acquired two new branches located at 1101 New Pointe Boulevard, Leland, North
Carolina and 168 NC Highway 24, Morehead City, North Carolina in December 2015. 

In August 2015, we closed our branches
located at 220 Burlington Street, Gibsonville, North Carolina and 523 S. Worth Street, Burlington, North Carolina and transferred
accounts to our new Burlington branch located at 3158 South Church Street. In addition, we closed our branch located at 6390 Ramsey
Street, Fayetteville, North Carolina and transferred accounts to our Fayetteville branch located at 2818 Raeford Road during September
2015. On April 29, 2016 we closed our branch located at 3800 10 th  Street, Greenville, North Carolina but the property
will be held and used. In July 2016 an undeveloped lot previously intended for branch expansion was sold. In August our branch
property located in Washington, North Carolina was placed under contract with the branch remaining open in the property under a
lease for three years. The closed properties are included in assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet as of September
30, 2016. 

The Company is assessing the effect, if
any, of Hurricane Matthew on the customers and markets it serves.  While no material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition or results of operations are currently anticipated, the Company intends to assess in future periods the effect,
if any, on customers affected by the hurricane on October 8, 2016. 

Comparison of Financial Condition
at  

  September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015  

During the first nine months of 2016, total
assets increased by $27.8 million to $844.8 million as of September 30, 2016. The increase in assets was due primarily to loan
growth funded by DDA deposits and time deposits. Earning assets at September 30, 2016 totaled $771.1 million and consisted of $643.9
million in net loans, $65.7 million in investment securities, $58.5 million in overnight investments and interest-bearing deposits
in other banks and $3.1 million in non-marketable equity securities, of which $2.3 million is FHLB stock. Total deposits and shareholders 
equity at the end of the third quarter of 2016 were $677.1 million and $103.2 million, respectively. 

Since the end of 2015, gross loans have
increased by $34.3 million to $651.7 million as of September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, gross loans consisted of $82.6 million
in commercial and industrial loans, $261.8 million in commercial real estate loans, $47.9 million in multi-family residential loans,
$9.1 million in consumer loans, $93.8 million in residential real estate loans, $41.4 million in HELOCs, and $116.3 million in
construction loans. Deferred loan fees, net of costs, on these loans were $1.1 million at September 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, there were no federal funds sold and no repurchase agreements. Interest-earning deposits in other banks were $57.5 million
at September 30, 2016, a $7.6 million increase from December 31, 2015. The Company s investment securities at September 30,
2016 were $65.7 million, a decrease of $15.0 million from December 31, 2015 in order to provide funding for higher yielding loans.
The investment portfolio as of September 30, 2016 consisted of $15.2 million in government agency debt securities, $33.9 million
in mortgage-backed securities and $16.6 million in municipal securities. The net unrealized gain on these securities as of September
30, 2016 was $1.6 million. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
an investment of $2.3 million in Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) stock, which increased by $228,000 from December 31,
2015. Also, the Company had $750,000 in other non-marketable securities at September 30, 2016, which increased by $45,000 from
December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, non-earning assets
were $73.7 million, an increase of $2.3 million from $71.4 million as of December 31, 2015. Non-earning assets included $15.5 million
in cash and due from banks, bank premises and equipment of $18.1 million, goodwill of $6.9 million, core deposit intangible of
$909,000, accrued interest receivable of $2.5 million, foreclosed real estate of $548,000, $22.0 million in bank owned life insurance
( BOLI ), $1.2 million of assets held for sale, and other assets of $5.9 million which included $4.1 million in deferred
tax assets. Since the income on BOLI is included in non-interest income, this asset is not included in the Company s calculation
of earning assets. The increase in non-earning assets was due primarily to the increase in deposits and the corresponding increase
in on-balance sheet cash. 

Total deposits at September 30, 2016 were
$677.1 million and consisted of $177.2 million in non-interest-bearing demand deposits, $170.0 million in money market and NOW
accounts, $37.9 million in savings accounts, and $292.0 million in time deposits. Total deposits increased by $26.0 million from
$651.2 million as of December 31, 2015, due primarily to an increase in DDA deposits. The Bank had $497,000 in brokered demand
deposits and $43.8 million in brokered time deposits as of September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
$38.2 million of short-term debt of which $10.3 million was repurchase agreements with local customers, $22.4 million in long-term
debt (of which $10.0 million is identified as FHLB borrowings) and $12.4 million in junior subordinated debentures that are classified
as long-term debt. 

Total shareholders  equity at September
30, 2016 was $103.2 million, a decrease of $1.5 million from $104.7 million as of December 31, 2015. This decrease is primarily
due the full redemption of $7.6 million of SBLF preferred stock on January 20, 2016 which is netted against year to date earnings
of $5.1 million. Accumulated other comprehensive income relating to available for sale securities increased $526,000 during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. Other changes in shareholders  equity included increases of $53,000 in stock-based
compensation and $410,000 from the exercise of stock options. 

Past Due Loans, Non-performing Assets,
and Asset Quality   

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
$1.0 million in loans that were 30 to 89 days past due. This represented 0.16% of gross loans outstanding on that date. This is
a decrease from December 31, 2015 when there were $2.5 million in loans that were 30-89 days past due or 0.41% of gross loans outstanding.
Non-accrual loans decreased from $6.6 million at December 31, 2015 to $4.9 million at September 30, 2016. 

The percentage of non-performing loans
(non-accrual loans and accruing troubled debt restructurings) to total loans decreased from 1.41% at December 31, 2015 to 1.16%
at September 30, 2016. The Company has experienced a decrease in non-accruals from $6.6 million at December 31, 2015 to $4.9 million
as of September 30, 2016 and an increase in accruing troubled debt restructurings from $2.1 million at December 31, 2015 to $2.7
million as of September 30, 2016. Of the $1.8 million decrease in non-accrual loans in the first nine months of the year, the decrease
is related to loans primarily in 1-to-4 Family Residential and Commercial Real Estate loan pool classifications. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
thirty-three loans totaling $4.1 million that were considered to be troubled debt restructurings. Twenty-two of these loans totaling
$2.7 million were still in accruing status with the remaining TDRs included in non-accrual loans. All TDRs are considered impaired
loans regardless of accrual status and have been included as non-performing assets in the table below. 

The table below sets forth, for the periods
indicated, information about the Company s non-accrual loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest,
total non-performing loans (non-accrual loans plus accruing TDRs), and total non-performing assets. 

Total non-performing assets (non-accrual
loans, accruing TDRs, and foreclosed real estate) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $8.1 million and $10.1 million,
respectively. The allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 represented 97% of non-performing assets compared to 69% at December
31, 2015. 

Total impaired loans at September 30, 2016
were $9.1 million. This includes $4.9 million in loans that were classified as impaired because they were in non-accrual status
and $4.2 million in loans that were determined to be impaired for other reasons. Of these loans, $2.8 million required a specific
reserve of $104,000 at September 30, 2016. 

Total impaired loans at December 31, 2015
were $10.0 million. This includes $6.6 million in loans that were considered to be impaired due to being in non-accrual status
and $3.4 million in loans that were deemed to be impaired for other reasons. Of these loans, $1.6 million required a specific reserve
of $94,000 at December 31, 2015. 

The allowance for loan losses was $7.9
million at September 30, 2016 or 1.21% of gross loans outstanding. This is an increase from the 1.14% reported as a percentage
of gross loans at December 31, 2015. 

The Legacy Select loans were recorded at
estimated fair value as of the acquisition date and the related credit risk reflected as a fair value adjustment rather than separately
in the allowance for losses as required in acquisition accounting. This required accounting under generally accepted accounting
principles has resulted in a lower percentage of the allowance for loan losses to gross loans at September 30, 2016 for all periods
post acquisition of Legacy Select. The allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 represented 104% and
81%, respectively, of non-performing loans. 

It is management s assessment that
the allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016 is appropriate in light of the risk inherent within the Company s
loan portfolio. No assurances, however, can be given that further adjustments to the allowance for loan losses may not be deemed
necessary in the future. 

Other Lending Risk Factors   

Besides monitoring non-performing loans
and past due loans, management also monitors trends in the loan portfolio that may indicate more than normal risk. A discussion
of certain other risk factors follows. Some loans or groups of loans may contain one or more of these individual loan risk factors.
Therefore, an accumulation of the amounts or percentages of the individual loan risk factors may not necessarily be an indication
of the cumulative risk in the total loan portfolio. 

Regulatory Loan to Value  

The Company monitors its exposure to loans
that exceed the guidelines established by regulators for loan to value ( LTV ) ratios. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had $20.2 million and $16.7 million in non 1-to-4 family residential loans that exceeded the regulatory LTV limits,
respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $4.9 million and $5.0 million of 1-to-4 family residential
loans that exceeded the regulatory LTV limits, respectively. The total amount of these loans represented 22.8% and 19.4% of total
risk-based capital as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, which is less than the 100% maximum allowed. These loans may
present more than ordinary risk to the Company if the real estate market weakens in terms of market activity or collateral valuations. 

Business Sector Concentrations  

Loan concentrations in certain business
sectors can be impacted by lower than normal retail sales, higher unemployment, higher vacancy rates, and a weakening in real estate
market conditions. The Company has established an internal commercial real estate guideline of 40% of risk-based capital for any
single product line. 

At September 30, 2016 the Company had one
product type group which exceeded this guideline; Real Estate Construction   Speculative and Presold, which represented 106%
of risk-based capital, or $116.2 million. The following groups were above policy guidelines Real Estate   Residential Rental,
Real Estate   Multifamily and Real Estate   Construction and all other commercial real estate groups were at or below
the 40% threshold. At December 31, 2015, the Company exceeded the 40% guideline in one product type. The 1-to-4 Family Residential
represented 62% of Risk-Based Capital or $68.8 million at December 31, 2015. All other commercial real estate product types were
under the 40% threshold. 

Acquisition, Development, and Construction Loans ( ADC )

The tables below provide information regarding
loans the Company originates for the purpose of acquisition, development, and construction of both residential and commercial properties
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Acquisition, Development and Construction
Loans 

 (Dollars in thousands) 

Management closely monitors the ADC portfolio
by reviewing funding based on project completeness, monthly and quarterly inspections as required by the project, collateral value,
geographic concentrations, spec-to-presold ratios and performance of similar loans in the Company s market area. 

Geographic Concentrations   

Certain risks exist arising from the geographic
location of specific types of higher than normal risk real estate loans. Below is a table showing geographic concentrations for
ADC and HELOC loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Interest Only Payments   

Another risk factor that exists in the
total loan portfolio pertains to loans with interest only payment terms. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $163.8 million
in loans that had terms permitting interest only payments. This represented 25.1% of the total loan portfolio. At December 31,
2015, the Company had $156.1 million in loans that had terms permitting interest only payments. This represented 25.3% of the total
loan portfolio. Notwithstanding the risk inherent with interest only loans, it is customary and general industry practice that
loans in the ADC portfolio permit interest only payments during the acquisition, development, and construction phases of such projects. 

Large Dollar Concentrations  

Concentrations of high dollar loans or
large customer relationships may pose additional risk in the total loan portfolio. The Company s ten largest loans or lines
of credit totaled $57.6 million, or 8.8% of total loans, at September 30, 2016 compared to $51.6 million, or 8.4% of total loans,
at December 31, 2015. The Company s ten largest customer relationships totaled $80.7 million, or 12.4% of total loans, at
September 30, 2016 compared to $85.1 million, or 13.8% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. Deterioration or loss in any one or
more of these high dollar loan or customer concentrations could have an immediate, significant adverse impact on the Company s
capital position.    

Comparison of Results of Operations
for the   

 Three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 

General . During the third quarter
of 2016, the Company had net income of $1.7 million as compared with net income of $1.4 million for the third quarter of 2015.
Net income per common share for the third quarter of 2016 was $0.15, basic and diluted, compared with net income per common share
of $0.12, basic and diluted, for the third quarter of 2015. Results of operations for the third quarter of 2016 were primarily
impacted by an increase of $312,000 in net interest income, and an increase in non-interest income of $213,000 and a decrease in
the provision for loan losses of $56,000. Noninterest expenses increased $61,000 which was primarily related to increased personnel
expense of $132,000, professional fees of $24,000 and occupancy expense of $32,000 which was offset by a reduction in deposit insurance
of $49,000 and core deposit intangible amortization of $20,000 and other associated expenses. The Company recorded a provision
of loan losses of $337,000 for the third quarter of 2016 compared to a provision of $393,000 in the third quarter of 2015. Net
interest margin of 4.27% in the third quarter of 2016 decreased 7 basis points from the same period in 2015 resulting from the
accretion of the credit mark associated with the acquired loan portfolio. 

Net Interest Income . Net interest
income increased to $7.8 million for the third quarter of 2016 from $7.5 million for the third quarter of 2015. The Company s
total interest income was affected by the increase in loan balances due to growth. Average total interest-earning assets were $737.2
million in the third quarter of 2016 compared with $689.2 million during the same period in 2015, while the yield on those assets
decreased 8 basis points from 4.84% to 4.76% which was primarily due to the yield accretion on loans acquired in the merger with
Legacy Select and the reduction of rates on recently originated loans. 

The Company s average interest-bearing
liabilities increased by $18.4 million to $550.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $532.3 million for the same
period one year earlier and the cost of those funds decreased from 0.67% to 0.66%, or 1 basis point. During the third quarter of
2016, the Company s net interest margin was 4.27% and net interest spread was 4.10%. In the same quarter ended one year earlier,
net interest margin was 4.34% and net interest spread was 4.18%. 

Provision for Loan Losses.  Provisions
for loan losses are charged to income to bring the allowance for loan losses to a level deemed appropriate by management. In evaluating
the allowance for loan losses, management considers factors that include growth, composition and industry diversification of the
portfolio, historical loan loss experience, current delinquency levels, adverse situations that may affect a borrower s
ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, prevailing economic conditions and other relevant factors. In
determining the loss history to be applied to its ASC 450 loan pools within the allowance for loan losses, the Company previously
used loss history based on the weighted average net charge off history for the most recent fourteen consecutive quarters, based
on the risk-graded pool to which the loss was assigned. Historical loss rates are calculated by using a loss migration analysis
associating losses to the risk-graded pool to which they relate for each of the previous twelve quarters. Then, using a twelve
quarter look back period, loss factors are calculated for each risk-graded pool. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company
recorded a provision for loan losses of $337,000 based primarily on loan growth and improving credit metrics as compared to a
provision of $393,000 in the third quarter of 2015. This trend of improving credit metrics had been consistently maintained in
2016. 

Non-Interest Income.  Non-interest
income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $785,000, an increase from $572,000 in the third quarter of 2015. Service
charges on deposit accounts decreased $25,000 to $249,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $274,000 for the same
period in 2015. Other non-deposit fees and income increased $238,000 from the third quarter of 2015 to the third quarter of 2016
due primarily to debit card fees and the branch impairment charge taken in the third quarter of 2015. The Company did not sell
any investment securities in the third quarter of 2016 or 2015.     

Non-Interest Expenses . Non-interest
expenses increased by $61,000 to $5.6 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, from $5.6 million for the same period in
2015. In general, categories of non-interest expenses that increased were offset by decreases in other areas. The following are
highlights of the significant categories of non-interest expenses during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period
in 2015: 

Foreclosed real estate-related expense
increased $43,000, primarily due to the loss on the sale of a large real estate owned property.    

There was a decrease of $49,000 of deposit
insurance expenses incurred in the third quarter of 2016 due to a regulatory rate reduction.    

Other non-interest expenses decreased
by $121,000, primarily due to a decrease in acquisition related non-interest expenses.    

Provision for Income Taxes . The
Company s effective tax rate was 34.7% and 37.0% for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The effective
tax rate for the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter in 2015 was impacted by an adjustment to reduce the Company s
deferred tax asset resulting from enacted lower corporate tax rates for the State of North Carolina in 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December,
31, 2015, the Company had a net deferred tax asset in the amount of $4.1 million and $3.2 million, respectively. In evaluating
whether the Company will realize the full benefit of the net deferred tax asset, management considered both positive and negative
evidence, including among other things, recent earnings trends, projected earnings, and asset quality. As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, management concluded that the net deferred tax assets were fully realizable. The Company will continue to
monitor deferred tax assets closely to evaluate whether the full benefit of the net deferred tax asset will require a valuation
allowance. Significant negative trends in credit quality or losses from operations, among other trends, could impact the realization
of the deferred tax asset in the future. 

Comparison of Results of Operations
for the   

 Nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 

General . During the first nine months
of 2016, the Company had net income of $5.1 million as compared with net income of $4.9 million for the first nine months of 2015.
Net income per share for the first nine months of 2016 was $0.44, basic and diluted, compared with net income per share of $0.42,
basic and diluted, for the first nine months of 2015. Results of operations for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015
was primarily impacted by an increase of $820,000 in net interest income, an increase in provision for loan losses of
$463,000, an increase of $106,000 in non-interest income and an increase in non-interest expenses of $277,000. Net interest margin
of 4.22% in the first nine months of 2016 decreased 18 basis points from the same period in 2015. 

Net Interest Income . Net interest
income increased to $23.1 million for the first nine months of 2016 from $22.3 million for the first nine months of 2015. The Company s
total interest income was affected by the increase in total loan balances. Average total interest-earning assets were $737.1 million
in the first nine months of 2016 compared with $677.2 million during the same period in 2015, while the yield on those assets decreased
20 basis points from 4.92% to 4.72%. 

The Company s average interest-bearing
liabilities increased by $44.2 million to $560.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $516.7 million for the
same period one year earlier and the cost of those funds decreased from 0.69% to 0.65%, or 4 basis points. During the first nine
months of 2016, the Company s net interest margin was 4.22% and net interest spread was 4.07%. In the same period ended one
year earlier, net interest margin was 4.40% and net interest spread was 4.23%. The decrease in loan yields was the primary driver
of lower net interest margin in 2016. 

Provision for Loan Losses.  Provisions
for loan losses are charged to income to bring the allowance for loan losses to a level deemed appropriate by management. In evaluating
the allowance for loan losses, management considers factors that include growth, composition and industry diversification of the
portfolio, historical loan loss experience, current delinquency levels, adverse situations that may affect a borrower s ability
to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, prevailing economic conditions and other relevant factors. In determining
the loss history to be applied to its ASC 450 loan pools within the allowance for loan losses, the Company previously used loss
history based on the weighted average net charge off history for the most recent fourteen consecutive quarters, based on the risk-graded
pool to which the loss was assigned. Historical loss rates are now calculated by using a loss migration analysis associating losses
to the risk-graded pool to which they relate for each of the previous twelve quarters. Then, using a twelve quarter look back period,
loss factors are calculated for each risk-graded pool. The Company recorded a provision of $847,000 for the first nine months of
2016 compared to $384,000 for the first nine months of 2015. Loan growth was the primary contributor to the 2016 provision expense.
Improving credit metrics have been consistently maintained in 2015 and 2016. 

Non-Interest Income.  Non-interest
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.5 million, an increase of $106,000 from the first nine months of 2015.
Service charges on deposit accounts decreased $54,000 to $742,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $796,000 for
the same period in 2015, primarily due to a decrease in overdraft charges. Other non-deposit fees and income increased $357,000
from the first nine months of 2015 to the first nine months of 2016, primarily due to increases in debit card activity and the
branch impairment charge taken in the third quarter of 2015. The Company recognized a gain on sale of investment securities of
$22,000 for the first nine months of 2016 compared to a gain of $219,000 for the first nine months of 2015. 

Non-Interest Expenses . Non-interest
expenses increased by $277,000 to $16.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $16.5 million for the same period
in 2015. Non-interest expenses were also impacted in 2015 by $138,000 in branch acquisition charges. The following are highlights
of the significant categories of non-interest expenses during the first nine months of 2016 versus the same period in 2015: 

Occupancy and equipment expenses increased
by $101,000 due to branch acquisitions.    

Information systems expense increased
$131,000 due to cybersecurity initiatives.    

Deposit insurance decreased $55,000 due
to a reduction in regulatory rates.    

Foreclosed real estate increased $47,000
due to the loss on sale of a large property.    

Other non-interest expenses increased
by $73,000, due to small increases in several categories of other non-interest expenses.    

Provision for Income Taxes . The
Company s effective tax rate was 35.2% and 36.7% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2015 was impacted by non-deductible merger expenses incurred in 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December,
31, 2015, the Company had a net deferred tax asset in the amount of $4.1 million and $3.2 million, respectively. In evaluating
whether the Company will realize the full benefit of the net deferred tax asset, management considered both positive and negative
evidence, including among other things recent earnings trends, projected earnings, and asset quality. As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, management concluded that the net deferred tax asset was fully realizable. The Company will continue to
monitor deferred tax assets closely to evaluate whether the full benefit of the net deferred tax asset will require a valuation
allowance. Significant negative trends in credit quality or losses from operations, among other trends, could impact the realization
of the deferred tax asset in the future. 

Liquidity 

The Company s liquidity is a measure
of its ability to fund loans, withdrawals and maturities of deposits, and other cash outflows in a cost effective manner. The principal
sources of liquidity are deposits, scheduled payments and prepayments of loan principal, maturities of investment securities, access
to liquid deposits, and funds provided by operations. While scheduled loan payments and maturing investments are relatively predictable
sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions, and
competition. Liquid assets (consisting of cash and due from banks, interest-earning deposits with other banks, federal funds sold
and investment securities classified as available for sale) represented 16.5% of total assets at September 30, 2016 and decreased
as compared to 17.6% as of December 31, 2015. This reduction in liquid assets to total assets resulted primarily from letting higher
rate deposits roll off and investing proceeds of maturing securities in higher earning loans. 

The Company has been a net seller of federal
funds since its inception and strives to maintain a position of liquidity sufficient to fund future loan demand and to satisfy
fluctuations in deposit levels. Should the need arise, the Company would have the capability to sell securities classified as available
for sale or to borrow funds as necessary. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had existing credit lines with other financial
institutions to purchase up to $80.0 million in federal funds. Also, as a member of the FHLB of Atlanta, the Company may obtain
advances of up to 10% of total assets, subject to available collateral. A floating lien of $95.9 million of qualifying loans is
pledged to the FHLB to secure borrowings. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $37.9 million in FHLB advances outstanding. Another
source of short-term borrowings is securities sold under agreements to repurchase. At September 30, 2016, in addition to FHLB advances,
total borrowings consisted of securities sold under agreements to repurchase of $10.3 million and junior subordinated debentures
of $12.4 million. 

Total deposits were $677.1 million at September
30, 2016. Time deposits, which are the only deposit accounts that have stated maturity dates, are generally considered to be rate
sensitive. Time deposits represented 43.1% of total deposits at September 30, 2016. Time deposits of $250,000 or more represented
8.5% of the Company s total deposits at September 30, 2016. At quarter-end, the Company had $43.8 million in brokered time
deposits and $497,000 in brokered demand deposits. Management believes most other time deposits are relationship-oriented. While
the Bank will need to pay competitive rates to retain these deposits at their maturities, there are other subjective factors that
will determine their continued retention. Based upon prior experience, the Company anticipates that a substantial portion of outstanding
certificates of deposit will renew upon maturity. 

Management
believes that current sources of funds provide adequate liquidity for the Bank s current cash flow needs. The Company maintains
minimal   cash balances at the parent holding company level. Management
believes that the current cash balances will provide adequate liquidity for the Company s current cash flow needs.    

Capital Resources  

A significant measure of the strength of
a financial institution is its capital base. Federal regulations have classified and defined capital into the following components:
(1) Tier 1 capital, which includes common shareholders  equity and qualifying preferred equity, and (2) Tier 2 capital, which
includes a portion of the allowance for loan losses, certain qualifying long-term debt and preferred stock which does not qualify
as Tier 1 capital. Financial institutions and holding companies were subject to the new BASEL III requirements starting the first
quarter of 2015. A new part of the capital ratios profile is the Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based ratio which does not include limited
life components such as trust preferred securities and SBLF preferred stock in this calculation. Minimum capital levels are regulated
by risk-based capital adequacy guidelines, which require a financial institution to maintain capital as a percentage of its assets,
and certain off-balance sheet items adjusted for predefined credit risk factors (risk-adjusted assets). The Company s equity
to assets ratio was 12.22% at September 30, 2016. 

A new capital conservation buffer was established
and phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625 percent above minimum risk-based capital requirements and will increase each subsequent
year by 0.625 percent until reaching it final level of 2.50 percent on January 1, 2019. Select Bancorp, Inc. and Select Bank  
Trust had capital conservation buffers above minimum risk-based capital requirements of 7.34% and 6.65%, respectively, at September
30, 2016. The buffer exceeds the 0.625 percent requirement and, therefore, results in no limit on distributions. 

As the following table indicates, at September 30, 2016, the
Company and the Bank both exceeded minimum regulatory capital requirements as specified in the tables below. 

During 2004, the Company issued $12.4 million
of junior subordinated debentures to a newly formed subsidiary, New Century Statutory Trust I, which in turn issued $12.0 million
of trust preferred securities. The proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities provided additional capital for the
growth and expansion of the Bank. Under the current applicable regulatory guidelines, all of the proceeds from the issuance of
these trust preferred securities qualify as Tier 1 capital as of September 30, 2016. On January 20, 2016, all outstanding shares
of the Company s Series A preferred stock were redeemed. While the redemption reduced the capital ratios for the Company
and the Bank by approximately 1.2% for each ratio, both the Company and the Bank continue to meet the definition of  well-capitalized . 

Management expects that the Bank will remain
 well-capitalized  for regulatory purposes, although there can be no assurance that additional capital will not be
required in the future. 

Legal Proceedings  

The Company is not currently engaged in,
nor are any of its properties subject to, any material legal proceedings.  From time to time, the Bank is a party to
legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business wherein it attempts to collect loans, enforce its security interest in loans,
or other matters of similar nature. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
 At the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Securities
Exchange Act Rule 13a-14. 

Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective (1) to
provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted by it under
the Securities Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and (2) to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such
reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting.  Management of the Company has evaluated, with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, changes in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a 15(f) and
15d 15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the third quarter of 2016. In connection with such evaluation, the Company has determined
that there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the third quarter of 2016 that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II.      OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 6.      Exhibits  

Exhibit    
  Number   
       
       Description of Exhibit    

31.1   
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   

31.2   
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   

32.1   
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   

32.1   
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   

101   
       
      Interactive data files providing financial information from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language)   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SELECT BANCORP, INC.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ William L. Hedgepeth II   

William L. Hedgepeth II   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Mark A. Jeffries   

Mark A. Jeffries   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer      

Exhibit
Index   

Exhibit 
 Number   
       
       Description of Exhibit    

31.1   
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   

31.2   
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   

32.1   
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   

32.1   
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   

101   
       
      Interactive data files providing financial information from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452218_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1  

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I,
William L. Hedgepeth II, certify that:  

(1)    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 on Form
                                         10-Q of Select Bancorp, Inc. (the  Registrant     

(2)    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

(3)    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

(4)    The
Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)),  and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;   

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and  

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5)    The
                                         Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors
                                         and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent functions):    

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    William L. Hedgepeth II   

William L. Hedgepeth II   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452218_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Mark A. Jeffries, certify that: 

(1)  I have reviewed this quarterly report for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 on Form 10-Q of
Select Bancorp, Inc. (the  Registrant    

(2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

(3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

(4)  The
                                         Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
                                         disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)),
                                          and internal control over financial
                                         reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
                                         and have:    

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this
report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

(5)  The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Mark A. Jeffries   

Mark A. Jeffries   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452218_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies that  (i) 
the Form 10-Q filed by Select Bancorp, Inc. (the  Issuer ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and  (ii)  the information contained in
that report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on the dates
and for the periods presented therein. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ William L. Hedgepeth II   

William L. Hedgepeth II   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452218_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification Pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies that  (i) 
the Form 10-Q filed by Select Bancorp, Inc. (the  Issuer ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and  (ii)  the information contained in
that report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on the dates
and for the periods presented therein. 

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Mark A. Jeffries   

Mark A. Jeffries   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 slct-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 slct-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 slct-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 slct-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 slct-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 slct-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

