<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1396279_0001396279-16-000232_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2741205</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>77353</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>191146</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>768292</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1111343</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>538135</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001396279-16-000232.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108070329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001396279-16-000232
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			hhgregg, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001396279
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RADIO TV & CONSUMER ELECTRONICS STORES [5731]
		IRS NUMBER:				208819207
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33600
		FILM NUMBER:		161979938

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4151 EAST 96TH STREET
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		317-848-8710

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4151 EAST 96TH STREET
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46240

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001396279-16-000232.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 a10q-q2fy17xhgg93016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    

FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from          to           
  Commission file number 001-33600 

hhgregg, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(317) 848-8710 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  N/A 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.           Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                          
    Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).           Yes           No 
  The number of shares of hhgregg, Inc. s common stock outstanding as of   October 31, 2016   was   27,806,403  . 

Table of Contents  

HHGREGG, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Report on Form 10-Q 
  For the Quarter Ended   September 30, 2016    

Page 

Part I. Financial Information 

Item 1. 
    Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited): 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 
    6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    13 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    21 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    21 

Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    22 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    22 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    22 

Signatures  
    23 

Table of Contents  

Part I. 
    Financial Information 

ITEM 1. 
    Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

HHGREGG, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

HHGREGG, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

HHGREGG, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

HHGREGG, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity 
  Six Months Ended     September 30, 2016    
  (Dollars in thousands, Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

HHGREGG, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 
   
           (1) 
    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
     Description of Business 
  hhgregg, Inc. ( hhgregg  or the  Company ) is an appliance, consumer electronics and home products retailer that is committed to providing customers with a truly differentiated purchase experience through superior customer service, knowledgeable sales associates and the highest quality product selections. Founded in 1955, hhgregg is a multi-regional retailer with   221   brick-and-mortar stores in   20   states that also offers market-leading global and local brands at value prices nationwide via hhgregg.com. The Company reports its results as   one   reportable segment. 
  Interim Financial Information 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). In the opinion of the Company s management, these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all necessary adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, for a fair presentation of such data. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such SEC rules and regulations. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of hhgregg and the notes thereto for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on   May 19, 2016  .     
  The consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of those to be expected for a full year. The Company has made a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the assets and liabilities and the reporting of sales and expenses to prepare these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of hhgregg and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Gregg Appliances, Inc. ( Gregg Appliances ). Gregg Appliances has a wholly-owned subsidiary, HHG Distributing LLC ( HHG Distributing ), which has no assets or operations. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-15, "Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments" ("ASU 2016-15") which addresses eight classification issues related to the statement of cash flows: (1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; (2) settlement of zero-coupon bonds; (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; (6)  distributions received from equity method investees; (7)  beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and (8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-15 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, ("ASU 2016-09") which is intended to improve the accounting for share-based payment transactions as part of the FASB s simplification initiative. The ASU changes certain aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (1) accounting for income taxes; (2) classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows; (3) forfeitures; (4) minimum statutory tax withholding requirements; and (5) classification of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares for tax-withholding purposes. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU No. 2016-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)" ("ASU 2016-02"), which requires an entity that is a lessee to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet. This guidance also requires disclosures about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) to clarify the principles used to recognize revenue for all entities. The original standard was to be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016; however, in July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of this standard, with a new effective date for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. While the Company is still in the process of evaluating the impact, if any, the adoption of this guidance will have on its financial position and results of operations, the Company does not currently expect a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting pronouncement, FASB ASU 2015-3, related to the presentation of debt issuance costs (FASB ASC Subtopic 835-30). This standard requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the debt liability rather than as an asset. These costs continue to be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-15 Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements. These pronouncements were effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, and retrospective adoption was required. The Company adopted the pronouncements for its fiscal year beginning April 1, 2016 for costs associated with their line of credit facility. The Company's accounting policy for these costs did not change with the adoption of the new pronouncements. The Company defers such costs and presents them as an asset on the balance sheet and amortizes the costs ratably over the term of the arrangement to interest expense.  

(2) 
    Fair Value Measurements     
       
  The Company uses a three-tier valuation hierarchy for its fair value measurements based upon observable and non-observable inputs: 
    
  Level 1   unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. 
    
  Level 2   inputs other than quoted market prices included in Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. 
    
  Level 3   unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, as there is little, if any, market activity at the measurement date. 
    
  Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis  
  The Company has property and equipment that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis when impairment indicators are present. When evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment, the Company compares the carrying amount of the asset or asset group to the asset s or asset group s estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, an impairment loss is calculated. The impairment loss calculation compares the carrying amount of the asset or asset group to the asset s or asset group s estimated fair value, which is determined based on estimated discounted future cash flows. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset s or asset group s carrying amount exceeds the asset s or asset group s estimated fair value. If an impairment loss is recognized, the adjusted carrying amount of the asset or asset group becomes its new cost basis. For a depreciable long-lived asset, the new cost basis will be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining useful life of that asset or asset group  
  The categorization of the framework used to value the assets is considered Level 3, due to the subjective nature of the unobservable inputs used to determine the fair value. Property and equipment fair values are derived using a discounted cash flow model to estimate the present value of net cash flows that the asset group expected to generate. The key inputs to the discounted cash flow model generally included the Company's forecasts of net cash generated from revenue, expenses and other significant cash outflows, such as certain capital expenditures, as well as a discount rate.  
  For certain remodeled locations that were previously evaluated and impaired due to declining sales and profitability, the Company performed another evaluation as of September 30, 2016.   Twenty-two   stores with an aggregate net book value of   $2.1 million   were reduced to an estimated aggregate fair value of   $0.7 million   based on their projected cash flows, discounted at   15%  . This resulted in a non-cash asset impairment charge of   $1.4 million   for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016. The fair values were determined using a probability based cash flow analysis based on management's estimates of future store-level sales, gross margins, direct expenses and capital expenditures.  
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable trade, accounts receivable other, accounts payable and customer deposits approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. Any outstanding amount on the Company s line of credit approximates fair value as the interest rate is market based. 

(3) 
    Property and Equipment 
     Property and equipment consisted of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   (in thousands): 

(4) 
    Net Loss per Share 
     Net loss per basic and diluted share is calculated based on the weighted-average number of outstanding common shares. When the Company reports net income, the calculation of net income per diluted share excludes shares underlying outstanding stock options and restricted stock units with exercise prices that exceed the average market price of the Company s common stock for the period and certain options and restricted stock units with unrecognized compensation cost, as the effect would be antidilutive. Potential dilutive common shares are composed of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units. For the three and   six months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the diluted loss per common share calculation represents the weighted average common shares outstanding with no additional dilutive shares as the Company incurred a net loss for the periods and such shares would be antidilutive.  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents net loss per basic and diluted share for the three and   six months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

Antidilutive shares not included in the net loss per diluted share calculation for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   2,105,245   and   3,373,274  , respectively.   Antidilutive shares not included in the net loss per diluted share calculation for the six months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   2,438,505   and   3,452,936  , respectively. 

(5) 
    Inventories 
     Net merchandise inventories consisted of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   (in thousands): 

A summary of debt at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

On June 28, 2016, Gregg Appliances entered into Amendments No. 2   3 to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the  Amended Facility ) which amended the maximum amount available under the Amended Facility from   $400 million   to   $300 million  , comprised of a   $20 million   first-in last-out revolving tranche ("the FILO") and a   $280 million   revolver, subject to borrowing base availability, and extended the maturity date from July 29, 2018 to   June 28, 2021  .  
  Pursuant to the Amended Facility, the first   $20 million   of borrowings are applied to the FILO, subject to a borrowing base equal to the sum of (i)   5%   of the eligible credit card A/R and (ii)   10%   of the net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory, in each case subject to customary reserves and eligibility criteria.  Under the FILO, the inventory advance rate is reduced by   0.5%   per quarter to   6.0%   and will remain at   6.0%   unless the fixed charge coverage ratio is less than   1.0  x, then it will reduce by   0.5%   each quarter to   5.0%  .  If the fixed charge coverage ratio is less than   1.0  x at that time, the inventory advance rate is reduced by   0.25%   each quarter.  Interest on the borrowings under the FILO is payable at a fluctuating rate based on the bank's prime rate or LIBOR plus an applicable margin based on the average quarterly excess availability. 
  For borrowings greater than   $20 million  , the borrowing base is equal to the sum of (i)   90%   of the amount of eligible commercial and credit card receivables of Gregg Appliances and (ii)   90%   of the net recovery percentage multiplied by the value of eligible inventory consistent with the most recent appraisal of such eligible inventory. Interest on borrowings (other  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

than Eurodollar rate borrowings) is payable monthly at a fluctuating rate based on the bank s prime rate or LIBOR plus an applicable margin based on the average quarterly excess availability. Interest on Eurodollar rate borrowings is payable on the last day of each  interest period  applicable to such borrowing or on the three month anniversary of the beginning of such  interest period  for interest periods greater than three months.  
  The Company pays an unused line fee at the unused line rate which is determined based on the amount of the daily average of the outstanding borrowings for the immediately preceding calendar quarter period (the  Daily Average ). For a Daily Average greater than or equal to   50%   of the defined borrowing base, the unused line rate is   0.25%  . For a Daily Average less than   50%   of the defined borrowing base, the unused line rate is   0.375%  . The Amended Facility is guaranteed by Gregg Appliances  wholly-owned subsidiary, HHG Distributing, which has no assets or operations. The guarantee is full and unconditional, and Gregg Appliances has no other subsidiaries. 
  Under the Amended Facility, Gregg Appliances is not required to comply with any financial maintenance covenant but Gregg Appliances is required to maintain  excess availability  of the greater of (i)   10%   of the defined borrowing base or (ii)    $15 million  . Prior to Amendments No. 2   3, Gregg Appliances was not required to comply with any financial maintenance covenant unless  excess availability  was less than the greater of (i)   10.0%   of the lesser of (A) the defined borrowing base or (B) the defined maximum credit or (ii)   $20.0 million   during the continuance of which event Gregg Appliances was subject to compliance with a fixed charge coverage ratio of   1.0   to   1.0  . If Gregg Appliances has  excess availability  of less than   15%  ,   12.5%   prior to Amendments No. 2   3, of the lesser of (A) the defined borrowing base or (B) the defined maximum credit, it may have, in certain circumstances more specifically described in the Amended Facility, become subject to cash dominion control. 
  The Amended Facility places limitations on the ability of Gregg Appliances to, among other things, incur debt, create other liens on its assets, make investments, sell assets, pay dividends, undertake transactions with affiliates, enter into merger transactions, enter into unrelated businesses, open collateral locations outside of the United States, or enter into consignment agreements or floor plan financing arrangements. The Amended Facility also contains various customary representations and warranties, financial and collateral reporting requirements and other affirmative and negative covenants. Gregg Appliances was in compliance with the restrictions and covenants of the Amended Facility at   September 30, 2016  . 
    As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , Gregg Appliances had   no   borrowings outstanding under the Amended Facility. The total borrowing availability under the Amended Facility was   $142.0 million   and   $139.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. The Company typically borrows based on LIBOR. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on the FILO based on LIBOR was   5.5%  . The interest rate on the revolver based on LIBOR was   2.2%   and   2.1%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. 

(7) 
    Stock-based Compensation 
     Stock Options 
  Effective June 20, 2014, the Company adopted an Amendment to the hhgregg, Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan which increased the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan to   9,000,000  . The following table summarizes the activity under the Company s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan for the   six months ended September 30, 2016  : 

Time Vested Restricted Stock Units          
  During the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company granted   1,003,832   time vested restricted stock units ( RSUs ) under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan to certain employees and directors of the Company. The RSUs vest in equal amounts over a   three  -year period beginning on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Upon vesting, the outstanding number  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

of RSUs will be converted into shares of common stock. RSUs are forfeited if they have not vested before the participant's service to the Company terminates for any reason other than death or total permanent disability or certain other circumstances as described in such participant s RSU agreement. Upon death or disability, the participant is entitled to receive a portion of the award based upon the period of time lapsed between the date of grant of the RSU and the termination of service as an employee or director. The fair value of RSU awards is based on the Company s stock price at the close of the market on the date of grant. The weighted average grant date fair value for the RSUs issued during the   six months ended September 30, 2016   was   $1.66  . 
  The following table summarizes RSU vesting activity for the   six months ended September 30, 2016  : 

(8) 
    Contingencies 
       
  The Company is engaged in various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business and has certain unresolved claims pending. The ultimate liability, if any, for the aggregate amounts claimed cannot be determined at this time. However, management believes, based on the examination of these matters and experiences to date, that the ultimate liability, if any, in excess of amounts already provided for in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements is not likely to have a material effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.        

(9) 
    Related Party Transaction 
       In August 2016, Gregg Appliances entered into a sponsorship agreement through December 31, 2018, with Andretti Autosport 2, Inc. ("Andretti Autosport"), a subsidiary of Andretti Autosport Holding Company, Inc. Pursuant to the agreement, Andretti Autosport will receive   $2.75 million   annually for the 2017 and 2018 racing seasons from Gregg Appliances to sponsor an Andretti Autosport racing team. Michael Andretti, a director on hhgregg's Board of Directors, serves as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Andretti Autosport Holding Company, Inc.  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is designed to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD A is presented in five sections: 
             
    Overview 
                
    Critical Accounting Polices 
                
    Results of Operations 
                
    Liquidity and Capital Resources 
                
    Contractual Obligations 
     Our MD A should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes contained herein and the Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  , included in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on   May 19, 2016  . 
   
  Overview 
  hhgregg is an appliance, electronics and furniture retailer that is committed to providing customers with a truly differentiated purchase experience through superior customer service, knowledgeable sales associates and the highest quality product selections.  Founded in 1955, hhgregg is a multi-regional retailer with   221   brick-and-mortar stores in 20 states that also offers market-leading global and local brands at value prices nationwide via hhgregg.com. References to fiscal years in this report relate to the respective 12 month period ended March 31. Our   2017   fiscal year is the 12 month period ending on   March 31, 2017  . 
  Comparable store sales is comprised of net sales at stores in operation for at least 14 full months, including remodeled and relocated stores, as well as net sales for our website. Stores that are closed are excluded from the calculation the month of closing.  The method of calculating comparable store sales varies across the retail industry, and our method of calculating comparable store sales may not be the same as other retailers  methods. 
  This overview section is divided into three sub-sections discussing our operating strategy and performance, business strategy and core philosophies and seasonality. 
  Operating Strategy and Performance.   We focus the majority of our floor space, advertising expense and distribution infrastructure on the marketing, delivery and installation of a wide selection of premium appliance, consumer electronics and home furniture products. We also offer additional products not available in our store locations online at www.hhgregg.com. Appliance and consumer electronics sales comprised   94%   of our net sales mix for the   six months ended September 30,     2016  , and   September 30, 2015  .  
  We strive to differentiate ourselves through our customer purchase experience, starting with a highly-trained, consultative commissioned sales force which educates our customers on the features and benefits of our products, followed by rapid product delivery and installation, and ending with post-sales support services.  We carefully monitor our competition to ensure that our prices are competitive in the marketplace.  Our experience has been that informed customers often choose to buy a more heavily-featured product once they understand the applicability and benefits of its features.  Heavily-featured products typically carry higher average selling prices and higher margins than less-featured, entry-level price point products. 
  In response to the declines in our overall comparable store sales, for fiscal 2017 we are focusing on revenue growth and  productivity.  
  Our first focus for fiscal 2017 is revenue growth. Similar to previous years, the appliance category continues to be the centerpiece of our business, and as such, we continue to drive specific initiatives around the category. We continue to enhance our product selection by adding additional Fine Lines departments. Fine Lines departments incorporate ultra premium appliances brands that are only available in our Fine Line departments and historically have improved our appliance sales in the adjacent hhgregg stores. As of September 30, 2016, we opened six Fine Lines and and we plan on opening an additional four Fine Lines during the fiscal 2017 third quarter.  In addition to the Fine Lines departments,  in order to drive appliance revenues, we continue to offer promotions aimed towards appliances, including free delivery. For the six months ended September 30, 2016, appliances accounted for 63% of our total revenues and appliance same store sales increased 4.7%.    
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

To further grow revenues in all departments, we expanded our product selection through www.hhgregg.com. We are optimizing www.hhgregg.com to increase the online purchase of products by consumers as well as expand the endless aisle concept, offering products not available in stores through www.hhgregg.com and the in-store Store2Door kiosk. The Store2Door kiosk allows customers who visit our store to purchase products not available in the store and have them delivered to their home. During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we increased online sales by 35.5% compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015.  
  We continue to reset the layout of our stores to better showcase our selection of appliances, consumer electronics and home products. These changes are designed to make our stores more visually appealing to our customers, as well as to display merchandise by functionality. Furniture and appliances are prominently displayed in the front of our stores. We have completed 65 of the planned 100 existing store resets as of September 30, 2016, and we plan to complete the majority of the remaining 35 by the fiscal 2017 holiday selling season. We plan on completing the resets of the remainder of the the entire chain of stores by the end of fiscal 2017, which is earlier than we previously expected.  
  In all of our categories, we continue to offer delivery and installation capabilities and are investing in the infrastructure and revenue generating capabilities of these areas by improving upon the Store2Door service. Store2Door allows the customer to purchase online and have the product delivered and/or installed in their home or to allow the customer to pick the product up in the store seamlessly. To accomplish this, we will refine our processes and offerings. We also added a Store2Door kiosk which allows customers who visit our store to purchase appliance and home products not available in the store and have them delivered to their home.  
  Our goal is to establish long-term relationships with our customers through our stores and our website. We want to gain our customer's trust during the sales process. To reach this goal, we will continue to train and develop our consultative sales staff to enable them to educate our customers on the benefits of our feature-rich products. We also offer the ultimate price center which shows the customer the competitor's price of most of our products in the store so that the customer can be assured that they are paying the lowest price possible. In addition, we offer a comprehensive suite of services including delivery and installation, third-party premium service plans and third-party in-home service and repair, and repair and maintenance of our products. By putting the customer first, we believe we gain our customer's trust and ensure that the customer has a positive sales experience, which we believe will lead to repeat business.  
  Our second focus for fiscal 2017 is productivity. We continue to focus on reducing our overall selling, general and administrative expenses including store level, corporate and logistics expenses. During the six months ended September 30, 2016 we began restructuring our logistics network and are combining our Indianapolis and Chicago distribution centers into a new facility in the Cincinnati area and right-sizing the warehouses in the Indianapolis and Chicago market for local deliveries. The restructuring will be complete before the fiscal 2017 holiday selling season and we expect to see the benefits of increased logistics productivity beginning in our third fiscal quarter of fiscal 2017. The majority of the costs for this project were incurred during the six months ended September 30, 2016.  To date, we incurred $2.9 million of costs related to this logistics restructure. We also continue to evaluate inventory productivity to determine ways to reduce inventory in all categories. As a result of our evaluation, as of September 30, 2016, our inventory levels were down 16.3%, or $47.2 million, compared to September 30, 2015. Finally, using the knowledge we obtained during fiscal 2016, we continue to optimize our fiscal 2017 marketing spend to the most effective mediums to drive in-store and online traffic.  
  Business Strategy and Core Philosophies.   Our business strategy is centered around offering our customers a superior customer purchase experience. From the time the customers walk in the door, they experience a well-designed, customer-friendly store. Our stores are brightly lit and have clearly distinguished departments that allow our customers to find what they are looking for. We greet and assist our customers with our highly-trained consultative sales force, who educates the customers about the different product features.  
  We believe our products are rich in features and innovation. We also believe that customers find it helpful to have someone explain the features and benefits of a product as this assistance allows them the opportunity to buy the product that most closely matches their needs. We focus our product assortment on big box items requiring in-home delivery and installation in order to utilize service offerings. We follow up on the customer purchase experience by offering delivery capabilities on many of our products and in-home installation service.  
  While we believe many of our product offerings are considered essential items by our customers, other products and certain features are viewed as discretionary purchases. As a result, our results of operations are susceptible to a challenging macro-economic environment. As consumers show a more cautious approach to purchases of discretionary items, customer traffic and spending patterns continue to be difficult to predict. By providing a knowledgeable consultative sales force, delivery and installation capabilities, credit offerings and expanded product offerings, we believe we offer our customers a differentiated value proposition. There are many variables that affect consumer demand for the home product purchases that we offer, including:  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

In 2015, home price appreciation increased 5.7% which was consistent with the 2014 increase, according to the Federal Housing Finance Agency index. Economists generally expect the rate of home price growth to moderate to 5% in 2016. 
                
    Housing turnover increased an estimated 7.4% in 2015 after a 2.6% decrease in 2014, according to The National Association of Realtors and U.S. Census Bureau.  
     *  Blue Chip Economic Indicators    (ISSN: 0193-4600) is published monthly by Aspen Publishers, 76 Ninth Avenue, New York, NY 10011, a division of Wolters Kluwer Law and Business. Printed in the U.S.A.  
  Retail appliance sales are correlated to the housing industry and housing turnover. As more people purchase existing homes in the market, appliance sales tend to trend upward. Conversely, when demand in the housing market declines, appliance sales are negatively impacted. The U.S. Census Bureau s data on New Residential Construction shows that U.S. Housing Start-Up s experienced a 5.3% increase for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2016 over the prior year comparable period. The appliance industry has benefited from increased innovation in energy efficient products. While these energy efficient products typically carry a higher average selling price than traditional products, they save the consumer significant dollars in annual energy savings. Average unit selling prices of major appliances are not expected to change dramatically in the foreseeable future. For the   six months ended September 30, 2016   we experienced a low single digit decrease in average unit selling prices in appliances compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015. For the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , we generated   63%   of total product sales from the sale of home appliances. The Association of Home Appliance Manufactures estimates 2-3% of growth for calendar 2016 compared to calendar 2015. With the addition of the Fine Lines departments, promotions aimed towards appliances and refined product assortments by geography, we were successful in driving additional traffic, converting into additional revenues for the appliance category for the   six months ended September 30, 2016  .  We had a comparable store sales increase of   4.7%   in appliances for the   six months ended September 30, 2016 
  The consumer electronics industry depends on new product innovations to drive sales and profitability. Innovative, heavily-featured products are typically introduced at relatively high price points. Over time, price points are gradually reduced to drive consumption. Accordingly, there has been consistent price compression in flat panel televisions for equivalent screen sizes in recent years without a widely accepted innovation in technology to offset this compression. As new technology has not been sufficient to keep demand constant, the industry has seen falling demand, gross margin rate declines, and average selling price declines. Over the last couple of years, we have proactively shifted our focus towards larger screen sizes with higher profit margins, which has also resulted in lost market share in the consumer electronics category, as we offered fewer smaller screen size televisions. In addition, we have seen the evolution of traditional consumer electronics devices change to connected devices in the last few years. We will continue to assort and promote value products across all segments of the category to drive the video business both in-store and online. As vendor models transition for the year, we will add additional online SKUs in both value and premium brands. For the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , we generated   30%   of total product sales from the sale of consumer electronics. For calendar 2016, U.S. Consumer Technology Association projects that unit sales of digital displays will be down 1% compared to calendar 2015 and total computing will be down 7% for calendar 2016 compared to calendar 2015. For the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , we had a comparable store sales decrease of   21.6%   for consumer electronics due to the fact that, relative to our competitors, we were highly indexed in large premium televisions. We will continue to focus on shifting our consumer electronic sales to a more profitable sales mix, which may result in our unit sales to be lower than the industry.  
  In previous years, we have introduced new products to help offset falling market demand and market share losses of our product categories. We will continue to monitor the performance of these categories, along with market share shifts between the competitive set in our existing categories. We continue to refine our assortment in the furniture category and focus on the great room, a large room in a modern house that combines features of a living room with those of a dining room or family room. Even though we experienced a slight decrease in same store sales for the six months ended September 30, 2016, we are optimistic about the growth experienced by the industry. Our home products comparable store sales for   six months ended September 30, 2016   decreased   0.3%   from the prior year. For the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , we generated   6%   of total product sales from the sale of furniture and mattresses.  
  Seasonality.   Our business is seasonal, with a higher portion of net sales, operating costs, and operating profit realized during the quarter that ends December 31st due to the overall demand for consumer electronics during the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday shopping season. Appliance sales are impacted by seasonal weather patterns, but are less seasonal than our electronics business and help to offset the seasonality of our overall business. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies 
  We describe our critical accounting policies and estimates in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016   in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on   May 19, 2016  . There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates since the end of fiscal   2016  . 

Results of Operations 
  Operating Performance.   The following table presents selected unaudited condensed consolidated financial data (in thousands, except share amounts, per share amounts, and store count data): 

(1)   
    Comprised of net sales at stores in operation for at least 14 full months, including remodeled and relocated stores, as well as net sales for our e-commerce site. 
     Net loss increased 82% to   $18.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , or   $0.66   per diluted share, compared with net loss of   $10.1 million  , or   $0.37   per diluted share, for the comparable prior year period. Net loss increased 36% to    $25.6 million   for the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , or   $0.92   per diluted share, compared with net loss of   $18.9 million  , or   $0.68   per diluted share, for the comparable prior period. The increase in net loss for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period was primarily due to decreased net sales of   6.6%  , partially offset by increased gross margin as a percentage of net sales and a decrease in advertising expense.  The increased net loss for the   six months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily due to a decrease in net sales of   5.4%  , partially offset by increased gross margin as a percentage of net sales and decreased net advertising expense. 
  Net sales for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     decreased     6.6%   to   $454.5 million   from   $486.9 million   in the comparable prior year period. The decrease in net sales for the three month period was primarily the result of a comparable store sales decrease of   6.4%  . Net sales for the   six months ended September 30, 2016     decreased     5.4%   to   $878.1 million   from   $927.9 million   in the comparable prior year period.  The decrease in net sales for the six month period was primarily the result of a comparable store sales decrease of   5.2%  .   
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Net sales mix and comparable store sales percentage changes by product category for the three and   six months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

(1)   
    Primarily consists of televisions, audio, personal electronics, computers and tablets, and accessories. 
               (2)   
    Primarily consists of furniture and mattresses. 
     The   decrease   in comparable store sales for the three and   six months ended September 30, 2016   was driven by a decrease in net sales of consumer electronics and home products, slightly offset by increases in appliances net sales. The comparable store sales increase of   5.7%   and   4.7%   for the three and   six months ended September 30, 2016   in the appliance category is due to increases in unit demand partially offset by a decrease in average selling prices. The consumer electronics category comparable store sales decline of   25.1%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily due to a decline in units sold. For the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , the comparable store sales decline of   21.6%   in consumer electronics was due to decreases in demand and average selling prices.  The decrease of   0.7%   and   0.3%   for the three and   six months ended September 30, 2016   in comparable store sales for the home products category was largely a result of decreases in demand offset by increases in average selling prices.  
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Three Months Ended September 30,     2015 
  Gross profit margin, expressed as gross profit as a percentage of net sales,   increased   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   to   28.7%   from   28.5%   for the comparable prior year period.  The increase was due to a favorable sales mix shift to product categories with higher gross profit margin rates, in addition to higher gross margin rates in consumer electronics offset by decreased gross margin rates in appliances and home products.  
  SG A expense, as a percentage of net sales,   increased   257 basis points, or $4.1 million, for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable prior year period. The   increase   in SG A as a percentage of net sales was primarily the result of (i) 103 basis point, or $3.6 million, increase in delivery services due to increased number of deliveries in all categories due to free delivery promotions, (ii) 59 basis point, or $0.6 million, increase in occupancy costs due to increased utility costs and the deleveraging effect of the net sales decline, (iii) 50 basis point, or $2.3 million, increase for the costs associated with our logistics optimization and (iv) 42 basis point, or $0.8 million, increase in wages due to the deleveraging effect of the net sales decline.   
  Net advertising expense decreased 60 basis points, or $4.5 million, during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period due to continued efficiency and effectiveness in our advertising spend.  
  Depreciation expense, as a percentage of net sales, decreased 17 basis points, or $1.3 million, during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period. The reduction of expense was primarily the result of a lower depreciable asset base in the current year due to asset impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2016 compared to the comparable prior year period.  
  The Company continues to invest in its store layouts for our chain to better showcase its selections of appliances, consumer electronics and home products.  For those stores remodeled, the Company typically sees positive same store sales improvement. For certain locations that were previously evaluated and fully impaired due to declining sales and profitability, the Company performed another evaluation of these locations as of September 30, 2016. Twenty-two stores with a aggregate net book value of $2.1 million were reduced to an estimated aggregate fair value of  $0.7 million based on their projected cash flows, discounted at 15%. This resulted in a non-cash asset impairment charge of $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The fair values were determined using a probability based cash flow analysis based on management's estimates of future store-level sales, gross margins, and direct expenses. 
  Six Months Ended September 30, 2016   Compared to   Six Months Ended September 30, 2015 
  Gross profit margin, expressed as gross profit as a percentage of net sales,   increase  d for the   six months ended September 30, 2016   to   29.8%   from   29.4%   for the comparable prior year period.  The increase was due to a favorable sales mix shift to  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

product categories with higher gross profit margin rates, in addition to higher gross margin rates in appliances and home products, partially offset by lower gross profit margin rates in consumer electronics.  
  SG A expense, as a percentage of net sales,   increased   149 basis points, or $1.0 million, for the   six months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the comparable prior year period. The   increase   in SG A as a percentage of net sales was the result of (i) 69 basis point increase, or $4.4 million, in delivery services due to increased number of deliveries in all categories due to free delivery promotions, (ii) 48 basis points, $0.8 million, increase in occupancy costs due primarily to increased utility expenses and the deleveraging effect of the net sales decline,  (iii) 33 basis point, or $2.9 million, increase for costs associated with our logistics optimization and (iv) 21 basis point, or $2.5 million, increase in wages due to the deleveraging effect of the net sales decline. These increases were partially offset by a 48 basis point, or $4.4 million, decrease primarily due to one time consulting expenses incurred in the prior year to assist in our cost saving initiatives for fiscal 2016.  
  Net advertising expense decreased $4.7 million, or 23 basis points, during the   six months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period due to continued efficiency and effectiveness in our advertising spend.  
  Depreciation expense, as a percentage of net sales, decreased 21 basis points, or $2.7 million, during the   six months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the prior year period. The reduction of expense was primarily the result of a lower depreciable asset base in the current year due to asset impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2016 compared to the comparable prior year period.  
  The Company continues to invest in its store layouts for our chain to better showcase its selections of appliances, consumer electronics and home products.  For those stores remodeled, the Company typically sees positive same store sales improvement. For certain locations that were previously evaluated and fully impaired due to declining sales and profitability, the Company performed another evaluation of these locations  as of September 30, 2016. Twenty-two stores with a aggregate net book value of $2.1 million were reduced to an estimated aggregate fair value of  $0.7 million based on their projected cash flows, discounted at 15%. This resulted in a non-cash asset impairment charge of $1.4 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016. The fair values were determined using a probability based cash flow analysis based on management's estimates of future store-level sales, gross margins, and direct expenses. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  The following table presents a summary on a consolidated basis of our net cash (used in) provided by operating, investing and financing activities (dollars are in thousands):    

Our liquidity requirements arise primarily from our need to fund working capital requirements and capital expenditures. We make capital expenditures principally to fund our existing stores along with our e-commerce business and the related supply chain infrastructure, which includes, among other things, investments in new distribution facilities, remodeling and relocation of existing stores, enhancements to our e-commerce site, as well as information technology and other infrastructure-related projects. 
  During the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , we continued to invest in our infrastructure, including management information systems, e-commerce and distribution capabilities, as well as incur capital remodeling and improvement costs. Capital expenditures for fiscal   2017   will be funded through cash, borrowings under our Amended Facility described below and tenant allowances from landlords. 
  Cash Provided by Operating Activities.     Net cash provided by operating activities   primarily consists of net loss as adjusted for increases or decreases in working capital and non-cash charges such as depreciation, loss on early extinguishment of debt and stock compensation expense. Cash provided by operating activities was $  20.9   million and $  9.6   million for the   six months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The increase in cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to a lower level of inventory in the current year. This increase was partially offset by an increased net loss for the six months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease in accounts payable and increased receivables. 
  Cash Used In Investing Activities.     Net cash used in investing activities   was $  11.5   million and $  8.1   million for the   six months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The increase in cash used in investing activities is primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures. In the   six months ended September 30, 2016  , we invested in six new Fine Lines  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

departments, redesigned and remodeled existing stores and invested in infrastructure and e-commerce. In the   six months ended September 30, 2015  , we relocated one new store and invested in infrastructure and e-commerce.  
  Cash (Used In) Provided by Financing Activities.     Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   was $  (11.9)   million and $  3.0   million for the   six months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The increase in cash used in financing activities is due to the net repayments on the inventory financing facility compared to net borrowings in the prior year and the payment of financing costs related to the Amended Facility.  
  Amended Facility.   On June 28, 2016, Gregg Appliances entered into Amendments No. 2   3 to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the  Amended Facility ) which amended the maximum amount available under the Amended Facility from $400 million to   $300 million  , comprised of a   $20 million   first-in last-out revolving tranche ("the FILO") and a   $280 million   revolver, subject to borrowing base availability, and extended the maturity date from July 29, 2018 to   June 28, 2021  . Refer to Note 6, Debt, of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information about the Amended Facility.  
  The Amended Facility places limitations on the ability of Gregg Appliances to, among other things, incur debt, create other liens on its assets, make investments, sell assets, pay dividends, undertake transactions with affiliates, enter into merger transactions, enter into unrelated businesses, open collateral locations outside of the United States, or enter into consignment assignments or floor plan financing arrangements. The Amended Facility also contains various customary representations and warranties, financial and collateral reporting requirements and other affirmative and negative covenants.  Gregg Appliances was in compliance with the restrictions and covenants of the Amended Facility at   September 30, 2016  .  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , Gregg Appliances had   no   borrowings outstanding under the Amended Facility. The total borrowing availability under the Amended Facility was   $142.0 million   and   $139.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. The Company typically borrows based on LIBOR. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on the FILO based on LIBOR was   5.5%  . The interest rate on the revolver based on LIBOR was   2.2%   and   2.1%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , respectively. 
  Long Term Liquidity  . Anticipated cash flows from operations and funds available from our Amended Facility, together with cash on hand, is expected to provide sufficient funds to finance our operations for the next 12 months. As a normal part of our business, we consider opportunities to refinance our existing indebtedness, based on market conditions. Although we may refinance all or part of our existing indebtedness in the future, there can be no assurances that we will do so. Changes in our operating plans, lower than anticipated sales, increased expenses, reduced vendor terms, acquisitions or other events may require us to seek additional debt or equity financing. There can be no guarantee that financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Additional debt financing, if available, could impose additional cash payment obligations, additional covenants and operating restrictions.  
   
  Contractual Obligations 
  The following table summarizes the advertising commitments we entered into during the three months ended September 30, 2016 (dollars are in thousands): 

See our  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016   in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on   May 19, 2016   for additional information regarding our contractual obligations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  Some of the statements in this document constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our business  or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Such statements include, our estimates of cash flows for purposes of impairment charges, our ability to manage costs, our ability to execute on our 2017 initiatives, innovation in the video industry, the impact and amount  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

of non-cash charges, and shifts in our sales mix. hhgregg has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While hhgregg believes these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control. These and other important factors may cause hhgregg's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from hhgregg's expectations are: the ability to successfully execute the Company's strategies and initiatives, particularly in returning the Company to profitable growth; the Company's ability to increase customer traffic and conversion; competition in the retail industry; the Company's ability to maintain a positive brand perception and recognition; the Company's ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the Company's ability to maintain the security of customer, associate and Company information; rules, regulations, contractual obligations, compliance requirements and fees associated with accepting a variety of payment methods; the Company's ability to effectively achieve cost cutting initiatives; the Company's ability to generate strong cash flows to support its operating activities; the Company's relationships and operations of its key suppliers; the Company's ability to generate sufficient cash flows to recover the fair value of long-lived assets; the Company's ability to maintain and upgrade its information technology systems; the fluctuation of the Company's comparable store sales; the effect of general and regional economic and employment conditions on the Company's net sales; the Company's ability to meet financial performance guidance; disruption in the Company's supply chain; changes in trade regulation, currency fluctuations and prevailing interest rates; and the potential for litigation. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   could,   would,   should,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   intend,   tends,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   potential  or  continue  or the negative of those terms or other comparable terminology. Actual events or results may differ materially because of market conditions in our industry or other factors. All of the forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  herein,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on   May 19, 2016  . The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this document and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. 
  
   20 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

In addition to the risks inherent in our operations, we are exposed to certain market risks, including interest rate risk. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our debt was comprised of our Amended Facility.  
  Interest on borrowings under our Amended Facility is payable monthly at a fluctuating rate based on the bank s prime, LIBOR, or Eurodollar rates plus an applicable margin based on the average quarterly excess availability. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   outstanding borrowings on our Amended Facility.  

ITEM 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and SVP, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We have established a Disclosure Committee, consisting of certain members of management, to assist in this evaluation. Our Disclosure Committee meets on a quarterly basis and more often if necessary. 
  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and SVP, Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and SVP, Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  During the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   21 

Table of Contents  

Part II. 
    Other Information 

ITEM 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

For a description of our legal proceedings, see Note 8, Contingencies, of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

ITEM 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in the section entitled  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on   May 19, 2016  . The risks disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
   
                 ITEM 6. 
    Exhibits 

101 
    The following materials from hhgregg, Inc. s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  , formatted in an XBRL Interactive Data File: (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations-unaudited; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets-unaudited; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows-unaudited; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity-unaudited; and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements-unaudited. 
       
           * 
    This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 
     
   22 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

HHGREGG, INC. 

By: 
    /s/ Kevin J. Kovacs 

Kevin J. Kovacs 
  SVP, Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

Dated:   November 8, 2016    
  
   23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 hgg-2016930_ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Robert J. Riesbeck, certify that: 
                 1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of hhgregg, Inc.; 

2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
    /s/ Robert J. Riesbeck 

Robert J. Riesbeck President and Chief Executive Officer(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated:   November 8, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 hgg-2016930_ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Kevin J. Kovacs, certify that: 
                 1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of hhgregg, Inc.; 

2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
      
    /s/ Kevin J. Kovacs 

Kevin J. Kovacs 
  SVP, Chief Financial Officer                     (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

Dated:   November 8, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 hgg-2016930_ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the hhgregg, Inc. (the  Company ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert J. Riesbeck, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
      
    /s/ Robert J. Riesbeck 

Robert J. Riesbeck President and Chief Executive Officer(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated:   November 8, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 hgg-2016930xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the hhgregg, Inc. (the  Company ) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Kevin J. Kovacs, SVP, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
      
    /s/ Kevin J. Kovacs 

Kevin J. Kovacs SVP, Chief Financial Officer                                   (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

Dated:   November 8, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 hgg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hgg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hgg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hgg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hgg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hgg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

