<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_772406_0000772406-16-000028_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4775968</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88912</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>177595</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1664250</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1627535</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>878891</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000772406-16-000028.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027163223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000772406-16-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160924
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CIRRUS LOGIC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000772406
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				770024818
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17795
		FILM NUMBER:		161955910

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 WEST 6TH STREET
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-851-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 WEST 6TH STREET
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000772406-16-000028.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 crus-20160924x10q.htm
 10-Q

crus-20160924 Q2

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended   September    2  4  ,    201  6 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition Period from ____ to ____ 

Commission File Number 0-17795 

CIRRUS LOGIC, INC.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:     (512) 851-4000 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES            NO        

Ind  icate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T   ( 232.405 of this chapter)   during the preceding     12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to   submit and post such files).  YES                 N  O         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer      

Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer      

Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    YES            NO     

The number of shares of the registrant's common stock, $0.  00  1 par value, outstanding as of   October     21  ,    201  6    w  as   6  3  ,  711  ,  256  . 

CIRRUS LOGIC, INC. 

FORM 10-Q QUARTERLY REPORT 

QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER    2  4  , 2  01  6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements  

Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets - September 24, 2016 (unaudited) and March 26, 2016  

3  

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income (unaudited) - Three and Six Months Ended September 24, 2016 and September 26, 2015  

4  

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) - Three and Six Months Ended September 24, 2016 and September 26, 2015  

5  

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) - Six Months Ended September 24, 2016 and September 26, 2015  

6  

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)  

7  

Item 2.  

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

17  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

23  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures  

24  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings  

24  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors  

24  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

26  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

26  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures  

26  

Item 5.  

Other Information  

26  

Item 6.  

Exhibits  

26  

Signatures  

27  

2   

Part I.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM   1  .    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

The ac  company  ing notes are an integral part of these consolidated condensed financial statements. 

3   

The ac  company  ing notes are an integral part of these consolidated condensed financial statements. 

4   

The ac  company  ing notes are an integral part of these consolidated condensed financial statements. 

5   

The ac  company  ing notes are an integral part of these consolidated condensed financial statements  . 

6   

CIRRUS LOGIC, INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(unaudited) 

1.       Basis of Presentation 

The consolidated condensed financial statements have been prepared by Cirrus Logic, Inc. ( Cirrus Logic,   we,   us,   our,  or the  Company ) pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (  the    Commission ).  The accompanying unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements do not include complete footnotes and financial presentations.  As a result, these financial statements should be read along with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended March   26  , 201  6  , included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on   May 2  5  , 201  6  .  In our opinion, the financial statements reflect all   material   adjustments, including normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for those periods presented.  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States ( U.S. ) generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions.  Moreover, the results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.    Additionally, prior period amounts have been adjusted to conform to current year presentation.       

2.     Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the   Financial Accounting Standards Board (     FASB     )   issued   Accounting Standards Update (   ASU   )   No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC Topic 606)  .  The purpose of this ASU is to converge revenue recognition requirements per   U.S.   GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (     IFRS     ).  The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.    I  n A  ugust   2015  ,   the FASB issued   ASU 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date     after   public comment   respondents   support  ed     a proposal to delay the effective date of this ASU to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017  , including interim reporting periods within that reporting period  .  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its   financial statements   and expects no material modifications  .   

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  .  The amendments in this ASU provide guidance in   U.S.   GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.  The amendments are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.  Early application is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating this ASU and expects no material modifications to its financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  .  The amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability   are   presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability   and that the amortization of debt issuance costs is reported as interest expense.    ASU 2015-03 is to be applied retrospectively and represents a change in accounting principle.    In August 2015, the FASB issued FASB ASU No. 2015-15,   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  .  ASU 2015-15 clarified the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements.  Debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit arrangement may be presented in the balance sheet as an asset and subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the arrangement regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings.  Both   ASU   2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are   effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim  

7   

periods within   those fiscal years.  Earlier adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued.  The Company adopt  ed     these   ASU  s     in the   current   fiscal   year   with no material impact  .       

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04,   Compensation   Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical   Expedient for the Measure  ment Date of an Employer s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets.    The ASU   is part of the   FASB s    Simplification Initiative      to reduce complexity   in accounting standards.    The   FASB   decided to   permit   entities to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of the month-end that is closest to their fiscal year-end.  An entity is required to disclose the accounting policy election and the date used to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations in accordance with the amendments in this   u  pdate.    The   amendments in this   u  pdate are effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with earlier application permitted.    The Company   adopted   this ASU   in the   prior   fiscal quarter, with no modifications to its financial statements.  The Company s   plan assets and obligations are measured as of   the   fiscal year-end  .   

In July 2015,   the FASB issued   ASU No. 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  .  This ASU requires companies to subsequently measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value versus the previous lower of cost or market.  The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, to be applied prospectively.  Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this ASU and expects no material modifications to its financial statements as a result. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842).   The FASB issued this   u  pdate to increase transparency and comparability by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key leasing arrangement details  .        Lessees would recognize operating leases on the balance sheet under this ASU   with the   future   lease payment  s   recognized as a liability, measured at present value, and the right-of-use asset recognized for the lease term. A single lease cost would be recognized over the lease term.      For terms less than twelve months, a lessee would be permitted to make an accounting policy election to recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term.      This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.      Early adoption is permitted.      The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .  This ASU requires all excess tax benefits and deficiencies to be recognized as income tax benefit   / expense   in the income statement and presented as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows  .  F  orfeitures can be calculated based on either the estimated number of awards that are expected to vest  , as required by   current guidance  ,   or when forfeitures actually occur  .    This ASU is effective   for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted, but all of the described amendments must be adopted in the same period and any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year if adopted in an interim period.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact   of this ASU  , including possible early adoption.  The Company will be required to adopt   in the   first   quarter of fiscal year   201  8  .    

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-1  3  ,    Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  .  This ASU requires   credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities to be presented as an allowance rather than a write-down. Unlike current   U.S.   GAAP,   the   credit losses could be reversed with changes in estimates, and recognized in current year earnings.     This ASU is effec  tive for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those annual periods.    Early adoption is permitted as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including   interim period  s  .  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU   with no expected material impact  .    

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  .  This ASU covers several cash flow issues, including the presentation of contingent consideration payments made after a business combination.    Cash payments up to the amount of the liability recognized at the acquisition date (including measurement-period  

8   

adjustments) should be classified as financing activities.  This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after   December 15, 201  7  , and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted, including   in an   interim period  , with a required retrospective transition method applied to each period presented.    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU.    

3  .         Marketable Securities  

The Company s investments that have original maturities greater than 90 days have been classified as available-for-sale securities in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  Marketable securities are categorized on the consolidated condensed balance sheet as short- and long-term marketable securities, as appropriate. 

The following table is a summary of available-for-sale securities at   September   2  4  , 201  6   (in thousands): 

The Company s specifically identified gross unrealized losses of $  105   thousand relate to   21   different securities with total amortized cost of approximately $  116.1   million at   September    2  4  ,    201  6  .          Four   securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months as of   September     24  , 2016.  The gross unrealized loss on the  se securities was less than   one percent of the position value.    Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments at a loss and   it is   not   more likely than not that   the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of its amortized cost basis, it did not consider the investment in these securities to be other-than  -temporarily impaired at     September     24  , 2016  .     

The following table is a summary of availabl  e  -for-sale securities at March 2  6  , 201  6   (in thousands): 

The Company s specifically identified gross unrealized losses of $  100   thousand relate to   21   different securities with total amortized cost of approximately $  64.7   million at   March 2  6  , 201  6  .    Two   securities had been in a continuous loss position for more than 12 months as of March 26, 2016  , both of which have   matured in the current fiscal year.    Because the Company   did   not intend to sell the investments at a loss and   it was not more likely than not that   the Company   would     be required to sell the investments before recovery of its amortized cost basis, it did not consider the investment in these securities to be other-than-  temporarily impaired at   March 26, 2016  .      

The cost and estimated fair value of available-for-sale   securities   by contractual maturities were as follows   (in thousands)  : 

9   

4  .         Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company has determined that the only assets   and liabilities   in the Company s financial statements that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis are the Company s cash equivalents  ,     investment portfolio  ,   pension plan assets / liabilities   and contingent consideration  .    The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement.        The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  

Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  

The Company s   cash equivalents and   investment portfolio assets consist of   corporate debt securities,   money market funds,   and     commercial paper     and are reflected on our consolidated condensed balance sheet  s   under the headings cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and long-term marketable securities.      The Company determines the fair value of its investment portfolio assets by obtaining non-binding market prices from its third-party portfolio managers on the last day of the quarter, whose sources may use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1 inputs) or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2 inputs) in determining fair value. 

In connection with one of the Company s   second   quarter   fiscal year 2016   acquisitions, the Company re  p  or  t  ed contingent consideration based upon achievement of certain milestones.  This liability is classified as Level 3 and valued using a discounted cash flow model.  The assumptions used in preparing the discounted cash flow include discount rate estimates     and cash flow amounts.    See additional details below.    

The Company s long-term revolving facility, described in Note   7  , bears interest at a base rate plus applicable margin or LIBOR plus applicable margin.  As of     September     24  , 201  6  , the fair value of the Company s long-term revolving facility approximates carrying value.  

As of     September     24  , 201  6   and March 2  6  , 201  6  ,    the Company classified   all   of   its   investment portfolio and pension plan   assets   and liabilities   as   Level 1 or Level 2   as  s  ets   and liabilities  .  The   only   Level 3   liabilit  y is the contingent consideration described above and below  .    The Company has no Level 3 assets.    There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 measurements for the   six   month  s   ending     September     24  , 201  6  .    

10   

The   following summarizes the   fair value of our financial   instruments, exclusive of pension plan   assets   and liabilities  ,   at     September     24  , 201  6  ,   (in thousands): 

The   following summarized the   fair value of     our financial   instruments   at March 2  6  , 201  6  ,     exclusive of pension plan assets and liabilities   (in thousands): 

11   

Contingent consideration 

The following summarizes the fair value of the   liability for   contingent consideration at   September     24  , 2016: 

The valuation of contingent consideration   was initially   based on a weighted-average discounted cash flow model.  The fair value is reviewed and estimated on a quarterly basis based on the probability of achieving defined milestones and current interest rates.    Significant changes in any of the unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of contingent consideration could result in a significantly lower or higher fair value.  A  n increase or decrease in the probability of achieving certain   milestones   within the earn out period   would be accompanied by a directionally similar change in   the   fair value   of the recorded liability  .  A change in discount rate would be accompanied by a directionally opposite change in fair value.    Changes   in   the fair value   of the recorded liability are   reported in research and development expense in the   c  onsolidated   c  ondensed   s  tatements of   i  ncome.        I  n the current fiscal   quarter  ,   changes in milestone estimates in Tranche A above occurred following the review of product shipment forecasts   within the earn out period  .  The revised estimates reduced the fair value of the liability as of September 24, 2016   as shown in the table   below  .    

5  .         Accounts Receivable, net  

The following are the components of accounts receivable, net (in thousands): 

The significant increase in accounts receivable is due primarily to the   volume and   timing of shipments in the current fiscal quarter. 

12   

6  .         Inventories 

Inventories are comprised of the following (in thousands): 

7  .     Revolving   Credit Facilities 

On August 29, 2014, Cirrus Logic entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto.        The Credit Agreement provide  d   for a $250 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ).    Borrowings under the   Credit   Facility were   used for general corporate purposes. 

On July 12, 2016, Cirrus Logic entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the  Amended Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent,   a  nd the   Lender   party thereto,     for the purpose of refinancing the Credit Facility and prov  iding ongoing working capital.    The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a $300 million   senior secured   revolving credit facility (the  Amended Facility ) with a $25 million letter of credit sublimit.  The Amended Facility matures   on July 12, 2021  .  Cirrus Logic must repay the outstanding principal amount of all borrowings, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, on the maturity date.  The Amended Facility is required to be guaranteed by all of Cirrus Logic s material domestic subsidiaries (the  Subsidiary Guarantors ).  The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of Cirrus Logic and any Subsidiary Guarantors, except for certain excluded assets.  

Borrowings under the Amended Facility may, at our election, bear interest at either (a) a base rate plus the applicable margin ( Base Rate Loans ) or (b) a LIBOR rate plus the applicable margin ( LIBOR Rate Loans ). The applicable margin ranges from 0% to 0.50% per annum for Base Rate Loans and 1.25% to 2.00% per annum for LIBOR Rate Loans based on the Leverage Ratio (as defined below).  A   c  ommitment   f  ee   accrues at a rate per annum ranging from 0.20% to 0.30% (based on the Leverage Ratio) on the average daily unused portion of the   c  ommitment   of the lenders.  The Amended Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants providing that (a) the ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA for the prior four fiscal quarters must not be greater than   3.00   to 1.00 (the  Leverage Ratio ) and (b) the ratio of consolidated EBITDA for the prior four consecutive fiscal quarters to consolidated fixed charges (including amounts paid in cash for consolidated interest expenses, capital expenditures, scheduled principal payments of indebtedness, and income taxes) for the prior four consecutive fiscal quarters must not be less than 1.25 to 1.00 as of the end of each fiscal quarter.    The Amended Credit Agreement also contains negative covenants limiting the Company s or any Subsidiary s ability to, among other things, incur debt, grant liens, make investments, effect certain fundamental changes, make certain asset dispositions, and make certain restricted payments.    

At   September 24  , 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the   Amended   Credit Agreement.  The Company had borrowed $1  4  0.  0   million under this facility as of   September 24  , 2016, which is included in long-term liabilities on the consolidated condensed balance sheets under the caption    Debt  .  

8  .       Patent     Agreement   and Other 

On May 8, 2015, we entered into a patent purchase agreement   for the sale of certain Company-  owned patents     relating to   our LED lighting   products  .  As a result of this agreement, on June 22, 2015, the Company received cash consideration of $12.5 million from the purchaser.    Under the agreement, the Company undertook to no longer be engaged in LED lighting and received a license under the sold patents for all other fields of use.    The proceeds were recorded during   the first quarter of   fiscal year 2016 as a recovery of costs previously incurred and are reflected as a separate line item on the   c  onsolidated  

13   

c  ondensed   s  tatements of   i  ncome in operating expenses under the caption      Patent     agreement   and other  .         Additionally, in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded $0.8 million in expense related to a negotiated adjustment to a legal settlement  , which is   reflected   under the same caption  . 

9  .       Income Taxes 

Our provision for income taxes is based on estimated effective tax rates derived from an estimate of annual consolidated earnings before taxes, adjusted for nondeductible expenses, other permanent items and any applicable credits.  

The following table presents the provision for income taxes (in thousands)     and the effective tax rates: 

Our income tax expense for the   second   quarter   and first six months   of fiscal year 2017 was   below the federal statutory rate primarily due to income in certain foreign jurisdictions taxed below the federal statutory rate and the U.S. R D tax credit, partially offset by an increase in unrecognized tax benefits.  Our income tax expense for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal year 2016 was below the federal statutory rate primarily due to a one-time tax benefit associated with deferred taxes related to U.S. R D tax credit carryforwards, along with income in certain foreign jurisdictions taxed below the federal statutory rate.      

The Company   record  s   unrecognized tax benefits for the estimated risk associated   with tax positions taken on tax returns.    At     September     24  , 2016  , the Company had unrecognized tax benefits   of $2  2  .1     million, all of which would impact the effective tax rate if recognized.  The Company s total unrecognized   tax benefits are classified   as either      Other long-term liabilities    in the consolidated condensed balance sheets   or as a reduction to deferred tax assets to the extent that the unrecognized tax benefit relates to deferred tax assets  . 

The Company   recognize  s   interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes  .    The Company   recognized an immaterial amount of interest in the provision for income taxes during the first   six   months of fiscal year 2017.  As of     September     24  , 2016  , the balance of accrued interest and penalties, net of tax was   immaterial  .    No   interest or penalties were recognized during the first   six   months of fiscal year 2016. 

The Company believes it is reasonably possible that the gross unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by approximately $2.3 million in the   next 12 months due to the lapse of the statute of limitations applicable to a tax deduction claimed on a prior year tax return. 

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in multiple state and foreign jurisdictions.  Fiscal   years 2013 through 2016 remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject, although carry forward attributes that were generated in tax years prior to fiscal year 2013 may be adjusted upon examination by the tax authorities if they have been, or will be, used in a future period.  The Company   is not currently under an income tax audit in any major taxing jurisdiction.    

14   

1  0  .       Net Income Per Share 

Basic net income per share is based on the weighted effect of common shares issued and outstanding and is calculated by dividing net income by the basic weighted average shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number     of common shares used in the basic net income per share calculation, plus the equivalent number of common shares that would be issued assuming exercise or conversion of all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding.  These potentially dilutive items consist primarily of   the tax affected   outstanding stock options and awards   (including   restricted stock   units and market stock units). 

The following table details the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the three   and six   months ended     September     24  , 201  6   and     September     26  , 201  5   (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

The weighted outstanding shares excluded from our diluted calculation for the three   and six   months   ended   September     24  , 201  6     were   4   thousand and   8   thousand, respectively, as the shares were anti-dilutive.    The weighted outstanding shares excluded from our diluted calculation for the three   and six months   ended     September     26  , 2015   were   298   thousand   and   279   thousand  , res  pectively, as the shares were anti-dilutive.         

1  1  .       Legal Matters 

From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of our business activities.  We regularly evaluate the status of legal proceedings in which we are involved   in order   to assess whether a loss is probable or there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or additional loss may have been incurred and determine if accruals are appropriate.  We further evaluate each legal proceeding to assess whether an estimate of possible loss or range of loss can be made.       

Based on current knowledge, management does not believe that there are any pending matters that could potentially have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  However, we are engaged in various legal actions in the normal course of business.    T  here can be no assurances in light of the inherent uncertainties involved in any potential legal proceedings, some of which are beyond our control,   and   an adverse outcome in any legal proceeding could be material to our results of operations or cash flows for any particular reporting period. 

1  2  .       Stockholders  Equity 

Common Stock    

The Company issued a   net   0.  8   million and   1.1   million shares of common stock during the three   and six   month periods ending   September     24  , 201  6   primarily pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan.  The Company issued a net   0.3   million and   0.7   million shares of common stock during the three and six month periods ending   September     26  , 2015  , respectively  ,    in connection with stock issuances   primarily     pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan.       

15   

Share Repurchase Program      

Since inception,   $24.2   million of the Company s common stock has been repurchased under the Company s   201  5     $200   million   share repurchase program, leaving   $175.8   million available for repurchase under this plan as of   September     24  , 201  6  .  During the three   and six   months ended   September     24  , 201  6  , the Company repurchased   no shares and   0.  5   million shares of its common stock  ,     respectively,   for   $15.4   million, at an average cost of   $32.13  .  All of   these shares were repurchased in the open market and were funded from existing cash.  All shares of our common stock that were repurchased were retired as of   September     24  ,    2016  .       

1  3  .       Segment Information 

We determine our operating segments in accordance with FASB guidelines.  Our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) has been identified as the chief operating decision maker under these guidelines.   

The Company operates and tracks its results in one reportable segment, but reports revenue performance in two product lines, which,   currently   are   P  ortable   A  udio and   N  on-  P  ortable   A  udio and   o  ther.  Our CEO receives and uses enterprise-wide financial information to assess financial performance and allocate resources, rather than detailed information at a product line level.  Additionally, our product lines have similar characteristics and customers.  They share operations support functions such as sales, public relations, supply chain management, various research and development and engineering support, in addition to the general and administrative functions of human resources, legal, finance and information technology.  Therefore, no complete, discrete financial information is maintained for these product lines.  

Revenues from our product lines are as follows (in thousands): 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read along with the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the fiscal year ended March 2  6  , 201  6  , contained in our fiscal year 201  6   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commiss  ion (the  Commission ) on May 2  5  , 201  6  .    We maintain a web site at     investor.cirrus.com  ,    which makes available     free of charge our   most   recent annual report and   all   other filings   we have made   with the   Commission  .   

This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and certain information incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections and the beliefs and assumptions of our management.  In some cases, forward-looking statements are identified by words such as  expect,   anticipate,   target,   project,   believe,   goals,   estimates,   intend,  and variations of these types of words and similar expressions which are intended to identify these forward-looking statements.  In addition, any statements that refer to our plans, expectations, strategies or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.  Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions  

16   

that are difficult to predict.  Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.  We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason. 

For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results, please see    Item 1A   Risk Factors    in our 201  6   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on May 2  5  , 201  6  , and in Part II, Item 1A    Risk Factors    within this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  Readers should carefully review these risk factors, as well as those identified in other documents filed by us with the Commission.   

Overview 

Cirrus Logic, Inc. ( Cirrus Logic,   We,   Us,   Our,  or the  Company )   is a leader in   high-  performance  ,    low-power   integrated circuits ( ICs )   for   audio and voice signal processing applications  .       Cirrus Logic   s products span the entire audio signal chain, from capture to playback, providing innovative   products for   the world s top smartphones, tablets, digital headsets, wearables and emerging   smart   home   applications  . 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations are based upon the   unaudited   consolidated   condensed   financial statements included in this report, which have been prepared in accordance with U. S.   GAAP  .  The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts.  We evaluate the estimates on an on-going basis.  We base these estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions.   

There were no material changes in the first   six   months of fiscal year 201  7   to the information provided under the heading    Critical Accounting Policies    included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 2  6  , 201  6  .    

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the   Financial Accounting Standards Board (     FASB     )   issued   Accounting Standards Update (   ASU   )   No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC Topic 606)  .  The purpose of this ASU is to converge revenue recognition requirements per   U.S.   GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (     IFRS     ).  The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.    I  n August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date     after   public comment   respondents supported   a proposal to delay the effective date of this ASU to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017  , including interim reporting periods within that reporting period  .  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its   financial statements   and expects no material modifications  .   

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  .  The amendments in this ASU provide guidance in   U.S.   GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.  The amendments are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.  Early application is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating this ASU and expects no material modifications to its financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  .  The amendments in this update require that debt  

17   

issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability   are   presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability   and that the amortization of debt issuance costs is reported as interest expense.    ASU 2015-03 is to be applied retrospectively and represents a change in accounting principle.    In August 2015, the FASB issued FASB ASU No. 2015-15,   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  .  ASU 2015-15 clarified the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements.  Debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit arrangement may be presented in the balance sheet as an asset and subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the arrangement regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings.  Both   ASU   2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are   effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within   those fiscal years.  Earlier adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued.  The Company adopt  ed     these   ASU  s     in the   current   fiscal   year   with no material impact  .       

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04,   Compensation   Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets.    The ASU   is part of the FASB s  Simplification Initiative  to reduce complexity   in accounting standards.  The FASB decided to permit   entities to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of the month-end that is closest to their fiscal year-end.  An entity is required to disclose the accounting policy election and the date used to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations in accordance with the amendments in this   u  pdate.  The   amendments in this   u  pdate are effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with earlier application permitted.        The Company adopted this ASU in the   prior   fiscal quarter, with no modifications to its financial statements.  The Company s plan assets and obligations are measured as of the fiscal year-end. 

In July 2015,   the FASB issued   ASU No. 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  .  This ASU requires companies to subsequently measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value versus the previous lower of cost or market.  The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, to be applied prospectively.  Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this ASU and expects no material modifications to its financial statements as a result. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842).   The FASB issued this   update   to increase transparency and comparability by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key leasing arrangement details  .    Lessees would recognize operating leases on the balance sheet under this ASU   with the lease payment recognized as a liability, measured at present value, and the right-of-use asset recognized for the lease term. A single lease cost would be recognized over the lease term.  For terms less than twelve months, a lessee would be permitted to make an accounting policy election to recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .  This ASU requires all excess tax benefits and deficiencies to be recognized as income tax benefit   / expense   in the income statement and presented as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows  .        F  orfeitures can be calculated based on either the estimated number of awards that are expected to vest  , as required by   current guidance or when forfeitures actually occur  .    This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted,     and is anticipated in the third quarter of the current fiscal year,   but all of the described amendments must be adopted in the same period and any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year   if adopted in an interim period.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact   of this ASU  , including possible early adoption.  The Company will be required to adopt   in the   first   quarter of fiscal year 201  8  .    

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  .  This ASU requires credit losses on available-for- 

18   

sale debt securities to be presented as an allowance rather than a write-down. Unlike current   U.S.   GAAP, the credit losses could be reversed with changes in estimates, and recognized in current year earnings.   This ASU is effec  tive for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU   with no expected material impact  .    

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  .  This ASU covers several cash flow issues, including the presentation of contingent consideration payments made after a business combination.    Cash payments up to the amount of the liability recognized at the acquisition date (including measurement-period adjustments) should be classified as financing activities.  This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after   December 15, 201  7  , and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted, including   in an   interim period  , with a required retrospective transition method applied to each period presented.    The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU.    

Results of Operations    

The following table summarizes the results of our operations for the   three   and six   months o  f    fiscal years     201  7   and   201  6   as a   percentage   of net sales.  All   percentage   amounts were calculated using the underlying data in thousands  , unaudite  d:    

Net Sales    

Net sales for the   second   quarter of fiscal year 201  7     in  creased $  121.  8   million  ,   or   40   percent,     to $  428.6   million from $  30  6  .8   million in the   second     quarter of fiscal year 201  6  .        Net sales from our port  able audio products in  creased $  126.3     million, or   49   percent, primarily   due to volume shipments of our   new     digital headset solution  s   and a new boosted amplifier  .    Non-portable   audi  o and other product sales de  creased $  4.4   million, or   9     percen  t, during the   second     quarter of fiscal year 201  7   versus the comparable quarter of the prior fiscal   year, primarily due to   decreased   digital / analog converter (   DAC   )   sales  . 

Net sales for the   first six months of fiscal year   2017   in  creased $  98.  6   million, or   17   percent, to $  688  .0     million from $  589.4   million   for   the   first     six months   of fiscal year 201  6  .  Net sales from our port  able audio products in  creased $  106.5   million, or   22   percent,   primarily   due to volume shipments of our   mainstream digital headset solution and a new boosted amplifier  , partially offset   by   decreased shipments due to a known shift in market share at a large Android  customer as they reverted to a dual sourcing strategy on core chipsets.  Non-portable audio and   other product sales decreased $  7.8   million,   or   8   percent, during the   current fiscal   year versus the comparable   period   of the prior fiscal year, primarily due to decreased DAC sales. 

19   

S  ales     outside of the   Americas  , principally   located in     Asia, including sales to U.S.-based customers with manufacturing plants overseas  , were   9  7   percent and    9  6   percent   of net sales during the   second     quarter   of   fiscal years 201  7   and 201  6  , respectively  , and 9  7   percent and 95 percent of net sales during the first six     months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively  .  Our sales are denominated primarily in U.S. dollars.    No   foreign   currency hedging contracts   were entered into in the first   six   months   of fiscal year 201  7   or 201  6.       

Since the components we produce are largely proprietary, we consider our end customer to be the entity specifying the use of our component in their design. These end customers may then purchase our products directly from us, from an external sales representative or distributor, or through a third party manufacturer contracted to produce their   designs.  For the   second   quarter of fiscal years 201  7   and 201  6  , our ten largest end customers represented approximately   92   percent and   8  9   percent of our net sales  , respectively  .        For the first six months of fiscal years 201  7   and 201  6  , our ten largest end customers represented approximately   91   percent and   89 percent of our net sales, respectively.                      

We had one end   customer, Apple Inc. that purchased through multiple contract manufacturers and   represented approximately   78     percent and   6  3   percent of the Company s total net sales for the   second     quarter of fiscal years 201  7   and   201  6  , respectively  .        This same customer represented approximately   74   percent and 63 percent of the Company s total net sales for the first six months of fiscal year 2017 and 2016, respectively.    Samsung   Electronics represented   1  8   percent   of the Company s total net sales for the   second   quarter   of fiscal year 2016  , and   10   percent and 18 percent for the first six months of fiscal years 2017 and 20  1  6, respectively  .   

No other end customer or distributor represented more than 10 percent of net sales for the three   or six   months ending   September     24  , 2016   and   September     26  , 201  5  . 

For more information, please see Part II     Item 1A     Risk Factors     We depend on a limited number of customers and distributors for a substantial portion of our sales, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from,   or pricing on products sold to,   any key customer or distributor could significantly reduce our sales     and our   profitability  .    

Gross Margin  

Gross margin was   49.4   percent in the   second     quarter of fiscal year 201  7  ,    up   from   4  6  .  4   percent in the   second     quarter of fiscal year 201  6  ,    primarily due to a favorable shift in product mix.         

Gross margin was 4  9.2   percent for the first six months of fiscal year 2017, up from 46.6 percent for the first six months of fiscal year 2016, primarily due to a favorable shift in product mix.       

Research and Development Expense  

Research and development expense for the   second     quarter of fiscal year 201  7   was $  75  .  7     million, an increase of $  8.4     million, or   1  2     percent, from $  67.3   million in the   second     quarter of fiscal year 201  6  .  The   primary drivers were   increase  s in   salary and employee-related expenses     following a  n     18   percent increase in     headcount  ,     facilities-related   cost  s  ,    engineering hardware and software tools   and product development costs,   partially   offset by   the adjustment to   the   contingent consideration liability discussed in Note 4     and the UK s Research and Development Expenditure Credit (RDEC)  .       

Research and development expense for the   first six months   of fiscal year 201  7   was $  149  .  6   million, an increase of $  16.5     million, or   1  2     percent, from $  133.1   million   for the   first six months   of fiscal year 2016.  The primary drivers were increases in salary and employee-related expenses following a  n     18   percent increase in headcount,   higher   depreciation and amortization costs   and   facilities-related costs  ,    partially offset by   the adjustment to   the   contingent consideration liability discussed in Note 4,     the UK s RDEC which went into effect beginning in fiscal year 2017 and decreased product development expenses  .       

20   

Selling, General and Administrative Expense  

Selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expense for the   second     quarter of fiscal year 201  7   was $  32.1   million, an increase of $  2.0   million, or   7     percent, from $  30.1     million in the   second     quarter of fiscal year 201  6  .  The increase   w  as     due   primarily   to   increased   salary and employee-related   costs     following a 10 percent increase in headcount  . 

SG A expense for the   first six months   of fiscal year 201  7   was $  62.6   million, an increase of $  3.4   million, or   6   percent, from $  59.2   million   for   the   first six months   of fiscal year 201  6  .    The increase   w  as     due primarily to   increased     depreciation and amortization costs   and salary and employee-related   costs   following a 10 percent increase in headcount  . 

Patent   a  greement   and   o  ther 

On   May 8, 2015  , we entered into a patent purchase agreement for the sale of certain Company  -  owned patents     relating to   our LED lighting   products  .       As a result of this agreement, on   June 22, 2015  , the Company received cash consideration of $  12.5   million from the purchaser.        Under the agreement, the Company undert  ook to no longer be engaged in   LED lighting and received a license under the sold patents for all other fields of use.    The   proceeds were recorded during fiscal year 201  6   as a recovery of costs previously incurred and are reflected   as a separate line item on the   c  onsolidated   c  ondensed   s  tatements of   i  ncome in operating expenses under the caption      Patent     agreement   and other  .         Additionally, in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded $0.8 million in expense related to a negotiated adjustment to a legal settlement  , which is reflected under the same caption  .             

Interest income    

The Company reported interest income of $  0.3     million   and $  0.6   million   for   the three and six months ended September     24  , 2016,   respectively  ,   and $0.2     million and $0.5 million for the three and six months ended September 26, 2015,   respectively  ,    due to comparable average cash and cash equivalent balances for the   periods presented  . 

Interest expense 

The Company reported interest expense of $  1.3     million   and $  2.3   million   for the three   and six   months ended   September     24  , 2016  ,    respectively   and   $0.  9     million and $1.  9   million for the three and six months ended   September     26  , 2015,   respectively  .  Interest expense was recorded   on   the   revolving   credit   facilities   described in   Note   7   for   the   periods presented. 

Other   expense    

For   t  he three   and six   months ended   September     24  , 2016  , the Company   reported   $  0.  3   million   and $0.  1   million  , respectively,     and $0.  4   million and $0.  2   million for the three and six months ended September 26, 2015, respectively,   in other   expense  , primarily     net   losses     on   foreign currency   denominated monetary assets and liabilities  .        

Income Taxes 

Our provision for income taxes is based on estimated effective tax rates derived from an estimate of annual consolidated earnings before taxes, adjusted for nondeductible expenses, other permanent items and any applicable credits.   

21   

The following table presents the provision for income taxes   (in thousands)   and the effective tax rates: 

Our income tax expense for the   second   quarter   and first six months   of fiscal year 2017 was   below the federal statutory rate primarily due to income in certain foreign jurisdictions taxed below the federal statutory rate and the U.S. R D tax credit, partially offset by an increase in unrecognized tax benefits.  Our income tax expense for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal year 2016 was below the federal statutory rate primarily due to a one-time tax benefit associated with deferred taxes related to U.S. R D tax credit carryforwards, along with income in certain foreign jurisdictions taxed below the federal statutory rate.     

Liquidity and Capital Resources    

We require cash to fund our operating expenses and working capital requirements, including outlays for research and development, capital expenditures,   share   repurchase, investments in marketable securities, and   strategic acquisitions.  Our principal sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash generated from operations, cash generated from the sale and maturity of marketable securities, and borrowings under our $  300   million senior secured revolving credit facility.    

Cash provided by operating activities is net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in certain current assets and current liabilities.  Our operati  ng   cash flow   is     affected by the ability of our operations to generate cash, and our management of working capital.    C  ash   flow   generated   from   operati  ons     was   $  32.2   million for the first   six   months     of fiscal year 201  7   as compared to   less than   $  0.1   million     used in operations   for the   c  orresponding period of fiscal year 201  6  .  The   c  ash   flow from   operations during the   current   period   of fiscal year 201  7   was related to the cash components of our net income,   partially   offset by a $  120.5     million   unfavorable change     in   working capital, primarily   as a result of increases in   accounts receivable   and inventories  .    The cash flow   used in   operations during the   corresponding     period   of fiscal year 2016 was related to the cash components of our net income, offset by a $  129.6   million   unfavorable change   to working capital, primarily in inventories   and accounts receivable  .             

Net cash   used in   investing activities was $  60.7     million during the   first   six   months   of   fiscal year 201  7   as compared to $  13.2   million   provided by investing activities     during the   first   six   months   of fiscal year 201  6  .  The   cash   used in   investing activities in the current   period     i  s primarily related   to     n  et   purchases   of marketable securities of $  36.9   million   and     capital expenditures and   technology investments of $  23.9   million  .    The cash provided by investing activities in the   corresponding fiscal year 2016   period   is primarily related to net   maturities and   sale  s   of marketable securities of $  75  .4 million, partially offset by   acquisitions of $37.2 million, and   capital expenditures and technology investments   of $  24  .9   million  .     

Net cash   used in     financing activities was $  27.0   million during     the   first   six   months   of fiscal year   201  7  .    The cash   used   during the   first   six   months     of fiscal year 201  7   was   primarily     associated   with   $20.4 million in payments against the long-term revolver, discussed in Note 7,     stock   repurchases of   $  15.  4   million   and debt issuance costs of $2.2 million,   partially   offset by    $  7  .1   million for the issuance of common stock, net of tax   withholdings  ,     and excess tax benefit from employee stock   awards   of $  4.6   million  .      The cash   used in financing activities was $  33.2   million for   the first   six   months     of fisc  al   year 201  6.      The use of cash was primarily associated with $20.0 million in principal payments against the long-t  erm revolver     a  nd stock repurchases during the period of $19.2 million,   partially offset by $  3.  2    million for the issuance of common stock, net of tax   withholdings  ,   and excess tax benefit from employee stock   awards   of $2.9 million  .     

22   

We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock and currently intend to continue our policy of retaining any earnings for reinvestment in our business.  Although we cannot   give   assur  ance   that we will be able to generate cash in the future, we anticipate that our   future cash earnings,   existing   cash, cash equivalents, investments and   borrowings available   under our Credit Facility are sufficient to meet our   capital   requirements   for at least the next 12 months  , although we could be required, or could elect, to seek additional funding prior to that time  .   

Revolving Credit Facilities  

On August 29, 2014, Cirrus Logic entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. The Credit Agreement provided for a $250 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility was used for general corporate purposes.  

On July 12, 2016, Cirrus Logic entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the  Amended Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent,     and the Lender party thereto,   for the purpose of refinancing the Credit Facility and providing ongoing working capital.  The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a $300 million   senior secured   revolving credit facility (the  Amended Facility ) with a $25 million letter of credit sublimit.  The Amended Facility matures   on July 12, 2021  .  Cirrus Logic must repay the outstanding principal amount of all borrowings, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, on the maturity date.  The Amended Facility is required to be guaranteed by all of Cirrus Logic s material domestic subsidiaries (the  Subsidiary Guarantors ).  The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of Cirrus Logic and any Subsidiary Guarantors, except for certain excluded assets.  

Borrowings under the Amended Facility may, at our election, bear interest at either (a) a base rate plus the applicable margin ( Base Rate Loans ) or (b) a LIBOR rate plus the applicable margin ( LIBOR Rate Loans ).  The applicable margin ranges from 0% to 0.50% per annum for Base Rate Loans and 1.25% to 2.00% per annum for LIBOR Rate Loans based on the Leverage Ratio (as defined below).  A   commitment fee   accrues at a rate per annum ranging from 0.20% to 0.30% (based on the Leverage Ratio) on the average daily unused portion of the   commitment   of the lenders.  The Amended Credit Agreement also contains certain financial covenants providing that (a) the ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA for the prior four fiscal quarters must not be greater than 3.00 to 1.00 (the  Leverage Ratio ) and (b) the ratio of consolidated EBITDA for the prior four consecutive fiscal quarters to consolidated fixed charges (including amounts paid in cash for consolidated interest expenses, capital expenditures, scheduled principal payments of indebtedness, and income taxes) for the prior four consecutive fiscal quarters must not be less than 1.25 to 1.00 as of the end of each fiscal quarter.    The Amended Credit Agreement also contains negative covenants limiting the Company s or any Subsidiary s ability to, among other things, incur debt, grant liens, make investments, effect certain fundamental changes, make certain asset dispositions, and make certain restricted payments.    

At   September 24  , 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the   Amended   Credit Agreement.  The Company had borrowed $1  4  0.  0   million under this facility as of   September 24  , 2016, which is included in long-term liabilities on the consolidated condensed balance sheets under the caption    Debt  .  

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

We are exposed to market risks associated with interest rates on our debt securities  ,   currency movements on non-U.S. dollar denominated assets and liabilities  , and the effect of market factors on the value of our marketable securities.    We assess these risks on a regular basis and have established policies   that are designed   to protect against the adverse effects of these and other potential exposures.    For a description of our market risks, see    Part II   Item 7A   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    in our fiscal year 201  6   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on May 2  5  , 201  6  .  There have been no significant changes to our exposure to market risks since we filed our fiscal year 201  6   Annual Report on Form 10-K.    

23   

I  TEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure control  s   and procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer   (CEO)   and chief financial officer   (CFO)  , the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q.      O  ur disclosure controls and procedures   are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file   or submit   under the Exchange Act is   (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Security and Exchange Commission rules and forms and (ii)   accumulated and communicated to our management, including our   CEO   and   CFO  , as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    Based upon the evaluation, as of   September     24  , 201  6, our management, including our CEO and CFO has concluded that     our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September     24  , 2016. 

Changes in control over financial reporting 

There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter   ended   September     24  , 201  6  , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.   

PART II  . OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Information regarding legal proceedings to which the Company is a party is set forth in Note   11     Legal Matters to our unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements and is incorporated herein by reference.    

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In evaluating all forward-looking statements,   you     should specifically consider risk factors that may cause actual results to vary from those contained in the forward-looking statements.  Various risk factors associated with our business are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March   2  6  , 20  1  6  , as filed with the   Commission   on   May 2  5  , 201  6  ,   and available at   www.sec.gov  .    Other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes to those   risk factors previously disclosed in our   Annual   Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March   2  6  , 201  6  . 

We depend on a limited number of customers   and distributors   for a substantial portion of our sales, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from,   or pricing on products sold to,   any key customer   or distributor   could significantly reduce our sale  s and our profitability  .   

While we generate sales from a broad base of customers worldwide, the loss of any of our key customers, or a significant reduction in sales   or selling prices   to any   key customer  ,    or reductions in selling prices made to retain key customer relationships,   would significantly reduce our   revenue, margins and earnings and   adversely affect our business.        For the first   six   months of fiscal years 201  7   and 201  6  ,    our ten largest end custom  ers represented   approximately   91   percent and   8  9   percent  ,     respectively,   of our   net   sales.  We   had one end customer, Apple Inc. that purchased through multiple contract manufacturers and represented approximately   74     percent and   63   percent of the Company s total   net   sales for the   first   six   months of fiscal years 201  7   and 201  6  , respectively.    Additionally, Samsung Electronics represented approximately   10   percent and 18   percent of the Company s net sales for the first   six   months of fiscal year 201  7   and 2016, respectively  .       

24   

We had   no   distributor  s   that represented   more than 10   percent of our sales for the   six   month periods ending     September     24  , 2016   or     September     26  , 201  5  .  No other end customer or distributor represented more than 10 percent of net sales for the   six   month periods ending   September     24  , 2016   or   September     26  , 201  5  . 

We may not be able to maintain or increase sales to certain of   our key customers for a variety of reasons, including the following:    

most of our customers can stop incorporating our products into their own products with limited notice to us and suffer little or no penalty;     

our agreements with our customers typically do not require them to purchase a minimum quantity of our products;     

many of our customers have pre-existing or concurrent relationships with our current or potential competitors that may affect the customers  decisions to purchase our products;     

our customers face intense competition from other manufacturers that do not use our products; and     

our customers regularly evaluate alternative sources of supply in order to diversify their supplier base, which increases their negotiating leverage with us and their ability to obtain components from alternative sources.     

In addition  ,    our dependence on a limited number of key customers may make it easier for key customers to pressure us to reduce the prices of the products we sell to them.  We have experienced pricing pressure from certain key customers  ,   and we expect that the average selling prices for certain of our products will decline, reducing our revenue, our margins, and our earnings. 

Our key customer   relationships often require us to develop new products that may involve significant technological challenges.  Our customers frequently place considerable pressure on us to meet their tight development schedules.    In addition, we may from time to time enter into customer agreements providing for exclusivity periods during which we may only sell specified products or technologies to that customer.        Accordingly, we may have to devote a substantial amount of resources to strategic relationships, which could detract from or delay our completion of other important development projects or the development of next generation products and technologies.   

Our international operations subject our business to additional political and economic risks that could have an adverse impact on our business. 

In addition to international sales constituting a large portion of our net sales, we maintain international operations, sales, and technical support personnel.  International expansion has required, and will continue to require, significant management attention and resources.  There are risks inherent in expanding our presence into non-U.S. regions, including, but not limited to:  

difficulties in staffing and managing non-U.S. operations;      

failure of non-U.S. laws to adequately protect our U.S. intellectual property, patent, trademarks, copyrights, know-how, and other proprietary rights;     

global health conditions and potential natural disasters;     

political and economic instability in international regions;     

international currency controls and exchange rate fluctuations;     

vulnerability to terrorist groups targeting American interests abroad; and     

legal uncertainty regarding liability and compliance with non-U.S. laws and regulatory requirements.     

25   

If we are unable to successfully manage the demands of our international operations, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom (U.K.) held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the European Union (the  E.U. ), commonly referred to as      Brexit  .   As a result of the referendum, it is expected that the British government will begin negotiating the terms of the U.K. s   withdrawal from the E.U. and the U.K. s   future relationship  s   with E.U.   member states.    Although it is unknown what those terms will be, it is possible that there will be greater restrictions on immigration between the U.K. and E.U. countries that make it more difficult to staff   our   U.K. operations, changes in tax laws that negatively impact our effective tax rate,   restrictions on imports and exports between the U.K. and E.U. member states,   and increased regulatory complexities. These changes may adversely affect our operations and financial results. 

I  TEM   2.  U  NREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF   P  ROCEEDS   

None. 

I  TEM     3  .    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

I  TEM     4  .    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable  . 

I  TEM     5  .    OTHER INFORMATION  

None  . 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are filed as part of or incorporated by reference into this Report:  

3.1  

Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 26, 1998.  (1)  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant. (2)  

10.1  

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated July 12, 2016, among the Company, the Lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as a Lender and Administrative Agent. (3)  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

26   

The exhibits required to be filed pursuant to the requirements of Item 601 of Regulation S-K are set forth in the Exhibit Index   list noted above   and are incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURE  S 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

CIRRUS LOGIC, INC. 

Date:  

October 2  7  , 201  6  

By:    /s/     Thurman K. Case  

Thurman K. Case  

Vice President,   Chief Financial Officer     and Principal Accounting Officer  

27   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 crus-20160924xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,   Jason P. Rhode  , certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this   Quarterly     R  eport on Form 10-  Q   of Cirrus Logic, Inc.;      

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:  

October 27, 2016  

/s/   Jason P. Rhode  

Jason P. Rhode  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 crus-20160924xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Thurman K. Case, certify that:  

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cirrus Logic, Inc.;      

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:  

October 27, 2016  

/s/   Thurman K. Case  

Thurman K. Case    

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 crus-20160924xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the   Quarterly     R  eport of Cirrus Logic, Inc. (the    Company   ) on Form 10-  Q   for the period ended   September    2  4  , 201  6  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission   on the date hereof   (the  Report ), I,   Jason P. Rhode  , Chief   Executive   Officer of the   Company  , hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to my knowledge:  

1. 

T  he Report   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,   as amended;   and     

2. 

T  he information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the   Company  .     

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the   Company   and will be retained by the   Company   and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

7  

Date:  

October 27, 2016  

/s/   Jason P. Rhode  

Jason P. Rhode  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 crus-20160924xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the   Quarterly     R  eport of Cirrus Logic, Inc. (the    Company   ) on Form 10-  Q   for the period ended   September    2  4  , 201  6  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission   on the date hereof   (the  Report ), I,   Thurman K. Case  , Chief Financial Officer of the   Company  , hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to my knowledge:  

1.    T  he Report   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,   as amended;   and 

2.    T  he information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the   Company  . 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the   Company   and will be retained by the   Company   and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

Date:  

October 27, 2016  

/s/   Thurman K. Case  

Thurman K. Case    

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 crus-20160924.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 crus-20160924.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 crus-20160924_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 crus-20160924_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 crus-20160924_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 crus-20160924_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

