<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_1486957_0001486957-16-000036_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8136652</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>191999</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>472104</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2770256</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3341669</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1200190</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001486957-16-000036.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031164158
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001486957-16-000036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BWX Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001486957
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ENGINES & TURBINES [3510]
		IRS NUMBER:				800558025
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34658
		FILM NUMBER:		161962115

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LYNCHBURG
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24504
		BUSINESS PHONE:		980-365-4300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LYNCHBURG
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24504

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Babcock & Wilcox Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100311

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001486957-16-000036.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 bwxt_93016x10qdocument.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D. C. 20549 
   __________________________________________________  
  FORM 10-Q 
   __________________________________________________  
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR    

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission File No. 001-34658 
     BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    
    __________________________________________________  

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (980) 365-4300 
    __________________________________________________  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding at   October 27, 2016   was   99,233,414  . 

Table of Contents  

BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  INDEX - FORM 10-Q 

PAGE 
       PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      
      September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (Unaudited) 
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income  
      
      Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) 
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
      
      Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) 
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity  
      
      Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) 
    6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      
      Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited) 
    7 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    8 

Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    24 

Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    34 

Item 4   Controls and Procedures  
    34 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1   Legal Proceedings  
    35 

Item 1A   Risk Factors  
    35 

Item 2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    35 

Item 6   Exhibits  
    36 

SIGNATURES  
    37 

1 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
  BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  ASSETS 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF 
  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016    
  (UNAUDITED) 
   
  NOTE   1     BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  We have presented the condensed consolidated financial statements of BWX Technologies, Inc. ("BWXT") in U.S. dollars in accordance with the interim reporting requirements of Form 10-Q, Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). Certain financial information and disclosures normally included in our financial statements prepared annually in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted. Readers of these financial statements should, therefore, refer to the consolidated financial statements and notes in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (our "  2015   10-K"). We have included all adjustments, in the opinion of management, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation. 
  We use the equity method to account for investments in entities that we do not control, but over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence. We generally refer to these entities as "joint ventures." We have eliminated all intercompany transactions and accounts. We have reclassified amounts previously reported to conform to the presentation as of and for the   three and nine   month   periods   ended   September 30, 2016  . We present the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements on the basis of continuing operations, unless otherwise stated. 
  Unless the context otherwise indicates, "we," "us" and "our" mean BWXT and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  Spin-off 
  On June 30, 2015, we completed the spin-off of our former Power Generation business (the "spin-off") into an independent, publicly traded company named Babcock   Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. ("BWE"). The separation was effected through a pro rata distribution of   100%   of BWE s common stock to BWXT s stockholders. The distribution of BWE common stock consisted of one share of BWE common stock for every two shares of BWXT common stock to holders of BWXT common stock on the record date of June 18, 2015. Cash was paid in lieu of any fractional shares of BWE common stock. Following the spin-off, BWXT did not retain any ownership interest in BWE. Prior to June 30, 2015, we completed an internal restructuring that separated the subsidiaries involved in our former Power Generation business and established BWE as the direct or indirect parent company of those subsidiaries. Concurrent with the spin-off, The Babcock   Wilcox Company was renamed BWX Technologies, Inc. The results of operations of our former Power Generation business are presented as discontinued operations on the condensed consolidated statements of income. See   Note 2   for further information regarding the spin-off of BWE. 
  Reportable Segments 
  We operate in   three   reportable segments: Nuclear Operations, Technical Services and Nuclear Energy. Our reportable segments are further described as follows: 

Our Nuclear Operations segment manufactures naval nuclear reactors for the U.S. Department of Energy ("DOE")/National Nuclear Security Administration s ("NNSA") Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program, which in turn supplies them to the U.S. Navy for use in submarines and aircraft carriers. Through this segment, we own and operate manufacturing facilities located in Lynchburg, Virginia; Mount Vernon, Indiana; Euclid, Ohio; Barberton, Ohio; and Erwin, Tennessee. The Barberton and Mount Vernon locations specialize in the design and manufacture of heavy components. The Euclid facility, which is N-Stamp certified by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, fabricates electro-mechanical equipment for the U.S. Government, and performs design, manufacturing, inspection, assembly and testing activities. The Lynchburg operations fabricate fuel-bearing precision components that range in weight from a few grams to hundreds of tons. In-house capabilities also include wet chemistry uranium processing, advanced heat treatment to optimize component material properties and a controlled, clean-room environment with the capacity to assemble railcar-size components. Fuel for the naval nuclear reactors is provided by Nuclear Fuel Services, Inc. ("NFS"), one of our wholly owned subsidiaries. Located in Erwin, Tennessee, NFS also converts Cold War-era government stockpiles of highly enriched uranium into material suitable for further processing into commercial nuclear reactor fuel. 

Our Technical Services segment provides various services to the U.S. Government, including uranium processing, environmental site restoration services and management and operating services for various U.S. Government-owned facilities. These services are provided to the DOE, including the NNSA, the Office of Nuclear Energy, the Office of  
     
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Science and the Office of Environmental Management; the Department of Defense and NASA. Through this segment we deliver products and management solutions to nuclear operations and high-consequence manufacturing facilities. A significant portion of this segment s operations are conducted through joint ventures. 

Our Nuclear Energy segment supplies commercial nuclear steam generators and components to nuclear utility customers. BWXT has supplied the nuclear industry with more than   1,300   large, heavy components worldwide. This segment is the only heavy nuclear component, N-Stamp certified manufacturer in North America. Our Nuclear Energy segment fabricates pressure vessels, reactors, steam generators, heat exchangers and other auxiliary equipment. This segment also provides specialized engineering services that include structural component design, 3-D thermal-hydraulic engineering analysis, weld and robotic process development and metallurgy and materials engineering. In addition, this segment offers services for nuclear steam generators and balance of plant equipment, as well as nondestructive examination and tooling/repair solutions for other plant systems and components. This segment also offers engineering and licensing services for new nuclear plant designs. 
     See   Note 11   for further information regarding our segments. 
  Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and the related footnotes included in our   2015   10-K. 
  GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy Canada Inc. Acquisition 
  On August 18, 2016, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire all of the shares of GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy Canada Inc. ( GEH-C ). GEH-C is a leading supplier of nuclear fuel, fuel handling systems, delivery systems and replacement components for CANDU reactors. The transaction is expected to be completed, subject to required Canadian regulatory reviews and other closing conditions, during the fourth quarter of 2016. Following successful completion of the transaction, GEH-C would be reported as part of our Nuclear Energy segment. GEH-C will expand our current commercial nuclear product and service portfolio and allow us to leverage our technology-based competencies in offering new products and services related to plant life extensions as well as the ongoing maintenance of nuclear power generation equipment. 
  Deconsolidation of Generation mPower LLC 
  On March 2, 2016, we entered into a framework agreement with Bechtel Power Corporation ("Bechtel"), BWXT Modular Reactors, LLC and BDC NexGen Power, LLC for the potential restructuring and restart of our mPower small modular reactor program (the "Framework Agreement"). As a result of entering into the Framework Agreement, we have deconsolidated Generation mPower LLC ("GmP") from our financial statements as of the date of the Framework Agreement. We recorded a gain of approximately   $13.6 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   related to the deconsolidation of GmP as a component of other - net in our condensed consolidated statement of income. 
  For additional information on the Framework Agreement, see   Note 6   to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  Contracts and Revenue Recognition 
  We generally recognize contract revenues and related costs on a percentage-of-completion method for individual contracts or combinations of contracts based on work performed, man hours or a cost-to-cost method, as applicable to the product or activity involved. We recognize estimated contract revenue and resulting income based on the measurement of the extent of progress towards completion as a percentage of the total project. Certain costs may be excluded from the cost-to-cost method of measuring progress, such as significant costs for materials and major third-party subcontractors, if it appears that such exclusion would result in a more meaningful measurement of actual contract progress and resulting periodic allocation of income. We include revenues and related costs so recorded, plus accumulated contract costs that exceed amounts invoiced to customers under the terms of the contracts, in contracts in progress. We include in advance billings on contracts billings that exceed accumulated contract costs and revenues and costs recognized under the percentage-of-completion method. Most long-term contracts contain provisions for progress payments. Our unbilled receivables do not contain an allowance for credit losses as we expect to invoice customers and collect all amounts for unbilled revenues. We review contract price and cost estimates periodically as the work progresses and reflect adjustments proportionate to the percentage-of-completion in income in the period when those estimates are revised. For all contracts, if a current estimate of total contract cost indicates a loss on a contract, the projected loss is recognized in full when determined. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

For contracts as to which we are unable to estimate the final profitability except to assure that no loss will ultimately be incurred, we recognize equal amounts of revenue and cost until the final results can be estimated more precisely. For these deferred profit recognition contracts, we recognize revenue and cost equally and only recognize gross margin when probable and reasonably estimable, which we generally determine to be when the contract is approximately   70%   complete. We treat long-term contracts that contain such a level of risk and uncertainty that estimation of the final outcome is impractical, except to assure that no loss will be incurred, as deferred profit recognition contracts. 
  Our policy is to account for fixed-price contracts under the completed-contract method if we believe that we are unable to reasonably forecast cost to complete at start-up. Under the completed-contract method, income is recognized only when a contract is completed or substantially complete. 
  Comprehensive Income 
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive income included in stockholders  equity are as follows: 

The amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component and the affected condensed consolidated statements of income line items are as follows: 

Inventories 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , included in other current assets we had inventories totaling   $8.0 million   and   $7.3 million  , respectively, consisting entirely of raw materials and supplies. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had restricted cash and cash equivalents totaling   $8.6 million  ,   $2.8 million   of which was held for future decommissioning of facilities (which is included in other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets) and   $5.8 million   of which was held to meet reinsurance reserve requirements of our captive insurer. 
  Warranty Expense 
  We accrue estimated expense included in cost of operations on our condensed consolidated statements of income to satisfy contractual warranty requirements when we recognize the associated revenue on the related contracts. In addition, we record specific provisions or reductions where we expect the actual warranty costs to significantly differ from the accrued estimates. Such changes could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  The following summarizes the changes in the carrying amount of our accrued warranty expense: 

Research and Development 
  Our research and development activities are related to the development and improvement of new and existing products and equipment, as well as conceptual and engineering evaluation for translation into practical applications. We charge the costs of research and development unrelated to specific contracts as incurred. Substantially all of these costs are related to our mPower program for the development of our BWXT mPower  reactor and the associated power plant. 
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  We are subject to federal income tax in the United States and Canada as well as income tax within multiple U.S. state jurisdictions. We provide for income taxes based on the enacted tax laws and rates in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations. These jurisdictions may have regimes of taxation that vary with respect to nominal rates and with respect to the basis on which these rates are applied. This variation, along with changes in our mix of income within these jurisdictions, can contribute to shifts in our effective tax rate from period to period. Beginning in the second quarter of 2015, we began recognizing our consolidated income tax provision based on the U.S. federal statutory rate of   35%   due to the presumed repatriation of our Canadian earnings. We classify interest and penalties related to taxes (net of any applicable tax benefit) as a component of provision for income taxes on our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  Our effective tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   33.0%   as compared to   32.6%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was lower than our statutory rate primarily due to the remeasurement of uncertain tax positions as a result of the close of a previously ongoing IRS audit as well as adjustments related to the filing of our 2014 U.S. tax return.  
  Our effective tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   31.2%   as compared to   35.4%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was lower than our statutory rate primarily due to the   $13.6 million   gain recognized related to the deconsolidation of GmP. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was impacted by the spin-off of our former Power Generation business. Specifically, we recognized   $3.8 million   of tax provision due to the change in our tax footprint associated with the spin-off, resulting in the revaluations of deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as the need to recognize tax provision on our global earnings at our U.S. federal rate due to the likely repatriation of future foreign earnings. These amounts were offset by the remeasurement of uncertain tax positions and adjustments related to the filing of our 2014 U.S. tax return discussed above. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , we have gross unrecognized tax benefits of   $1.9 million  . Of the   $1.9 million   gross unrecognized tax benefits,   $1.8 million   would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized. 
  New Accounting Standards 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued the Topic   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in the Topic Revenue Recognition and most industry specific guidance. The core principle of this guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date of this amendment until 2018. The update may be adopted either retrospectively to each prior period or as a cumulative-effect adjustment on the date of adoption. We are currently evaluating the methods of adoption allowed by the updated standard and the effect it may have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Since the updated standard will supersede substantially all existing guidance related to revenue recognition, it could impact revenue and cost recognition for each of our segments, in addition to business processes and information technology systems. As a result, our evaluation of the effects of this Topic will extend over future periods.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued an update to the Topic   Leases  , which supersedes previous lease reporting requirements. This update requires that a lessee recognize on its balance sheet the assets and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than 12 months, along with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. The effect of leases in a consolidated statement of income and a consolidated statement of cash flows is expected to be largely unchanged. Accounting by lessors was not significantly impacted by this update. This update will be effective for us in 2019, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued an update to the Topic   Compensation - Stock Compensation  , which identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax reporting implications, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. This update will be effective for us in 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued an update to the Topic   Financial Instruments  . This update, among other changes, requires companies to measure equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. This update is effective in 2018 and early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our financial statements. 
   
  NOTE   2     DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
  Spin-off of BWE 
  On June 30, 2015, we completed the spin-off of BWE to our stockholders through a distribution of BWE stock. BWE s assets and business primarily consist of those that we previously reported as our Power Generation segment. 
  At the spin-off, BWXT had outstanding performance guarantees for various projects executed by the Power Generation business in the normal course of business. These guarantees totaled   $1,542 million   and ranged in expiration dates from 2015 to 2035. In February 2016, BWE notified us that we have been released from substantially all remaining performance guarantees. Accordingly, we reduced the outstanding liability and recorded a gain of approximately   $9.3 million   during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a component of other   net in our condensed consolidated statement of income. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Financial Information 
  The following table presents selected financial information regarding the results of operations of our former Power Generation business: 

(1) 
    Included in selling, general and administrative expenses are allocations of corporate administrative expenses of   $0.0 million   and   $28.0 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 
     We incurred approximately   $66.5 million   in total spin-off related costs, which includes approximately   $29.8 million   for professional services and   $23.1 million   of retention and severance-related charges. Income (loss) from discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes   $34.4 million   of these charges, and included in continuing operations are spin-off costs of   $26.0 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. A total of   $6.1 million   was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2014. 
  Included in income from discontinued operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were certain adjustments made pursuant to FASB Topic Income Taxes which requires that adjustments made to remeasure uncertain tax positions directly associated with operations discontinued in a prior period be recognized in the current period as a component of discontinued operations. The remeasurement in the three months ended September 30, 2015 was the result of the close of a previously ongoing IRS audit as well as adjustments related to the filing of our 2014 U.S. tax return. Additionally, we revised our estimated annual effective tax rate during the three months ended September 30, 2015, which had an impact on the provision for income taxes associated with our former Power Generation business and was recorded as a component of discontinued operations. 

13 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents selected financial information regarding cash flows of our former Power Generation business that are included in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: 

NOTE   3     SPECIAL CHARGES FOR RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES 
  As of June 30, 2015, margin improvement initiatives designed to strengthen the operating performance of our Nuclear Energy segment were substantially complete. In the   nine   months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred   $0.7 million   of expenses related to facility consolidation and employee termination benefits in connection with these initiatives. In addition, we incurred   $15.9 million   for the   nine   months ended September 30, 2015 related to the restructuring of our mPower program, consisting primarily of asset impairments as a result of the significant adverse changes in the business prospects of the mPower program. 
  The following summarizes the changes in our restructuring liability for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

(1) 
    Excludes non-cash charges of   $16.0 million   for the   nine   months ended September 30, 2015, which did not impact the restructuring liability. 
     At   September 30, 2016  , unpaid restructuring charges totaled   $0.3 million   for employee termination benefits. 
   
  NOTE   4   - CREDIT FACILITY 
  Our gross long-term debt consists of the following: 

14 

     Table of Contents  

On September 2, 2016, we entered into an amendment (the  Amendment ) to our Credit Agreement dated May 11, 2015 with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain lenders and letter of credit issuers party thereto (collectively, the  Amended Credit Agreement ). Prior to the Amendment, our Credit Agreement provided for a   five  -year, senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount of up to   $400 million  , the full amount of which is available for the issuance of letters of credit, and a senior secured term loan facility of   $300 million  , which was drawn on June 30, 2015. The Amendment added a new U.S. dollar term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to   $112.5 million  , which was drawn on September 16, 2016, and a new Canadian dollar term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to the equivalent of   $137.5 million   U.S. dollars, which may be drawn in a single drawing at any time prior to December 31, 2016 (collectively, the  Incremental Term Loans ). All obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are scheduled to mature on June 30, 2020. The proceeds of loans under the Amended Credit Agreement are available for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. 
  The Amended Credit Agreement includes provisions for additional financial institutions to become lenders, or for any existing lender to increase its commitment thereunder, subject to an aggregate maximum of   $250 million   for all additional term loans, revolving credit borrowings and letter of credit commitments. 
  The Amended Credit Agreement is (i) guaranteed by substantially all of our wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, excluding our captive insurance subsidiary, and (ii) secured by first-priority liens on certain assets owned by us and the guarantors (other than our subsidiaries comprising our Nuclear Operations and Technical Services segments). 
  The Amended Credit Agreement requires interest payments on revolving loans on a periodic basis until maturity. We began making quarterly amortization payments on the   $300 million   term loan in an amount equal to   1.25%   of the aggregate principal amount in the first quarter of 2016. We are required to make quarterly amortization payments on the Incremental Term Loans equal to   1.25%   of the aggregate principal amount beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016. We may prepay all loans under the Amended Credit Agreement at any time without premium or penalty (other than customary Eurocurrency Rate breakage costs), subject to notice requirements. 
  The Amended Credit Agreement includes financial covenants that are tested on a quarterly basis, based on the rolling four-quarter period that ends on the last day of each fiscal quarter. The maximum permitted leverage ratio is   3.00   to   1.00  , which may be increased to   3.25   to   1.00   for up to four consecutive fiscal quarters after a material acquisition. The minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio is   4.00   to   1.00  . In addition, the Amended Credit Agreement contains various restrictive covenants, including with respect to debt, liens, investments, mergers, acquisitions, dividends, equity repurchases and asset sales. At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all covenants set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
  Outstanding loans denominated in U.S. dollars under the Amended Credit Agreement bear interest at our option at either the Eurocurrency Rate plus a margin ranging from   1.25%   to   1.75%   per year or the base rate (the highest of the Federal Funds rate plus   0.50%  , the one-month Eurocurrency Rate plus   1.0%  , or the administrative agent s prime rate) plus a margin ranging from   0.25%   to   0.75%   per year. Canadian dollar loans, if outstanding, will bear interest at the Eurocurrency Rate plus a margin ranging from   1.25%   to   1.75%   per year. We are charged a commitment fee on the unused portions of the revolving credit facility and the term loan facilities, and that fee varies between   0.15%   and   0.25%   per year. Additionally, we are charged a letter of credit fee of between   1.25%   and   1.75%   per year with respect to the amount of each financial letter of credit issued under the Amended Credit Agreement and a letter of credit fee of between   0.75%   and   1.05%   per year is charged with respect to the amount of each performance letter of credit issued under the Amended Credit Agreement. The applicable margin for loans, the commitment fee and the letter of credit fees set forth above will vary quarterly based on our leverage ratio. Upon the closing of the Credit Agreement and the subsequent Amendment, we paid certain upfront fees to the lenders thereunder, and paid arrangement and other fees to the arrangers and agents of the Amended Credit Agreement. At   September 30, 2016  , borrowings outstanding totaled   $401.3 million   and   $48.9 million   under our term loans and revolving line of credit, respectively, and letters of credit issued under the Amended Credit Agreement totaled   $111.5 million  . As a result, we had   $377.1 million   available for borrowings or to meet letter of credit requirements as of   September 30, 2016  , excluding the additional   $250 million   available to us for term loan, revolving credit borrowings and letter of credit commitments. As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted-average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under our Amended Credit Agreement was   2.02%  . 
  Based on the current credit ratings of the Amended Credit Agreement, the applicable margin for Eurocurrency Rate loans is   1.25%   for the term loan facility drawn June 30, 2015 and   1.375%   for the Incremental Term Loans. The commitment fee for unused portions of the Incremental Term Loans is   0.175%  . The letter of credit fee for financial letters of credit is   1.25%  , and the letter of credit fee for performance letters of credit is   0.75%  . The commitment fee for unused portions of the revolving credit facility is   0.15%  . The applicable interest rate at   September 30, 2016   was   3.75%   per year for the revolving credit facility. The Amended Credit Agreement does not have a floor for the base rate or the Eurocurrency Rate. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

The Amended Credit Agreement generally includes customary events of default for a secured credit facility, some of which allow for an opportunity to cure. If an event of default relating to bankruptcy or other insolvency events occurs under the Amended Credit Agreement, all obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement will immediately become due and payable. If any other event of default exists under the Amended Credit Agreement, the lenders will be permitted to accelerate the maturity of the obligations outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement. If any event of default occurs under the Amended Credit Agreement, the lenders will be permitted to terminate their commitments thereunder and exercise other rights and remedies, including the commencement of foreclosure or other actions against the collateral. 
  If any default occurs under the Amended Credit Agreement, or if we are unable to make any of the representations and warranties in the Amended Credit Agreement, we will be unable to borrow funds or have letters of credit issued under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
   
  NOTE   5     PENSION PLANS AND POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS 
  Components of net periodic benefit cost included in net income are as follows: 

Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, we changed the method we use to estimate the interest and service cost components of our net periodic benefit cost for our pension and postretirement benefit plans. Previously, we estimated interest and service cost utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve data used to measure the benefit obligation. Our new method for estimating interest and service cost is a spot rate approach, which utilizes duration specific spot rates from the yield curve that was used to measure the benefit obligation. 
  Our combined net periodic benefit cost for our pension and postretirement plans decreased $  18.1 million   in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease is primarily due to the change in the method used to estimate the interest and service cost components of net periodic benefit cost discussed above. While this change in estimate provides a more precise estimate of interest and service cost by improving the relationship of the discount rates utilized to measure our benefit obligation and the rates utilized to estimate interest and service cost, this change will not affect the measurement of our total pension and postretirement benefit obligations or our total annual net periodic benefit cost as the change in our interest and service cost will be offset in our recognized net actuarial (gain) loss recognized in the fourth quarter each year. Net periodic benefit cost also decreased due to lower service cost resulting from the December 31, 2015 plan freeze of our major U.S. and Canadian defined benefit qualified pension plans, which was partially offset by a lower expected return on plan assets. 
    
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, significant lump sum payments were made from certain salaried Canadian pension plans. As a result, we remeasured certain of our Canadian pension plans resulting in the recognition of a net actuarial loss of   $2.2 million  , which includes a   $2.6 million   settlement loss and a   $0.4 million   actuarial gain. We have excluded the recognized net actuarial loss from our reportable segments, and such amount has been reflected in   Note 11   as the Mark to Market Adjustment in the reconciliation of reportable segment income to consolidated operating income. We recorded   $1.0 million   of the net actuarial loss within cost of operations and   $1.2 million   of the loss within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
  
   16 

Table of Contents  

NOTE   6     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  Other than as noted below, there have been no material changes during the period covered by this Form 10-Q in the status of the legal proceedings disclosed in   Note 10   to the consolidated financial statements in Part II of our   2015   10-K. 
  Investigations and Litigation 
  Apollo and Parks Township 
  In January 2010, Michelle McMunn, Cara D. Steele and Yvonne Sue Robinson filed suit against Babcock   Wilcox Power Generation Group, Inc. ("B W PGG"), Babcock   Wilcox Technical Services Group, Inc., formerly known as B W Nuclear Environmental Services, Inc. and now known as BWXT Technical Services Group, Inc. (the "BWXT Parties") and Atlantic Richfield Company ("ARCO") in the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Since January 2010, additional suits have been filed by additional plaintiffs for a total of   seventeen   lawsuits filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania against the BWXT Parties and ARCO. In total, the suits involve approximately   107   primary claimants. The primary claimants allege, among other things, personal injuries and property damage as a result of alleged releases of radioactive material relating to the operation, remediation and/or decommissioning of   two   former nuclear fuel processing facilities located in the Borough of Apollo and Parks Township, Pennsylvania (collectively, the "Apollo and Parks Litigation"). Those facilities previously were owned by Nuclear Materials and Equipment Company, a former subsidiary of ARCO ("NUMEC"), which was acquired by B W PGG. The plaintiffs in the Apollo and Parks Litigation seek compensatory and punitive damages, and in November 2014 delivered a demand of   $125.0 million   for the settlement of all then-filed actions. All of the suits, except for the two most recent filings in June and October 2015 (the "2015 Lawsuits"), have been consolidated for non-dispositive pre-trial matters. Fact discovery in the Apollo and Parks Litigation is now closed for all claims other than the 2015 Lawsuits, but no trial date has been set. In connection with the spin-off, we agreed to indemnify B W PGG and its affiliates for any losses arising from the Apollo and Parks Litigation pursuant to the Master Separation Agreement.  
  In May 2015, the magistrate judge overseeing the consolidated suits (representing   fifteen   of the lawsuits filed to date and   93   primary claimants) issued a report recommending, among other things, that two motions for summary judgment filed by the BWXT Parties (Failure to Raise a Genuine Issue For Trial on Breach of Duty and Lack of Evidence Regarding Exposure and Dose) be granted in   11   of the   15   consolidated cases. This recommendation was accepted in all respects by the presiding judge and the motions for summary judgment were formally granted in September 2015. In December 2015, the presiding judge in the consolidated cases accepted the magistrate judge's recommendation and granted the summary judgment motion in the other   4   consolidated cases, but not the 2015 Lawsuits. In March 2016, the presiding judge also granted motions to dismiss the   two   remaining 2015 Lawsuits on the grounds of preemption and failure to adequately plead the remaining cause of action with specificity. Accordingly, all claims in the existing   17   lawsuits have been dismissed by the trial court. 
  The plaintiffs in the initial   11   consolidated suits filed their notice of appeal on the Motions for Summary Judgment decision on October 15, 2015 in the 3   rd    Circuit of the United States Court of Appeals, and the   4   additional consolidated cases have now joined this appeal. On April 16, 2016, the plaintiffs in the 2015 Lawsuits filed their notices of appeal in the 2015 Lawsuits and all cases on appeal have now been consolidated. Although the appeal process could be lengthy, if ultimately upheld the decision would result in the dismissal of all   seventeen   currently filed suits. 
  At the time of ARCO s sale of NUMEC stock to B W PGG, B W PGG received an indemnity and hold harmless agreement from ARCO, which has been assigned to BWXT and its affiliates, with respect to claims and liabilities arising prior to or as a result of conduct or events predating the acquisition. 
  Insurance coverage and/or the ARCO indemnity currently provides coverage for the claims alleged in the Apollo and Parks Litigation, although no assurance can be given that insurance and/or the indemnity will be available or sufficient in the event of liability, if any. 
  mPower 
  In April 2014, BWXT announced plans to restructure our mPower program for the development of our mPower reactor to focus on technology development. Since then, BWXT has worked with the DOE, Bechtel - our partner in Generation mPower LLC ( GmP ) - and other stakeholders and potential investors in continuing efforts to restructure the mPower program in light of deteriorated market conditions. Although BWXT has continued to invest in the program during 2014 and 2015 at the rate of approximately   $15.0 million   annually, on July 13, 2015, Bechtel provided a written notice asserting that BWXT and GmP were in material breach of the GmP Limited Liability Company Agreement dated February 28, 2011 (the  GmP LLC Agreement ). BWXT asserted, among other things, that it had the right under the LLC Agreement to terminate the mPower program and  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Bechtel was therefore not entitled to any return of its investment. In October 2015, BWXT and Bechtel agreed to a   60  -day period of negotiations for the purpose of negotiating a resolution of these matters, which was subsequently extended. 
  On March 2, 2016, BWXT entered into a Framework Agreement with Bechtel, BWXT Modular Reactors, LLC and BDC NexGen Power, LLC for the potential restructuring and restart of our mPower program (the "Framework Agreement"). The Framework Agreement provides that during a   12  -month fundraising period beginning on the effective date of the Framework Agreement, Bechtel will attempt to secure funding from third parties (including the DOE) to complete development of the mPower Plant design sufficient to achieve design certification by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. During this fundraising period, BWXT plans to continue advancing the mPower design through in-kind engineering services within our previously announced planned mPower project spending of no more than   $10.0 million   per year. 
  If Bechtel is successful in securing adequate commitments of funding from external sources (as determined by Bechtel in its sole discretion), then the Framework Agreement requires (a) BWXT and Bechtel to negotiate and execute a new GmP limited liability company agreement and ancillary-related agreements, with Bechtel taking over management of the mPower program from BWXT, and (b) BWXT to fund an aggregate of   $60.0 million   in in-kind development costs toward achieving design certification (not to exceed   $12.0 million   per year). 
  In the event that Bechtel determines in its sole discretion that the mPower program should not be restarted, whether due to (1) adequate third party funding not being secured, (2) the parties being unable to finalize the new GmP limited liability company agreement and other ancillary-related agreements, or (3) otherwise, the mPower program would be terminated, GmP would be wound up and Bechtel would be entitled to payment of a settlement amount of   $30.0 million   (the  Settlement Amount ). Our sole liability and Bechtel s sole remedy arising out of the Framework Agreement will be our obligation to pay, and Bechtel s right to receive, respectively, the Settlement Amount. Any and all other previously existing claims, demands or actions between Bechtel and us arising out of the GmP LLC Agreement and ancillary-related agreements, whether known or unknown (including Bechtel s previously asserted breach claim for   $120.0 million  ), were released upon our delivery of a letter of credit equal in value to the Settlement Amount on March 2, 2016. 
  In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized the   $30.0 million   potential Settlement Amount, payment of which is contingent upon determination in Bechtel s sole discretion not to restart the mPower program. In addition, provisions of the Framework Agreement result in the deconsolidation of GmP and the associated recognition of an approximate   $13.6 million   gain upon deconsolidation. 
  As BWXT has previously disclosed, the latest extension to the Cooperative Agreement with the DOE has expired and the DOE funding has been suspended. 
   
  NOTE   7     DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
  Our international operations give rise to exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange ( FX ) rates. We use derivative financial instruments, primarily FX forward contracts, to reduce the impact of changes in FX rates on our operating results. We use these instruments primarily to hedge our exposure associated with revenues or costs on our long-term contracts that are denominated in currencies other than our operating entities  functional currencies. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. 
  We enter into derivative financial instruments primarily as hedges of certain firm purchase and sale commitments denominated in foreign currencies. We record these contracts at fair value on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Based on the hedge designation at the inception of the contract, the related gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in stockholders  equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Any ineffective portion of a derivative s change in fair value and any portion excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are immediately recognized in other   net on our condensed consolidated statements of income. The gain or loss on a derivative instrument not designated as a hedging instrument is also immediately recognized in earnings. Gains and losses on derivative financial instruments that require immediate recognition are included as a component of other   net in our condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  We have designated all of our FX forward contracts that qualify for hedge accounting as cash flow hedges. The hedged risk is the risk of changes in functional-currency-equivalent cash flows attributable to changes in FX spot rates of forecasted transactions related to long-term contracts. We exclude from our assessment of effectiveness the portion of the fair value of the FX forward contracts attributable to the difference between FX spot rates and FX forward rates. At   September 30, 2016  , we had deferred approximately   $0.4 million   of net losses on these derivative financial instruments in accumulated other comprehensive income. Assuming market conditions continue, we expect to recognize substantially all of this amount in the next 12 months. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016  , our derivative financial instruments consisted of FX forward contracts. The notional value of our FX forward contracts totaled   $39.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  , with maturities extending to   June 2017  . These instruments consist primarily of contracts to purchase or sell Canadian dollars. We are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to derivative financial instruments. We attempt to mitigate this risk by using major financial institutions with high credit ratings. The counterparties to all of our FX forward contracts are financial institutions included in our credit facility. Our hedge counterparties have the benefit of the same collateral arrangements and covenants as described under our credit facility. 
  The following tables summarize our derivative financial instruments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

The effects of derivatives on our financial statements are outlined below: 

19 

Table of Contents  

NOTE   8     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  Investments 
  The following is a summary of our investments measured at fair value at   September 30, 2016  : 

The following is a summary of our investments measured at fair value at   December 31, 2015  : 

We estimate the fair value of investments based on quoted market prices. For investments for which there are no quoted market prices, we derive fair values from available yield curves for investments of similar quality and terms. 
  Derivatives 
  Level 2 derivative assets and liabilities currently consist of FX forward contracts. Where applicable, the value of these derivative assets and liabilities is computed by discounting the projected future cash flow amounts to present value using market-based observable inputs, including FX forward and spot rates, interest rates and counterparty performance risk adjustments. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had forward contracts outstanding to purchase or sell Canadian dollars, with a total fair value of   $(1.3) million   and   $(3.9) million  , respectively. 
  Other Financial Instruments 
  We used the following methods and assumptions in estimating our fair value disclosures for our other financial instruments, as follows: 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents  . The carrying amounts that we have reported in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents approximate their fair values due to their highly liquid nature. 
  Long-term and short-term debt  . We base the fair values of debt instruments on quoted market prices. Where quoted prices are not available, we base the fair values on the present value of future cash flows discounted at estimated borrowing rates for similar debt instruments or on estimated prices based on current yields for debt issues of similar quality and terms. The fair value of our debt instruments approximated their carrying value at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  NOTE   9     STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
  Total stock-based compensation expense for all of our plans recognized for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   totaled   $2.9 million   and   $2.9 million  , respectively, with associated tax benefit totaling   $1.1 million   and   $1.0 million  , respectively. Total stock-based compensation for all of our plans recognized for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   totaled   $9.6 million   and   $24.4 million  , respectively, with associated tax benefit totaling   $3.4 million   and   $8.3 million  , respectively. 
  We recognized   $13.2 million   of stock-based compensation expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as costs to spin-off the Power Generation business. This expense related primarily to equity retention awards and expense acceleration associated with employee terminations. 
   
  NOTE   10     ACCELERATED SHARE REPURCHASE AGREEMENT 
  On September 15, 2016, the Company entered into a   $200 million   accelerated share repurchase agreement (the  ASR Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells Fargo ). Pursuant to the terms of the ASR Agreement, on September 16, 2016, the Company paid Wells Fargo   $200 million   in cash and received   4,135,435   shares of the Company s common stock. The final number of shares to be repurchased will be based on the volume-weighted average stock price of the Company s common stock during the term of the ASR Agreement, less a customary discount. At settlement, under certain circumstances, Wells Fargo may be required to deliver additional shares of common stock to the Company, or under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to deliver shares of common stock or to make a cash payment, at its election, to Wells Fargo. Final settlement of the ASR Agreement is expected to be completed no later than the first quarter of 2017. 
  The initial repurchase of shares under the ASR Agreement resulted in an immediate reduction of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share. The ASR Agreement was accounted for as a treasury stock transaction and forward stock purchase contract. The shares delivered were recorded in treasury stock and the unsettled portion of the ASR Agreement was recorded in capital in excess of par value in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. The forward stock purchase contract is considered indexed to the Company s own stock and is classified as an equity instrument. 
  
   21 

Table of Contents  

NOTE   11     SEGMENT REPORTING 
  As described in   Note 1  , our operations are assessed based on   three   reportable segments. An analysis of our operations by reportable segment is as follows: 

(1) 
    Segment revenues are net of the following intersegment transfers and other adjustments: 

(2) 
    Unallocated corporate includes general corporate overhead not allocated to segments. 
     
   22 

Table of Contents  

NOTE   12     EARNINGS PER SHARE 
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

23 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  The following information should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included under Item 1 of this report and the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Item 7 "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (our "  2015   10-K"). 
  In this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise indicates, "we," "us" and "our" mean BWX Technologies, Inc. ("BWXT") and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  We are including the following discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties that can affect our company and to take advantage of the "safe harbor" protection for forward-looking statements that applicable federal securities law affords. 
  From time to time, our management or persons acting on our behalf make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security holders about our company. In addition, various statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including those that express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Statements and assumptions regarding expectations and projections of specific projects, our future backlog, revenues, income and capital spending, acquisitions or divestitures, return of capital activities or margin improvement initiatives are examples of forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by words such as "estimate," "project," "predict," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "seek," "goal," "could," "intend," "may," "should" or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. In addition, sometimes we will specifically describe a statement as being a forward-looking statement and refer to this cautionary statement. 
  We have based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our industries and our company. We caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance and you should not rely unduly on them, as they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we cannot predict. In addition, we have based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that may prove to be inaccurate. While our management considers these assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from the future performance that we have expressed or forecast in our forward-looking statements. 
  We believe the items we have outlined above are important factors that could cause estimates in our financial statements to differ materially from actual results and those expressed in a forward-looking statement made in this report or elsewhere by us or on our behalf. Differences between actual results and any future performance suggested in our forward-looking statements could result from a variety of factors. We have discussed many of these factors in more detail elsewhere in this report and in Item 1A "Risk Factors" in our   2015   10-K. These factors are not necessarily all the factors that could affect us. Unpredictable or unanticipated factors we have not discussed in this report could also have material adverse effects on actual results of matters that are the subject of our forward-looking statements. We do not intend to update our description of important factors each time a potential important factor arises, except as required by applicable securities laws and regulations. We advise our security holders that they should (1) be aware that factors not referred to above could affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements and (2) use caution and common sense when considering our forward-looking statements. 
   
  GENERAL 
  We operate in three reportable segments: Nuclear Operations, Technical Services and Nuclear Energy. In general, we operate in capital-intensive industries and rely on large contracts for a substantial amount of our revenues. We are currently exploring growth strategies across our segments through acquisitions to expand and complement our existing businesses. We would expect to fund these opportunities with cash on hand or by raising additional capital through debt, equity or some combination thereof. 
  Nuclear Operations Segment 
  The revenues of our Nuclear Operations segment are largely a function of defense spending by the U.S. Government. Through this segment, we engineer, design and manufacture precision naval nuclear components and reactors for the DOE/ 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

NNSA's Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program. As a supplier of major nuclear components for certain U.S. Government programs, this segment is a significant participant in the defense industry. 
  Technical Services Segment 
  The revenues and equity in income of investees of our Technical Services segment are largely a function of spending by the U.S. Government and the performance scores we and our consortium partners earn in managing and operating high-consequence operations at U.S. nuclear weapons sites and national laboratories. With its specialized capabilities of full life-cycle management of special materials, facilities and technologies, we believe our Technical Services segment is well-positioned to continue to participate in the continuing cleanup, operation and management of critical government-owned nuclear sites, laboratories and manufacturing complexes maintained by the DOE, NASA and other federal agencies. 
  Nuclear Energy Segment 
  Through this segment, we design, license, manufacture and deliver commercial nuclear steam generators, pressure vessels, reactor components, heat exchangers and other auxiliary equipment, including containers for the storage of spent nuclear fuel. This segment also is a significant supplier to nuclear power utilities undergoing major refurbishment projects.   
  Our Nuclear Energy segment s overall activity primarily depends on the demand and competitiveness of nuclear energy. The activity of this segment depends on the timing of maintenance outages primarily in the Canadian market and the cyclical nature of capital expenditures and major refurbishments for nuclear utility customers, which could cause variability in our financial results.   
  GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy Canada Inc. Acquisition 
  On August 18, 2016, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire all of the shares of GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy Canada Inc. ( GEH-C ). GEH-C is a leading supplier of nuclear fuel, fuel handling systems, delivery systems and replacement components for CANDU reactors. The transaction is expected to be completed, subject to required Canadian regulatory reviews and other closing conditions, during the fourth quarter of 2016. Following successful completion of the transaction, GEH-C would be reported as part of our Nuclear Energy segment. GEH-C will expand our current commercial nuclear product and service portfolio and allow us to leverage our technology-based competencies in offering new products and services related to plant life extensions as well as the ongoing maintenance of nuclear power generation equipment. 
  Power Generation Spin-off 
  On June 30, 2015, we completed the spin-off of our former Power Generation business (the "spin-off") into an independent, publicly traded company named Babcock   Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. ("BWE"). The separation was effected through a pro rata distribution of 100% of BWE s common stock to BWXT s stockholders. The distribution consisted of one share of BWE common stock for every two shares of BWXT common stock to holders of BWXT common stock on the record date of June 18, 2015. Cash was paid in lieu of any fractional shares of BWE common stock. BWXT did not retain any ownership interest in BWE following the spin-off. 
  Prior to June 30, 2015, we completed an internal restructuring that separated the subsidiaries involved in our former Power Generation business and established BWE as the direct or indirect parent company of all those subsidiaries. Concurrent with the spin-off, The Babcock   Wilcox Company changed its name to BWX Technologies, Inc. 
    
  The results of operations for the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2015   reflect the historical operations of our former Power Generation business as discontinued operations. See   Note 2   for further information regarding the spin-off of BWE. The discussions in this quarterly report are presented on the basis of continuing operations, unless otherwise stated. 
  mPower Framework Agreement 
  On March 2, 2016, we entered into a framework agreement with Bechtel Power Corporation ("Bechtel"), BWXT Modular Reactors, LLC and BDC NexGen Power, LLC for the potential restructuring and restart of our mPower small modular reactor program (the "Framework Agreement"). As a result of entering into the Framework Agreement, we have deconsolidated GmP from our financial statements as of the date of the Framework Agreement. We recorded a gain of approximately   $13.6 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   related to the deconsolidation of GmP as a component of other - net in our condensed consolidated statement of income. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

For additional information on the Framework Agreement, see   Note 6   to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  For a summary of the critical accounting policies and estimates that we use in the preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, see Item 7 "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our   2015   10-K. There have been no material changes to our policies during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  Accounting for Contracts 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , in accordance with the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, we have provided for our estimated costs to complete all of our ongoing contracts. However, it is possible that current estimates could change due to unforeseen events, which could result in adjustments to overall contract costs. A principal risk on fixed-priced contracts is that revenue from the customer is insufficient to cover increases in our costs. It is possible that current estimates could materially change for various reasons, including, but not limited to, fluctuations in forecasted labor productivity or steel and other raw material prices. In some instances, we guarantee completion dates related to our projects or provide performance guarantees. Increases in costs on our fixed-price contracts could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Alternatively, reductions in overall contract costs at completion could materially improve our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we recognized net changes in estimates related to long-term contracts accounted for on the percentage-of-completion basis, which increased operating income by approximately   $15.8 million   and   $14.5 million  , respectively. 
   
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     THREE AND NINE   MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   VS.   THREE AND NINE   MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2015    
  Selected financial highlights are presented in the table below: 

26 

Table of Contents  

Consolidated Results of Operations 
  Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Consolidated revenues   increased     5.7%  , or   $20.5 million  ,   to     $379.5 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $359.0 million   for the corresponding period in   2015  . The Nuclear Operations segment experienced a $13.6 million increase in revenues in addition to increases in our Technical Services and Nuclear Energy segments totaling $4.9 million and $3.3 million, respectively. 
  Consolidated operating income   decreased     $68.6 million     to     $62.4 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $131.0 million   for the corresponding period of   2015   primarily due to the recording of $65.7 million of income related to litigation proceeds during the three months ended September 30, 2015. Operating income in our Nuclear Operations, Technical Services and Nuclear Energy segments decreased $0.2 million, $3.7 million and $0.4 million, respectively, which was partially offset by a $0.5 million improvement in our Other segment and a decrease in unallocated corporate expenses of $0.9 million. 
  Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Consolidated revenues   increased     9.0%  , or   $95.1 million  ,   to     $1,146.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $1,051.6 million   for the corresponding period in   2015  , due to increases in revenues from our Nuclear Operations, Technical Services and Nuclear Energy segments totaling $58.3 million, $10.4 million and $26.3 million, respectively. 
  Consolidated operating income   decreased     $2.9 million     to     $193.4 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $196.3 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  . Operating income in the Nuclear Energy segment increased $34.8 million due to increased revenue related to our Canadian nuclear service and equipment businesses and the reversal of a $16.1 million loss contingency that resulted from a favorable ruling in a lawsuit involving commercial nuclear contracts. We also experienced improvements in our Other segment of $6.9 million and a decrease in unallocated corporate expenses of $7.2 million. These increases were offset by the recording of a $30.0 million charge related to the mPower Framework Agreement during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded income of $65.7 million related to litigation proceeds which was partially offset by special charges for restructuring activities totaling $16.6 million, costs to spin-off the Power Generation business totaling $26.0 million and a $2.2 million Mark to Market Adjustment. 
   
  Nuclear Operations 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Revenues   increased     4.5%  , or   $13.6 million  ,   to     $316.9 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $303.3 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to increased activity in the manufacturing of nuclear components for U.S. Government programs. 
  Operating income   decreased     $0.2 million     to     $62.5 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $62.7 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  . The operating income associated with the increase in revenue related to the manufacturing of nuclear components for U.S. Government programs noted above and an increase in operating income at our naval nuclear fuel and downblending operations was offset by an increase in overhead and selling, general and administrative expenses. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Revenues   increased     6.6%  , or   $58.3 million  ,   to     $937.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $879.5 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  . The increase was primarily attributable to increased activity in the manufacturing of nuclear components for U.S. Government programs. 
  Operating income of   $191.9 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was unchanged compared to the corresponding period of   2015  . The operating income associated with the increase in revenue related to the manufacturing of nuclear components for U.S. Government programs noted above was offset by an increase in overhead and selling, general and administrative expenses. In addition, a $3.0 million benefit from the settlement of a property-related insurance claim as well as contract improvements in our naval nuclear fuel and downblending business occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
   
  Technical Services 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Revenues   increased     23.1%  , or   $4.9 million  ,   to     $26.2 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $21.3 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  . This increase is primarily attributable to higher activity at our Naval Reactor decommissioning and decontamination project. 
  Operating income   decreased     $3.7 million     to     $4.7 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $8.3 million   in the corresponding period of   2015  , primarily attributable to improved fee performance at several of our sites as well as favorable billing rate adjustments that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2015. In addition, we also experienced higher selling, general and administrative expenses of $1.7 million related to an increase in business development activities caused by the timing of proposal activities. 
  Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Revenues   increased     16.9%  , or   $10.4 million  ,   to     $71.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $61.4 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  , primarily attributable to higher activity at our Naval Reactor decommissioning and decontamination project. 
  Operating income   decreased     $0.8 million     to     $14.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $15.5 million   in the corresponding period of   2015  , primarily attributable to improved fee performance at several of our sites as well as favorable billing rate adjustments that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In addition, we also experienced higher selling, general and administrative expenses of $0.7 million related to an increase in business development activities caused by the timing of proposal activities. 
   
  Nuclear Energy 

28 

     Table of Contents  

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Revenues   increased     9.3%  , or   $3.3 million  ,   to     $38.2 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $34.9 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  . The increase in revenues was driven by an $8.6 million increase in our nuclear equipment business primarily due to steam generator design and manufacturing work associated with major life extension and refurbishment projects for the Canadian nuclear market, as well as our China steam generator project. These increases were partially offset by a decline in outage and inspection work in the United States and Canada of $2.9 million. 
  Operating income   decreased     $0.4 million     to     $1.0 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $1.4 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  . The decrease in operating income was primarily due to the decline in revenue associated with our services business in the United States and Canada noted above. This decrease was partially offset by the operating income improvement associated with the higher revenues in our equipment business noted above. Lower selling, general and administrative expenses resulted in additional operating income improvements when compared to the same period of the prior year. 
  Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Revenues   increased     23.2%  , or   $26.3 million  ,   to     $139.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $113.4 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  . This increase is primarily attributable to our services business in Canada, which experienced a higher volume of outage projects when compared to the same period of the prior year, resulting in an increase in revenue of $22.0 million. In addition, revenue in our nuclear equipment business increased $12.6 million primarily due to steam generator design and manufacturing work associated with major life extension and refurbishment projects for the Canadian nuclear market, as well as the China steam generator project. These increases were partially offset by a decline in service projects in the United States as well as the $4.9 million unfavorable impact of the translation of our Canadian dollar denominated contracts into U.S. dollars when compared to the same period of the prior year. 
  Operating income   increased     $34.8 million     to     $34.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to     $0.1 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  , primarily attributable to the reversal of a $16.1 million loss contingency resulting from a favorable ruling in a lawsuit involving commercial nuclear contracts. In addition, the increase in revenue associated with our Canadian nuclear service and equipment businesses noted above combined to increase operating income by $13.1 million. Lower selling, general and administrative expenses resulted in additional operating income improvements of $2.3 million when compared to nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
   
  Other 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Operating income   increased     $0.5 million     to a loss of     $1.9 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to a loss of     $2.4 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  , due to the slowing pace of development related to our previously announced plans to restructure the mPower program. Research and development activities and selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $0.4 million compared to the same period in   2015  . 
  Nine months ended     September 30, 2016   vs.   2015    
  Operating income   increased     $6.9 million     to a loss of     $5.1 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared   to a loss of     $12.0 million   for the corresponding period of   2015  , due to the slowing pace of development related to our previously announced plans to restructure the mPower program. Research and development activities decreased $4.8 million and selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $2.1 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
  
   29 

Table of Contents  

Unallocated Corporate 
  Unallocated corporate expenses   decreased     $0.9 million   to   $3.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $4.8 million   for the corresponding period of   2015   primarily due to favorable healthcare costs when compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. 
  Unallocated corporate expenses   decreased     $7.2 million   to   $12.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $20.1 million   for the corresponding period of   2015   primarily due to lower general corporate overhead resulting from the spin-off, which allowed the Company to reduce expenses that were previously incurred to support a larger organization. 
  Unallocated corporate expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 include certain expenses that were incurred to manage and provide corporate support of a larger consolidated group prior to the spin-off of the Power Generation business. General corporate overhead expenses that were not specifically identifiable with our former Power Generation business are reflected as part of continuing operations for the historical financial statements. 
   
  Special Charges for Restructuring Activities 
  Operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included special charges for restructuring activities totaling $16.6 million primarily related to asset impairments recognized as a result of the significant adverse changes in the business prospects of the mPower program.  
   
  Provision for Income Taxes 

We primarily operate in the United States and Canada, and we recognize our consolidated income tax provision based on the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35% due to the presumed repatriation of our Canadian earnings. 
  Our effective tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   33.0%   as compared to   32.6%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was lower than our statutory rate primarily due to the remeasurement of uncertain tax positions as a result of the close of a previously ongoing IRS audit as well as adjustments related to the filing of our 2014 U.S. tax return. 
  Our effective tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   31.2%   as compared to   35.4%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was lower than our statutory rate primarily due to the   $13.6 million   gain recognized related to the deconsolidation of GmP. The effective tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was impacted by the spin-off of our former Power Generation business. Specifically, we recognized $3.8 million of tax provision due to the change in our tax footprint associated with the spin-off, resulting in the revaluations of deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as the need to recognize tax provision on our global earnings at our U.S. federal rate due to the likely repatriation of future foreign earnings. These amounts were offset by the remeasurement of uncertain tax positions and adjustments related to the filing of our 2014 U.S. tax return discussed above. 
   
  Backlog 
  Backlog is not a measure recognized by generally accepted accounting principles. It is possible that our methodology for determining backlog may not be comparable to methods used by other companies. We generally include expected revenue in our backlog when we receive written confirmation from our customers authorizing the performance of work and committing the customer to payment for work performed. We are subject to the budgetary and appropriation cycle of the U.S. Government as it relates to our Nuclear Operations and Technical Services segments. Backlog may not be indicative of future operating  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

results and projects in our backlog may be canceled, modified or otherwise altered by customers. We do not include orders of our unconsolidated joint ventures in backlog. These unconsolidated joint ventures are primarily included in our Technical Services segment. 

Of the   September 30, 2016   backlog, we expect to recognize revenues as follows: 

At   September 30, 2016  , Nuclear Operations backlog with the U.S. Government was   $2,970.2 million  , of which   $266.2 million   had not yet been funded. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , Technical Services backlog with the U.S. Government was   $10.1 million  , all of which was funded. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , Nuclear Energy had no backlog with the U.S. Government. 
  Major new awards from the U.S. Government are typically received following congressional approval of the budget for the government s next fiscal year, which starts October 1, and may not be awarded to us before the end of the calendar year. Due to the fact that most contracts awarded by the U.S. Government are subject to these annual funding approvals, the total values of the underlying programs are significantly larger. In April 2016, we were awarded a component and fuel contract, along with a three-year downblending contract by the U.S. Government with a combined value in excess of   $3.0 billion  . Approximately   $1.4 billion   of these awards were added to backlog during the   nine   months ended September 30, 2016. 
  The value of unexercised options as of   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $1.6 billion  , which are expected to be exercised periodically through 2018, subject to annual congressional appropriations. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Credit Facility 
  On September 2, 2016, we entered into an amendment (the  Amendment ) to our Credit Agreement dated May 11, 2015 with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain lenders and letter of credit issuers party thereto (collectively, the  Amended Credit Agreement ). Prior to the Amendment, our Credit Agreement provided for a five-year, senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount of up to   $400 million  , the full amount of which is available for the issuance of letters of credit, and a senior secured term loan facility of   $300 million  , which was drawn on June 30, 2015. The Amendment added a new U.S. dollar term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to   $112.5 million  , which was drawn on September 16, 2016, and a new Canadian dollar term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to the equivalent of   $137.5 million   U.S. dollars, which may be drawn in a single drawing at any time prior to December 31, 2016 (collectively, the  Incremental Term Loans ). All obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are scheduled to mature on June 30, 2020. The proceeds of loans under the Amended Credit Agreement are available for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

The Amended Credit Agreement includes provisions for additional financial institutions to become lenders, or for any existing lender to increase its commitment thereunder, subject to an aggregate maximum of   $250 million   for all additional term loans, revolving credit borrowings and letter of credit commitments. 
  The Amended Credit Agreement is (i) guaranteed by substantially all of our wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, excluding our captive insurance subsidiary, and (ii) secured by first-priority liens on certain assets owned by us and the guarantors (other than our subsidiaries comprising our Nuclear Operations and Technical Services segments). 
  The Amended Credit Agreement requires interest payments on revolving loans on a periodic basis until maturity. We began making quarterly amortization payments on the   $300 million   term loan in an amount equal to   1.25%   of the aggregate principal amount in the first quarter of 2016. We are required to make quarterly amortization payments on the Incremental Term Loans equal to   1.25%   of the aggregate principal amount beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016. We may prepay all loans under the Amended Credit Agreement at any time without premium or penalty (other than customary Eurocurrency Rate breakage costs), subject to notice requirements. 
  The Amended Credit Agreement includes financial covenants that are tested on a quarterly basis, based on the rolling four-quarter period that ends on the last day of each fiscal quarter. The maximum permitted leverage ratio is   3.00   to   1.00  , which may be increased to   3.25   to   1.00   for up to four consecutive fiscal quarters after a material acquisition. The minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio is   4.00   to   1.00  . In addition, the Amended Credit Agreement contains various restrictive covenants, including with respect to debt, liens, investments, mergers, acquisitions, dividends, equity repurchases and asset sales. At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all covenants set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
  Outstanding loans denominated in U.S. dollars under the Amended Credit Agreement bear interest at our option at either the Eurocurrency Rate plus a margin ranging from   1.25%   to   1.75%   per year or the base rate (the highest of the Federal Funds rate plus   0.50%  , the one-month Eurocurrency Rate plus   1.0%  , or the administrative agent s prime rate) plus a margin ranging from   0.25%   to   0.75%   per year. Canadian dollar loans, if outstanding, will bear interest at the Eurocurrency Rate plus a margin ranging from   1.25%   to   1.75%   per year. We are charged a commitment fee on the unused portions of the revolving credit facility and the term loan facilities, and that fee varies between   0.15%   and   0.25%   per year. Additionally, we are charged a letter of credit fee of between   1.25%   and   1.75%   per year with respect to the amount of each financial letter of credit issued under the Amended Credit Agreement and a letter of credit fee of between   0.75%   and   1.05%   per year is charged with respect to the amount of each performance letter of credit issued under the Amended Credit Agreement. The applicable margin for loans, the commitment fee and the letter of credit fees set forth above will vary quarterly based on our leverage ratio. Upon the closing of the Credit Agreement and the subsequent Amendment, we paid certain upfront fees to the lenders thereunder, and paid arrangement and other fees to the arrangers and agents of the Amended Credit Agreement. At   September 30, 2016  , borrowings outstanding totaled   $401.3 million   and   $48.9 million   under our term loans and revolving line of credit, respectively, and letters of credit issued under the Amended Credit Agreement totaled   $111.5 million  . As a result, we had   $377.1 million   available for borrowings or to meet letter of credit requirements as of   September 30, 2016  , excluding the additional   $250 million   available to us for term loan, revolving credit borrowings and letter of credit commitments. As of   September 30, 2016  , the weighted-average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under our Amended Credit Agreement was   2.02%  . 
  Based on the current credit ratings of the Amended Credit Agreement, the applicable margin for Eurocurrency Rate loans is   1.25%   for the term loan facility drawn June 30, 2015 and   1.375%   for the Incremental Term Loans. The commitment fee for unused portions of the Incremental Term Loans is   0.175%  . The letter of credit fee for financial letters of credit is   1.25%  , and the letter of credit fee for performance letters of credit is   0.75%  . The commitment fee for unused portions of the revolving credit facility is   0.15%  . The applicable interest rate at   September 30, 2016   was   3.75%   per year for the revolving credit facility. The Amended Credit Agreement does not have a floor for the base rate or the Eurocurrency Rate. 
  The Amended Credit Agreement generally includes customary events of default for a secured credit facility, some of which allow for an opportunity to cure. If an event of default relating to bankruptcy or other insolvency events occurs under the Amended Credit Agreement, all obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement will immediately become due and payable. If any other event of default exists under the Amended Credit Agreement, the lenders will be permitted to accelerate the maturity of the obligations outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement. If any event of default occurs under the Amended Credit Agreement, the lenders will be permitted to terminate their commitments thereunder and exercise other rights and remedies, including the commencement of foreclosure or other actions against the collateral. 
  If any default occurs under the Amended Credit Agreement, or if we are unable to make any of the representations and warranties in the Amended Credit Agreement, we will be unable to borrow funds or have letters of credit issued under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

Other Arrangements 
  We have posted surety bonds to support contractual obligations to customers relating to certain projects. We utilize bonding facilities to support such obligations, but the issuance of bonds under those facilities is typically at the surety s discretion. Although there can be no assurance that we will maintain our surety bonding capacity, we believe our current capacity is adequate to support our existing project requirements for the next 12 months. In addition, these bonds generally indemnify customers should we fail to perform our obligations under the applicable contracts. We, and certain of our subsidiaries, have jointly executed general agreements of indemnity in favor of surety underwriters relating to surety bonds those underwriters issue in support of some of our contracting activity. As of   September 30, 2016  , bonds issued and outstanding under these arrangements in support of contracts totaled approximately   $19.5 million  .  
  Long-term Benefit Obligations 
  Our unfunded pension and postretirement benefit obligations totaled   $350.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  . These long-term liabilities are expected to require use of our resources to satisfy future funding obligations. We expect to make contributions of approximately   $1.7 million   for the remainder of   2016   related to our pension plans and postretirement plans. 
    
  Other 
  Our domestic and foreign cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and investments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows: 

We expect cash on hand, cash flow from operations and borrowing capacity under the Amended Credit Agreement to be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the next 12 months. 
  Our working capital   decreased   by approximately   $57.5 million   to   $236.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $293.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  , attributable to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents used in financing and investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease was partially offset by changes in net contracts in progress and advance billings due to the timing of project cash flows. 
  Our net cash   provided by   operations   decreased   by   $157.8 million   to   $81.1 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to cash   provided by   operations of   $238.9 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . This decrease in cash provided by operations was largely attributable to the changes in net contracts in progress and advance billings discussed above. 
  Our net cash   used in   investing activities   decreased   by   $14.7 million   to   $40.1 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to cash   used in   investing activities of   $54.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease in cash used in investing activities in 2016 was primarily attributable to a reduction in purchases of property, plant and equipment. 
  Our net cash   used in   financing activities   decreased   by   $203.8 million   to   $151.2 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to cash   used in   financing activities of   $355.0 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . This decrease in net cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable to the cash divested in connection with the spin-off of our former Power Generation business in the prior year totaling $307.6 million. This was partially offset by the increase in repurchases of common shares of $274.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and a net increase in borrowings under our credit facility of $150.2 million when compared to the same period in the prior year. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had restricted cash and cash equivalents totaling   $8.6 million  ,   $2.8 million   of which was held for future decommissioning of facilities (which we include in other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets) and   $5.8 million   of which was held to meet reinsurance reserve requirements of our captive insurer. 
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016  , we had investments with a fair value of   $22.0 million  . Our investment portfolio consists primarily of investments in corporate bonds, equities and highly liquid money market instruments. Our investments are carried at fair value and are either classified as trading, with unrealized gains and losses reported in earnings, or as available-for-sale, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a component of other comprehensive income. 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  Our exposures to market risks have not changed materially from those disclosed in Item 7A included in Part II of our   2015   10-K. 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
  As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) adopted by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )). Our disclosure controls and procedures were developed through a process in which our management applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable assurance regarding the control objectives. You should note that the design of any system of disclosure controls and procedures is based in part upon various assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot assure you that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. Based on the evaluation referred to above, our Chief 
  Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of   September 30, 2016   to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and such information is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   34 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
  OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  For information regarding ongoing investigations and litigation, see   Note 6   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I of this report, which we incorporate by reference into this Item. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  In addition to the other information in this report, the other factors presented in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2015 10-K are some of the factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  In November 2012, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program. The following table provides information on our purchases of equity securities during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . Any shares purchased that were not part of a publicly announced plan or program are related to repurchases of common stock pursuant to the provisions of employee benefit plans that permit the repurchase of shares to satisfy statutory tax withholding obligations. 

(1) 
    Includes   8,331   shares,   7,821   shares and   1,630   shares repurchased during   July  ,   August   and   September  , respectively, pursuant to the provisions of employee benefit plans that permit the repurchase of shares to satisfy statutory tax withholding obligations. 
              (2) 
    On November 4, 2015, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase an indeterminate number of shares of our common stock at an aggregate market value of up to $300 million during a two-year period that began on February 26, 2016 and expires on February 26, 2018. 
              (3) 
    Includes 4,135,435 shares purchased pursuant to the terms of our accelerated share repurchase agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association on September 16, 2016, which has reduced the aggregate market value of shares that may yet be purchased as part of our authorized repurchase program by $200 million. See Note 10 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I of this report for additional information regarding the accelerated share repurchase agreement. 
     
   35 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits 
  Exhibit 2.1* - Master Separation Agreement dated as of July 2, 2010 between McDermott International, Inc. and BWXT (formerly The Babcock   Wilcox Company) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to The Babcock   Wilcox Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (File No. 1-34658)). 
  Exhibit 2.2* - Master Separation Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2015, between BWXT (formerly The Babcock   Wilcox Company) and Babcock   Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to BWXT s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2015 (File No. 1-34658)). 
  Exhibit 3.1* - Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BWXT (formerly The Babcock   Wilcox Company) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to The Babcock   Wilcox Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (File No. 1-34658)). 
  Exhibit 3.2* - Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to BWXT s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 (File No. 1-34658)). 
  Exhibit 3.3* - Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to BWXT s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2015 (File No. 1-34658)). 
  Exhibit 4.1* - Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated September 2, 2016, entered into by and among BWX Technologies, Inc., certain lenders and letter of credit issuers executing the signature pages thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and acknowledged by certain subsidiaries of BWX Technologies, Inc., as guarantors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016 (File No. 1-34658)). 
  Exhibit 10.1   +    - Form of Amendment to Change in Control Agreement, dated July 1, 2016, between the Company and certain officers. 
  Exhibit 10.2 - Accelerated share repurchase confirmation, dated September 15, 2016, between the Company and Wells Fargo, National Association. 
  Exhibit 31.1 - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
  Exhibit 31.2 - Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
  Exhibit 32.1 - Section 1350 certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
  Exhibit 32.2 - Section 1350 certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
  101.INS - XBRL Instance Document 
  101.SCH - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
  101.CAL - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
  101.LAB - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
  101.PRE - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
  101.DEF - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
    
                 *    
    Incorporated by reference to the filing indicated. 

+ 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

36 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

/s/ David S. Black 

By: 
       
    David S. Black 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized 

Representative) 

/s/ Jason S. Kerr 

By: 
       
    Jason S. Kerr 

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized 

Representative) 

October 31, 2016 

37 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX    
                 Exhibit 
  Number 
    Description 
      2.1* 
    Master Separation Agreement dated as of July 2, 2010 between McDermott International, Inc. and BWXT (formerly The Babcock   Wilcox Company) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to The Babcock   Wilcox Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (File No. 1-34658)). 

2.2* 
    Master Separation Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2015, between BWXT (formerly The Babcock   Wilcox Company) and Babcock   Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to BWXT s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2015 (File No. 1-34658)). 

3.1* 
    Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BWXT (formerly The Babcock   Wilcox Company) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to The Babcock   Wilcox Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (File No. 1-34658)). 

3.2* 
    Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to BWXT s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 (File No. 1-34658)). 

3.3* 
    Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to BWXT s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2015 (File No. 1-34658)). 

4.1* 
    Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated September 2, 2016, entered into by and among BWX Technologies, Inc., certain lenders and letter of credit issuers executing the signature pages thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and acknowledged by certain subsidiaries of BWX Technologies, Inc., as guarantors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016 (File No. 1-34658)). 

10.1   +  
    Form of Amendment to Change in Control Agreement, dated July 1, 2016, between the Company and certain officers. 

10.2 
    Accelerated share repurchase confirmation, dated September 15, 2016, between the Company and Wells Fargo, National Association. 

31.1 
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
    Section 1350 certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 
    Section 1350 certification of Chief Financial Officer.  

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

*    
    Incorporated by reference to the filing indicated. 

+ 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

38 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101_93016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.1 

AMENDMENT TO CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT 
  This Amendment to Change in Control Agreement (this  Amendment ) is made and entered into as of July 1, 2016, by and between BWX Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) and ___________________ ( Executive ). 
  WHEREAS, the Company and Executive are parties to that certain Change in Control Agreement dated July 1, 2015   1      (the  Agreement  
  WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to make certain clarifying modifications to the Agreement, as more specifically set forth in this Amendment; and  
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Executive and Company, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 
           1. 
    [Section 15 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following in lieu thereof: 
       
     Conflicts  :  This Agreement, together with any valid amendment, constitutes the entire understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes any other agreement or other understanding, whether oral or written, express or implied, between them concerning, related to or otherwise in connection with, the subject matter hereof. ]   2   
           2. 
    Section 18 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following in lieu thereof: 
       
     Term  :  The effective date of this Agreement shall commence on [July 1, 2015]   3      (   Effective Date   ) and shall end on the earlier of (a) subject to extension in order to give effect to the notice and cure provisions contained in the definition of Good Reason, the 30-month anniversary of the date a Change in Control occurs, or (b) the date on which Executive experiences a Separation from Service under circumstances that do not constitute a Covered Termination; provided that terms of this Agreement which must survive the termination this Agreement in order to be effectuated (including the provisions of Sections 2, 3, 6, 7 and 8) will survive.  
           3. 
    Exhibit A of the Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
       
  The definition of    Covered Termination    is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following in lieu thereof: 

__________________________ 
   1    October 26, 2015 for Rex Geveden 
   2    This paragraph was not included in the amendments for John Fees and James Canafax 
   3    October 26, 2015 for Rex Geveden 

Covered Termination    means, during the term of this Agreement (the    Protection Period   ), there occurs a termination of Executive s employment (such that Executive ceases to be employed by the Company or an Affiliate) that is a  Separation from Service  (as defined in Code Section 409A and the Treasury regulations and guidance issued thereunder) within the 30-month period following a Change in Control (i) by the Company or an Affiliate for a reason other than Cause or other than Executive s Disability or (ii) by Executive for Good Reason (in either case, not including Executive s death).  
  The first sentence of the last paragraph in the definition of    Good Reason    is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following in lieu thereof: 
   If any of the events described above occurs during the term of this Agreement within the 30-month period following a Change in Control     (an    Event   ), Executive shall give the Company written notice (the    Executive Notice   ) within sixty (60) days following Executive s knowledge of an Event that Executive intends to terminate employment as a result.  
  [The definition of    Restructuring Transaction Retention Agreement    is hereby deleted in its entirety.]   4   
           4. 
    Except as expressly provided in this Amendment, the Agreement remains in full force and effect.  As of the date hereof, references to the Agreement contained in the Agreement shall be deemed to mean the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 
              5. 
    This Amendment may be executed in several counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
              6. 
    The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Amendment will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, but without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such State. 
       
  {Signatures appear on the following page} 

__________________________ 
   4    This sentence was not included in the amendments for Messrs. Fees, Canafax, Geveden and Bill Fox. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Executive have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written. 
    
  COMPANY 

By: ___________________________ 
  Name:  
  Title:  

EXECUTIVE 
    
  ______________________________ 
  Name:  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exhibit102_93016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.2 
    
               FIXED $$ DISCOUNTED SHARE BUYBACK ( DSB ) WITH INITIAL DELIVERY 

The purpose of this communication (this    Confirmation   ) is to confirm the terms and conditions of the transaction entered into between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (   Wells Fargo   ) and BWX Technologies, Inc. (   Counterparty   ) on the Trade Date specified below (the    Transaction   ).  This Confirmation constitutes     a  Confirmation  as referred to in the Agreement specified below. 
  This Confirmation is subject to, and incorporates, the definitions and provisions contained in the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the    Equity     Definitions   ), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (   ISDA   ).  In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail. 
           1. 
    This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between Wells Fargo and Counterparty as to the terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates.  This Confirmation shall supplement, form a part of, and be subject to an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (the    Agreement   ) as if Wells Fargo and Counterparty had executed an agreement in such form (but without any Schedule except for the election of (i) the law (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of New York as the governing law and (ii) United States dollars as the Termination Currency) on the Trade Date.  In the event of any inconsistency between provisions of the Agreement and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates.  The parties hereby agree that no Transaction other than the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates shall be governed by the Agreement.  This Transaction is a Share Forward Transaction within the meaning set forth in the Equity Definitions. 
       
           2. 
    The terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 
                    General Terms: 
      
      Trade Date: 
    September 15, 2016 
      Seller: 
    Wells Fargo 
      Buyer: 
    Counterparty 
      Shares: 
    The common stock of Counterparty (the    Issuer   ), par value USD 0.01 per share (NYSE ticker symbol:  BWXT ) 
      Variable Obligation: 
    Applicable 
      VWAP Price: 
    For any Averaging Date, the 10b-18 volume-weighted average price per Share at which the Shares trade for the regular trading session (including any extensions thereof) of the Exchange on such Averaging Date (without regard to pre-open or after hours trading outside of such regular trading session), as reported by Bloomberg at 4:15 p.m. New York City time (or 15 minutes following the end of any extension of the regular trading session) on such Averaging Date, on Bloomberg Page  BWXT  Equity  AQR_SEC  (or any successor thereto).  If such price is not reported on such Averaging Date for any reason or is, in the Calculation Agent s good faith and commercially reasonable discretion, erroneous, such VWAP Price shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
      Exchange: 
    New York Stock Exchange 
      Related Exchange(s): 
    All Exchanges 

Prepayment: 
    Applicable 
      Prepayment Date: 
    As specified in Appendix A. 
      Prepayment Amount: 
    As specified in Appendix A. 
      Initial Shares: 
    As specified in Appendix A. 
      Initial Share Delivery Date: 
    The Prepayment Date. On the Initial Share Delivery Date, Wells Fargo shall deliver a number of Shares equal to the Initial Shares to Counterparty in accordance with Section 9.4 of the Equity Definitions, with the Initial Share Delivery Date deemed to be a  Settlement Date  for purposes of such Section 9.4. 
      Valuation Terms: 
      
      Valuation Date: 
    As specified in Appendix A. 
      Averaging: 
    Applicable 
      Averaging Dates: 
    As specified in Appendix A. 
      Averaging Period: 
    All Averaging Dates. 
      Averaging Period Start Date: 
    As specified in Appendix A. 
      Settlement Price: 
    For the     Valuation Date, the arithmetic average of the VWAP Price on each Averaging Date for such Valuation Date   minus   the Settlement Price Adjustment. 
      Settlement Price Adjustment: 
    As specified in Appendix A. 
      Valuation Disruption: 
    The definition of  Market Disruption Event  in Section 6.3(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing the words  at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, Latest Exercise Time, Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be  with  at any time on any Scheduled Trading Day during the Averaging Period  in the third line thereof. 
  Section 6.3(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the remainder of the provision following the term  Scheduled Closing Time  in the fourth line thereof. 
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, if any Averaging Date in the Averaging Period is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall have the option in its commercially reasonable discretion either (i) to elect to extend the Averaging Period by a number of Scheduled Trading Days equal to the number of Disrupted Days during the Averaging Period and/or (ii) determine that such Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day only in part, in which case the Calculation Agent shall (x) determine the VWAP Price for such Disrupted Day based on trades that are reported during the period of time during which Counterparty could purchase its own shares under Rule 10b-18(b)(2) and are effected pursuant to the conditions of Rule 10b-18(b)(3), each under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    Exchange Act   ), on such Disrupted Day taking into account the nature and duration of such Market Disruption Event and (y) determine the Settlement Price based on an appropriately weighted average instead of the arithmetic average described under  Settlement Price  below, with such adjustments based on, among other factors, the duration of any Market Disruption Event and the volume, historical trading patterns and price of the Shares. Any day on which the Exchange is scheduled to close prior to its normal closing time shall be considered a Disrupted Day in whole. 
      Settlement Terms: 
      
      Settlement Currency: 
    USD 
      Settlement Method: 
    If the Settlement Amount is greater than zero, Physical Settlement shall be applicable, and on the Settlement Date, Wells Fargo shall deliver to Counterparty a number of Shares equal to the Settlement Amount.   
  If the Settlement Amount is less than zero, Cash Settlement shall be applicable, and Counterparty shall deliver the Cash Settlement Amount to Wells Fargo in accordance with  Cash Settlement of Payment Shares  below;   provided   that, in lieu of payment of the Cash Settlement Amount, Counterparty may elect to physically settle its obligations hereunder by delivering to Wells Fargo a notice by no later than the Valuation Date electing to deliver the Payment Shares on the Settlement Date. The delivery of Shares by Counterparty must be effected pursuant to Section 12 of this Confirmation. 
      Settlement Amount: 
    A number of Shares equal to (a) (i) the Prepayment Amount   divided by   (ii) the Settlement Price as determined on the Valuation Date,   minus   (b) the Initial Shares, rounded to the nearest whole number of Shares.   

Payment Shares: 
    In the event the Settlement Amount is less than zero, a number of Shares equal to the absolute value of the Settlement Amount. 
      Settlement Date: 
    The date that follows the Valuation Date by one Settlement Cycle. 
      Cash Settlement of Payment Shares: 
    If Cash Settlement is applicable, the following procedures shall apply.  The aggregate sum of the used portion of the Initial Cash Settlement Amount and any Additional Cash Settlement Amount shall be the    Cash Settlement Amount    hereunder.   
  On the Valuation Date a balance (the    Settlement Balance   ) shall be created with an initial balance equal to the Payment Shares. On the Settlement Date, Counterparty shall deliver to Wells Fargo a U.S. dollar amount equal to the Payment Shares   multiplied by   a price per Share as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent based on the projected acquisition price of such Payment Shares (such cash amount, the    Initial Cash Settlement Amount   ). On the Exchange Business Day immediately following the delivery of the Initial Cash Settlement Amount, Wells Fargo shall begin purchasing Shares in a commercially reasonable manner (all such Shares purchased,    Cash Settlement Shares   ). At the end of each Exchange Business Day on which Wells Fargo purchases Cash Settlement Shares, Wells Fargo shall reduce (i) the Settlement Balance by the number of Cash Settlement Shares purchased on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the Initial Cash Settlement Amount by the aggregate purchase price (including commissions) of the Cash Settlement Shares on such Exchange Business Day. If, on any Exchange Business Day, the Initial Cash Settlement Amount is reduced to or below zero but the Settlement Balance is above zero, the Counterparty shall (i) deliver to Wells Fargo or as directed by Wells Fargo on the next Exchange Business Day after such Exchange Business Day an additional U.S. dollar amount (an    Additional Cash Settlement Amount   ) equal to the Settlement Balance as of such Exchange Business Day   multiplied by   a price per Share as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent based on the projected acquisition price of the remaining Payment Shares. This provision shall be applied successively until the Settlement Balance is reduced to zero. On the Exchange Business Day that the Settlement Balance is reduced to zero (the    Final Settlement Valuation Date   ), Wells Fargo shall return to Counterparty any unused portion of the Initial Cash Settlement Amount or the Additional Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be. The period during which Wells Fargo purchases Cash Settlement Shares, the    Settlement Valuation Period  .  For the avoidance of doubt, any purchases of Cash Settlement Shares, or the projected acquisition price thereof, contemplated by this paragraph shall be made or based upon over a period of time commensurate with unwinding a commercially reasonable hedge position for the Transaction and in accordance with the timing, price and volume restrictions contained in subparagraphs (2), (3), and (4) of paragraph (b) of Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act (   Rule 10b-18   ). 
      Representation and Agreement: 
    Wells Fargo does not, and shall not, make the agreement or the representations set forth in Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions related to the restrictions imposed by applicable securities laws with respect to any Shares delivered by Wells Fargo to Counterparty under the Transaction.   
      Share Adjustments: 
      
      Potential Adjustment Event: 
    It shall constitute an additional Potential Adjustment Event if a Market Disruption Event has been deemed to have occurred or if Wells Fargo otherwise suspends trading in the Shares for all or any portion of a Scheduled Trading Day within the Averaging Period. 
      Method of Adjustment: 
    Calculation Agent Adjustment 
      Excess Dividend: 
    For any fiscal quarter, any dividend or distribution on the Shares with an ex-dividend date occurring during such fiscal quarter (other than any dividend or distribution of the type described in Section 11.2(e)(i) or Section 11.2(e)(ii)(A) of the Equity Definitions) (a    Dividend   ) the amount or value of which (as determined by the Calculation Agent), when aggregated with the amount or value of any and all previous Dividends with ex-dividend dates occurring in the same fiscal quarter, exceeds the Ordinary Dividend Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall not make any adjustment for an Excess Dividend or for a Dividend that does not exceed the Ordinary Dividend Amount. 
      Extraordinary Dividend: 
    The cash dividend or distribution per Share, or a portion thereof, declared by Counterparty on the Shares that is classified by the board of directors of Counterparty as an  extraordinary  dividend.  For the avoidance of doubt, an Extraordinary Dividend shall not be deemed to be an Excess Dividend. 
      Ordinary Dividend Amount: 
    As specified in Appendix A 

Early Ordinary Dividend Payment: 
    If an ex-dividend date for any Dividend that is not (x) an Excess Dividend, (y) a dividend or distribution of the type described in Section 11.2(e)(i) or Section 11.2(e)(ii)(A) of the Equity Definitions or (z) an Extraordinary Dividend, occurs during any fiscal quarter (in whole or in part) during the Relevant Dividend Period and is prior to the Expected Ex-Dividend Date for the relevant fiscal quarter (as determined by the Calculation Agent), the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Transaction as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Transaction of such event. 
      Expected Ex-Dividend Dates: 
    As specified in Appendix A 
      Relevant Dividend Period: 
    The period from and including the Trade Date to and including the Relevant Dividend Period End Date. 
      Relevant Dividend Period End Date: 
    If the Settlement Amount is negative, the last day of the Settlement Valuation Period; otherwise, the Valuation Date. 

Extraordinary Events: 
    Upon (x) the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination Date in respect of the Transaction or (y) the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event that results in the cancellation or termination of the Transaction pursuant to Section 12.2, 12.3, 12.6 or 12.9 of the Equity Definitions (except as a result of (i) an Extraordinary Event that is a Nationalization, Insolvency, a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, in each case, in which the consideration or proceeds to be paid to holders of Shares consists solely of cash, (ii) a Merger Event or Tender Offer that is within Counterparty s control, or (iii) an Event of Default in which Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or a Termination Event in which Counterparty is the Affected Party other than an Event of Default of the type described in Section 5(a)(iii), (v), (vi), (vii) or (viii) of the Agreement or a Termination Event of the type described in Section 5(b) of the Agreement, in each case that resulted from an event or events outside Counterparty s control), if one party would owe any amount to the other party pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement or any Cancellation Amount pursuant to Section 12.2, 12.3, 12.6, 12.7, 12.8 or 12.9 of the Equity Definitions (any such amount, a    Payment Amount   ), then on the date on which any Payment Amount is due, in lieu of any payment or delivery of such Payment Amount, Counterparty may elect, by prior written notice to Wells Fargo as provided in the succeeding paragraph, that the party owing such amount shall deliver to the other party a number of Shares (or, in the case of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization or Insolvency, a number of units, each comprising the number or amount of the securities or property that a hypothetical holder of one Share would receive in such Extraordinary Event (each such unit, an    Alternative Termination Delivery Unit    and, the securities or property comprising such unit,    Alternative Termination Property   )) with a value equal to the Payment Amount, as determined in a commercially reasonable manner by the Calculation Agent (and the parties agree that, in making such determination of value, the Calculation Agent may take into account a number of factors, including the market price of the Shares or Alternative Termination Property as of the Early Termination Date or the date as of which the Cancellation Amount is determined and, if such delivery is made by Wells Fargo, the prices at which Wells Fargo purchases Shares or Alternative Termination Property to fulfil its delivery obligations, to the extent doing so provides a commercially reasonable result) over a number of Scheduled Trading Days selected by Calculation Agent in good faith and in its commercially reasonable discretion based on the number of Scheduled Trading Days that would be appropriate to unwind a commercially reasonable hedge position;    provided   that in determining the composition of any Alternative Termination Delivery Unit, if the relevant Extraordinary Event involves a choice of consideration to be received by holders, such holder shall be deemed to have elected to receive the maximum possible amount of cash. 
  If Counterparty elects for Wells Fargo to settle any Payment Amount owed by Wells Fargo to it in Shares or Alternative Termination Property, then on the date such Payment Amount is due, a settlement balance (the    Payment Amount     Settlement Balance   ) shall be established with an initial balance equal to the Payment Amount.  On such date, Wells Fargo shall commence purchasing Shares or Alternative Termination Property over a commercially reasonable period for delivery to Counterparty and in a commercially reasonable manner to unwind a commercially reasonable hedge position.  At the end of each Scheduled Trading Day on which Wells Fargo purchases Shares or Alternative Termination Property pursuant to this paragraph, Wells Fargo shall reduce the Payment Amount Settlement Balance by the amount paid by Wells Fargo to purchase the Shares or Alternative Termination Property purchased on such Scheduled Trading Day. Wells Fargo shall deliver any Shares or Alternative Termination Property purchased on a Scheduled Trading Day to Counterparty on the third Clearance System Business Day following the relevant Scheduled Trading Day.  Wells Fargo shall continue purchasing Shares or Alternative Termination Property over a commercially reasonable period until the Payment Amount Settlement Balance has been reduced to zero. If delivery of Shares or Alternative Termination Property is to be made by Wells Fargo pursuant to this paragraph, the period during which Wells Fargo purchases Shares or Alternative Termination Property to fulfill its delivery obligations under this paragraph shall be referred to as the    Termination Purchase Period  .  
  If Counterparty elects to settle any Payment Amount owed to Wells Fargo in Shares or Alternative Termination Property it must do so pursuant to Section 12 of this Confirmation and in a manner such that the value received by Wells Fargo (net of all commercially reasonable fees, expenses or discounts to compensate for any discount from the public market price of the Shares incurred on the sale of such Shares in a private placement) is not less than the Payment Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Definitions or this Confirmation, the Payment Amount will not reflect the value associated with any Excess Dividend declared or paid by Counterparty to holders of record of any Shares as of any date occurring on or after the Trade Date and prior to the date on which the Payment Amount is received. 

Announcement Date: 
    The definition of  Announcement Date  in Section 12.1(l) of the Equity Definitions shall be amended by (i) replacing the words  a firm  with the word  any  in the second and fourth lines thereof, (ii) replacing the word  leads to the  in the third and the fifth lines thereof with the words  , if completed, would lead to a , (iii) replacing the words  voting shares  in the fifth line thereof with the word  Shares , (iv) inserting the words  by any entity  after the word  announcement  in the second and the fourth lines thereof, (v) inserting the words  or to explore the possibility of engaging in  after the words  engage in  in the second line thereof, (vi) inserting the words  or to explore the possibility of purchasing or otherwise obtaining  after the word  obtain  in the fourth line thereto, (vii) deleting the parenthetical in the fifth line thereof and (viii) adding immediately after the words  Tender Offer  in the fifth line thereof  , and any publicly announced change or amendment to such an announcement (including the announcement of an abandonment of such intention) . Sections 12.3(a) and 12.3(d) of the Equity Definitions shall each be amended by replacing each occurrence of the words  Tender Offer Date  with  Announcement Date.  
  For purposes of this Transaction, the definition of  Merger Date  in Section 12.1(c) of the Equity Definitions shall be amended by inserting in the first line thereof, after the word  means , the words  each of the Announcement Date and .  For purposes of this Transaction, the definition of  Tender Offer Date  in Section 12.1(e) Equity Definitions shall be amended to read,  Tender Offer Date shall mean the Announcement Date.  
      Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination): 
    Sections 12.2(e) and 12.3(d) and the first paragraph of Section 12.7(b) of the Equity Definitions shall be amended by inserting the words  or Share Forward Transaction  after the words  Option Transaction  in each place where such words appear therein.  Section 12.7(c) shall be deleted from the Equity Definitions, and each reference in the Equity Definitions to  Section 12.7(c)  shall be replaced with a reference to  Section 12.7(b) . 
      Acknowledgment Regarding Adjustments: 
    Any adjustment to the terms of the Transaction, or the determination of any amounts due upon termination of the Transaction as a result of a Merger Event or Tender Offer shall take into account, and shall not duplicate the economic effects of, any extension or other adjustment hereunder (including, without limitation, any adjustment in Section 8 below). 
      Consequences of Merger Events: 
      
      Share-for-Share: 
    Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment 
      Share-for-Other: 
    Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination) 
      Share-for Combined: 
    Component Adjustment 
      New Shares: 
    In the definition of  New Shares  in Section 12.1(i) of the Equity Definitions, the text in clause (i) thereof shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with  publicly quoted, traded or listed on any of the New York Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Select Market or The NASDAQ Global Market (or their respective successors).  
      Tender Offer: 
    Applicable 
      Consequences of Tender Offers: 
      
      Share-for-Share: 
    Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment. 
      Share-for-Other: 
    Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment. 
      Share-for-Combined: 
    Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment. 
      Determining Party: 
    Wells Fargo 
      Composition of Combined Consideration: 
    Not Applicable;   provided   that notwithstanding Sections 12.1(f) and 12.5(b) of the Equity Definitions, to the extent that the composition of the consideration for the relevant Shares in connection with a Merger Event or Tender Offer could be determined by a holder of the Shares, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine the composition of such consideration for purposes of determining the consequences of such Merger Event or Tender Offer under the Transaction. 
      Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting: 
    Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination) In addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions, it shall also constitute a Delisting if the Exchange is located in the United States and the Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Select Market or The NASDAQ Global Market (or their respective successors); if the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any such exchange or quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall thereafter be the Exchange. 
      Additional Disruption Events: 

Change in Law: 
    Applicable;   provided   that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the phrase  the interpretation  in the third line thereof with the phrase  , or public announcement of, the formal or informal interpretation , (ii) by replacing the word  Shares  where it appears in clause (X) thereof with the words  Shares or Hedge Positions  and (iii) by immediately following the word  Transaction  in clause (X) thereof, adding the phrase  in the manner contemplated by the Hedging Party on the Trade Date    provided further   that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing the parenthetical beginning after the word  regulation  in the second line thereof the words  (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, (x) any tax law or (y) adoption or promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute) . 
      Failure to Deliver: 
    Not Applicable 
      Insolvency Filing: 
    Applicable 
      Hedging Disruption: 
    Applicable;   provided   that:  (i) Section 12.9(a)(v) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting the following two sentences at the end of such Section:   For the avoidance of doubt, the term  equity price risk  shall be deemed to include, but shall not be limited to, stock price and volatility risk.  And, for the further avoidance of doubt, any such transactions or assets referred to in phrases (A) or (B) above must be available on commercially reasonable pricing terms and trade with sufficient liquidity to support a commercially reasonable Hedge Position in respect of the Transaction.  and (ii) Section 12.9(b)(iii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (x) deleting in the third line thereof the words  to terminate the Transaction , and replacing them with the words  (A) to terminate the Transaction or a portion of the Transaction affected by such Hedging Disruption  and by (y) inserting in the last line thereof after the word  other , the words  , (B) that such occurrence be a Potential Adjustment Event and/or (C) to deem that a Market Disruption Event has occurred and will be continuing at any time following the occurrence and during the continuance of such an event . 
      Hedging Party: 
    Wells Fargo 
      Increased Cost of Hedging: 
    Applicable 
      Hedging Party: 
    Wells Fargo 
      Loss of Stock Borrow: 
    Applicable 
      Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
    As specified in Appendix A. 
      Hedging Party: 
    Wells Fargo 
      Increased Cost of Stock Borrow: 
    Applicable 
      Initial Stock Loan Rate: 
    As specified in Appendix A. 
      Hedging Party: 
    Wells Fargo 
      Determining Party for all Extraordinary Events: 
    Wells Fargo 
      Miscellaneous: 
      
      Non-Reliance: 
    Applicable 
      Agreements and Acknowledgments Regarding  Hedging Activities: 
    Applicable 
      Additional Acknowledgments: 
    Applicable 
      3.  Calculation Agent: 
    Wells Fargo 
      4.  Account Details: 
      
      Wells Fargo s USD payment instructions: 
    ABA: XXXXXX 
  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
  Charlotte, NC 
  Internal Acct No. XXXXXX  
  A/C Name: WFB Equity Derivatives 
      Wells Fargo s delivery instructions: 
    DTC Number:XXX 
  Agent ID:XXXXX 
  Institution ID:XXXXX 
      Counterparty s payment and delivery instructions: 
    To be advised. 

a. 
    The O  f  fice of Wells Fargo for the Transaction is: 
       
  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

375 Park Avenue 
  New York, NY 10152 
    
  For notices with respect to the Transaction: 
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, all notices to Wells Fargo in connection with the Transaction are effective only upon receipt of email message to 
  CorporateDerivativeNotifications@wellsfargo.com 
           b. 
    The Office of Counterparty for the Transaction is:  None 
       
  For notices with respect to the Transaction: 
    
  BWX Technologies, Inc. 
  Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
  11525 N. Community House Road 
  Charlotte, NC 28277 
  Telephone: 980-365-4000 
  Facsimile: 980-365-4020 
           6. 
    Additional Provisions  . 
              a. 
    Counterparty Representations and Agreements  .  Counterparty represents and warrants to, and agrees with, Wells Fargo as follows: 
              i. 
    Public Reports  .  As of the Trade Date, Counterparty is in compliance with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act, and all reports and other documents filed by Counterparty with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, when considered as a whole (with the most recent such reports and documents deemed to amend inconsistent statements contained in any earlier such reports and documents), do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, as of the Trade Date, Counterparty and its officers and directors are not aware of any material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares, and Counterparty shall be deemed to repeat such representation and warranty as of any date (x) it elects to physically settle its obligations hereunder as contemplated in  Settlement Method  in Section 2 above and/or (y) it elects to deliver or receive Alternative Termination Property in lieu of cash as contemplated in  Extraordinary Events  in Section 2 above. 
              ii. 
    Regulation M  .  Counterparty is not on the Trade Date engaged in a  distribution,  as such term is used in Regulation M under the Exchange Act (   Regulation M   ).  In the event that Counterparty reasonably concludes that it or any of its affiliates or agents will take any action that would cause Regulation M to be applicable to any purchases of Shares, or any security for which the Shares is a  reference security  (as defined in Regulation M), by Counterparty or any of its  affiliated purchasers  (as defined in Regulation M) on any day prior to the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately following the later of the (i) the Valuation Date, (ii) the Final Settlement Valuation Date, and (iii) the last day of the Termination Purchase Period, as applicable, Counterparty shall provide Wells Fargo at least five Scheduled Trading Days  written notice of such fact prior to the beginning of the restricted period applicable to such distribution under Regulation M.  Counterparty acknowledges that any such action could cause the occurrence (or deemed occurrence) of a Market Disruption Event (and, accordingly, a Potential Adjustment Event).  Accordingly, Counterparty acknowledges that its actions in relation to any such notice must comply with the standards set forth in Section 6(b)(iii) below. 
              iii. 
    No Manipulation  .  Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction to create actual or apparent trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or otherwise in violation of the Exchange Act and will not engage in any other securities or derivative transaction to such ends. 
              iv. 
    No Distribution  .  Counterparty is not entering into the Transaction to facilitate a distribution of the Shares (or any security that may be converted into or exercised or exchanged for Shares, or whose value under its terms may in  

whole or in significant part be determined by the value of the Shares) or in connection with any future issuance of securities. 
           v. 
    Solvency  .  As of the Trade Date, the Initial Share Delivery Date, the Prepayment Date and the Settlement Date, (a) the aggregate fair market value of Counterparty s assets will exceed its liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities), (b) it has not engaged in and will not engage in any business or transaction after which the property remaining with it will be unreasonably small in relation to its business, (c) it has not incurred and does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay as they mature, and (d) as a result of entering into and performing its obligations under the Transaction, (x) it has not violated and will not violate any relevant state law provision applicable to the acquisition or redemption by an issuer of its own securities and (y) it would not be nor would it be rendered  insolvent  (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code) (the    Bankruptcy Code   )). 
              vi. 
    Eligible Contract Participant  .  It is an  eligible contract participant,  as defined under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C.   1a(18)) and CFTC regulations (17 CFR   1.3) because it is a corporation, partnership, organization, trust, or other entity (other than a commodity pool or a proprietorship) that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000. 
              vii. 
    Tender Offers  .  The purchase or writing of the Transaction by Counterparty will not violate Rule 13e-1 or Rule 13e-4 under the Exchange Act. 
              viii. 
    Investment Company  .  Counterparty is not, and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby will not be, required to register as an  investment company  as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
              ix. 
    Accounting Treatment  .  Without limiting the generality of Section 13.1 of the Equity Definitions, Counterparty acknowledges that neither Wells Fargo nor any of its Affiliates  is making any representations or warranties or taking any position or expressing any view with respect to the treatment of the Transaction under any accounting standards including ASC Topic 260,   Earnings Per Share  , ASC Topic 815,   Derivatives and Hedging  , or ASC Topic 480,   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity   and ASC 815-40,   Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity  . 
              x. 
    Authorization and Disclosure  .  Counterparty s board of directors authorized the Transaction and Counterparty has publicly disclosed on November 4, 2015 its authorization to repurchase Shares. 
              xi. 
    No Overlapping Transactions  .  Counterparty has not and will not enter into agreements similar to the Transaction where any initial hedge period, averaging period, termination purchase period or settlement valuation period (each however defined) in such other transaction will overlap at any time (including as a result of extensions in such initial hedge period, averaging period, termination purchase period or settlement valuation period as provided in the relevant agreements) with any Averaging Period, Termination Purchase Period or Settlement Valuation Period under this Confirmation.  In the event of any such overlap as a result of any postponement of the Valuation Date pursuant to  Valuation Disruption  above or implementation of the Settlement Valuation Period, Counterparty shall promptly amend such transaction to avoid any such overlap.   
              xii. 
    Rule 10b-18 purchases  .  Counterparty represents and warrants to Wells Fargo that neither it nor any  affiliated purchaser  (as defined in Rule 10b-18) has made any purchases of blocks pursuant to the proviso in Rule 10b-18(b)(4) during either (i) the four full calendar weeks immediately preceding the Trade Date or (ii) during the calendar week in which the Trade Date occurs. 
               i. 
    Counterparty intends the Transaction to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act.  Counterparty represents that it is entering into the Transaction in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the antifraud or anti-manipulation provisions of the federal or applicable state securities laws and that it has not entered into or altered any hedging transaction relating to the Shares corresponding to or offsetting the Transaction.  Counterparty represents and warrants that it has consulted with its own advisors as to the legal aspects of its adoption and implementation of the Transaction under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 

ii. 
    Counterparty shall not, at any time during any Averaging Period, Settlement Valuation Period or Termination Purchase Period, communicate, directly or indirectly, any material nonpublic information concerning itself or the Shares or purchases or sales of Shares by Wells Fargo (or its agent or affiliate) to any Relevant Bank Personnel.     Relevant Bank Personnel    means any employees or agents of Wells Fargo or any affiliate of Wells Fargo that Wells Fargo has notified Counterparty in writing are  Relevant Bank Personnel    provided   that Wells Fargo may amend the list of Relevant Bank Personnel at any time by delivering a revised list to Counterparty.   Relevant Bank Personnel  shall initially mean any personnel of the equity derivatives trading group of Wells Fargo or its affiliates who are responsible for, or have the ability to influence, the execution of this Transaction and of Wells Fargo s hedge in relation thereto. 
              iii. 
    Counterparty agrees that Counterparty shall not enter into or alter any hedging transaction relating to the Shares corresponding to or offsetting the Transaction.  Counterparty also acknowledges and agrees that any amendment, modification, waiver or termination of this Confirmation must be effected in accordance with the requirements for the amendment or termination of a    plan    as defined in Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any such amendment, modification, waiver or termination shall be made in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5, and no such amendment, modification, waiver or termination shall be made at any time at which Counterparty or any officer, director, manager or similar person of Counterparty is aware of any material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares. 
              iv. 
    Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that it does not have, and shall not attempt to exercise, any influence over how, when or whether Wells Fargo effects any purchases of Shares in connection with the Transaction. 
              c. 
    U.S. Private Placement and Other Representations  . 
     Each party acknowledges that the offer and sale of the Transaction to it is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the    Securities Act   ). Accordingly, each party hereby represents and warrants to the other party as of the date hereof that: 
           i. 
    It is an  accredited investor  (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the Transaction, and it is able to bear the economic risk of the Transaction. 
              ii. 
    It is entering into the Transaction for its own account and not with a view to the distribution or resale of the Transaction or its rights thereunder. 
              iii. 
    It is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation and, if relevant under such laws, in good standing. 
              iv. 
    It has the power to execute this Confirmation and any other documentation relating to this Confirmation to which it is a party, to deliver this Confirmation and any other documentation relating to this Confirmation that it is required by this Confirmation to deliver and to perform its obligations under this Confirmation and has taken all necessary action to authorize such execution, delivery and performance. 
              v. 
    Such execution, delivery and performance do not violate or conflict with any law applicable to it, any provision of its constitutional documents, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets. 
              d. 
    Securities Contract; Swap Agreement  .    The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that Wells Fargo is a  financial participant  within the meaning of Sections 101(22), 101(53C) and 101(22A) of the Bankruptcy Code. The parties hereto further agree and acknowledge that this Transaction is (i) a  securities contract  as such term is defined in Section 741(7) of the Bankruptcy Code, in which case each payment and delivery made pursuant to this Transaction is a  termination value,   payment amount  or  other transfer obligation  within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a  settlement payment,  within the meaning of Section 546 of the Bankruptcy Code and (ii) a  swap agreement,  as such term is defined in Section 101(53B) of the Bankruptcy Code, with respect to which each payment and delivery hereunder or in connection herewith is a  termination value,   payment amount  or  other transfer obligation  within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a  transfer,  as such term is defined in Section 101(54) of the Bankruptcy Code and a  payment or other transfer of property  within the meaning of Sections 362 and 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and  

that Wells Fargo is entitled to the protections afforded by, among other sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 362(o), 546(e), 546(g), 548(d)(2), 555, 560 and 561 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
           e. 
    Bankruptcy Status  .  Wells Fargo acknowledges and agrees that this Confirmation is not intended to convey to it rights with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby that are senior to the claims of Counterparty s common stockholders in the event of Counterparty s bankruptcy;   provided  , that nothing herein shall be deemed to limit Wells Fargo s right to pursue remedies in the event of a breach by Counterparty of its obligations and agreements with respect to this Confirmation and the Agreement; and   provided,     further  , that nothing herein shall limit or shall be deemed to limit Wells Fargo s rights in respect of any transaction other than this Transaction. 
              f. 
    No Collateral or Setoff  .  Notwithstanding any provision of this Confirmation, the Agreement, or any other agreement between the parties to the contrary, the obligations of Counterparty under this Transaction are not secured by any collateral.  Wells Fargo agrees not to set off or net amounts due from Counterparty with respect to this Transaction against amounts due from Wells Fargo to Counterparty under obligations other than Equity Contracts.     Equity Contract    means any transaction relating to Shares between the parties (or any of their affiliates) that qualifies as  equity  under applicable accounting rules. 
              g. 
    Additional Termination Event  .  Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, an Additional Termination Event shall occur and Counterparty shall be the sole Affected Party pursuant to such Additional Termination Event if: (i) at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date, the price per Share on the Exchange, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is at or below the Threshold Price as specified in Appendix A; or (ii) Counterparty declares an Excess Dividend with an ex-dividend date which occurs or is scheduled to occur during the Relevant Dividend Period.  For the avoidance of doubt, such Excess Dividend shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event. 
              h. 
    Maximum Number of Shares.   Notwithstanding any provisions of this Confirmation, the Agreement or the Equity Definitions to the contrary, in no event shall the aggregate number of Shares that Counterparty shall be obligated to deliver in connection with this Transaction exceed 10,200,000 Shares, as such number may be proportionately adjusted by the Calculation Agent to reflect stock splits or similar events. 
              i. 
    Agreements to Deliver Documents  .  Counterparty agrees to complete (accurately and in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the other party), execute, and deliver to Wells Fargo, United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 or Form W-9, as applicable, or any successor of such form, (i) upon execution of this Confirmation, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by Wells Fargo, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by it has become obsolete or incorrect. 
              j. 
    Counterparty Purchases  .  Without the prior written consent of Wells Fargo, Counterparty shall not, and shall cause its  affiliates  and  affiliated purchasers  (each as defined in Rule 10b-18) not to, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, by means of a derivative) purchase, offer to purchase, place any bid or limit order that would effect a purchase of, or commence any tender offer relating to, any Shares (or an equivalent interest, including a unit of beneficial interest in a trust or limited partnership or a depository share) or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares during the Averaging Period, Settlement Valuation Period or Termination Purchase Period. During such time, any purchases of Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) by Counterparty shall be made through Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, which is an affiliate of Wells Fargo. 
              k. 
    Merger-related Transactions  .  During the Averaging Period, Settlement Valuation Period and Termination Purchase Period, as applicable, Counterparty shall (i) notify Wells Fargo prior to the opening of trading in the Shares on any day on which Counterparty makes, or expects to be made, any public announcement (as defined in Rule 165(f) under the Securities Act) of any merger, acquisition, or similar transaction involving a recapitalization relating to Counterparty (other than any such transaction in which the consideration consists solely of cash and there is no valuation period), (ii) promptly notify Wells Fargo following any such announcement that such announcement has been made, and (iii) promptly deliver to Wells Fargo following the making of any such announcement a certificate indicating (A) Counterparty s average daily Rule 10b-18 purchases (as defined in Rule 10b-18) during the three full calendar months preceding the date of the announcement of such transaction and (B) Counterparty s block purchases (as defined in Rule 10b-18) effected pursuant to paragraph (b)(4) of Rule 10b-18 during the three full calendar months preceding the date of the announcement of such transaction.  In addition, Counterparty shall promptly notify Wells Fargo of the earlier to occur of the completion of such transaction and the completion of the vote by target shareholders.  Counterparty acknowledges that any such public announcement may cause the terms of the Transaction to be adjusted or terminated. Accordingly, Counterparty acknowledges that its actions in relation to any such announcement or transaction must comply with the standards set forth in Section 6(b) above.  Wells Fargo may (i)  

make adjustments in a commercially reasonable manner to the terms of the Transaction, including, without limitation, the Settlement Price Adjustment and/or suspend the Averaging  Period to preserve the economics of the transaction to Wells Fargo or (ii) treat the occurrence of such public announcement as an Additional Termination Event with Counterparty as the sole Affected Party and the Transaction hereunder as the Affected Transaction and with the amount under Section 6(e) of the Agreement determined taking into account the fact that the Averaging Period, as the case may be, had fewer Scheduled Trading Days than originally anticipated. 
           l. 
    Acknowledgments and Agreements Regarding Hedging  .  Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that (i) during the Averaging Period, Wells Fargo and its affiliates may (x) buy or sell Shares or other securities or buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter into swaps or other derivative securities in order to adjust its hedge position with respect to the Transaction and (y) be active in the market for Shares other than in connection with hedging activities in relation to the Transaction, (ii) Wells Fargo shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner any hedging or market activities in Counterparty s securities shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate to hedge its price and market risk with respect to the Settlement Price and/or the VWAP Price and (iii) any market activities of Wells Fargo and its affiliates with respect to Shares may affect the market price and volatility of Shares, as well as the Settlement Price and/or the VWAP Price, each in a manner that may be adverse to Counterparty. 
              7. 
    Regulatory Disruption  . 
     In the event that Wells Fargo reasonably determines, in good faith and based on the advice of counsel,  that it is appropriate with regard to any legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements or related policies and procedures (whether or not such requirements, policies or procedures are imposed by law or have been voluntarily adopted by Wells Fargo, and including, without limitation, Rule 10b-18, Rule 10b-5, Regulation 13D-G and Regulation 14E), to refrain from purchasing Shares or to purchase fewer than the number of Shares than would otherwise be expected to be purchased in a commercially reasonable manner on any Scheduled Trading Day during the duration of this Transaction, then Wells Fargo may, in its commercially reasonable discretion, elect to deem that a Market Disruption Event has occurred and will be continuing on such Scheduled Trading Day or Days. Wells Fargo shall notify Counterparty upon the exercise of Wells Fargo s rights pursuant to this Section 7 and shall subsequently notify the Issuer on the day Wells Fargo believes that the circumstances giving rise to such exercise have changed.  If the Averaging Period is suspended pursuant to this Section 7, at the end of such suspension Wells Fargo shall determine the number of Scheduled Trading Days remaining in the Averaging Period, as appropriate, and the terms of this Transaction shall be adjusted by the Calculation Agent.  All determinations by Wells Fargo shall be made in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and assuming Wells Fargo maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position. 
           8. 
    Special Provisions regarding Acquisition Transaction Announcements  . 
              a. 
    If an Acquisition Transaction Announcement occurs on or prior to the final Settlement Date, then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Transaction (including, without limitation, the Settlement Amount and the Settlement Price Adjustment) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, at such time or at multiple times as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, to account for the economic effect on such Transaction of such Acquisition Transaction Announcement (including adjustments to account solely for changes in price, volatility, stock loan rate and liquidity relevant to the Shares, to the Transaction or to commercially reasonable hedge positions in respect of the Transaction).  If an Acquisition Transaction Announcement occurs after the Trade Date, but prior to the Scheduled Earliest Acceleration Date, the Scheduled Earliest Acceleration Date shall be the date of such Acquisition Transaction Announcement. 
              b. 
       Acquisition Transaction Announcement    means (i) the announcement of an Acquisition Transaction or an event that, if consummated, would result in an Acquisition Transaction, (ii) an announcement that Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries has entered into an agreement, a letter of intent or an understanding designed to result in an Acquisition Transaction, (iii) the announcement of the intention to solicit or enter into, or to explore strategic alternatives or other similar undertaking that may include, an Acquisition Transaction, (iv) any other announcement that in the reasonable judgment of the Calculation Agent may result in an Acquisition Transaction, or (v) any announcement of any change or amendment to any previous Acquisition Transaction Announcement (including any announcement of the abandonment of any such previously announced Acquisition Transaction, agreement, letter of intent, understanding or intention). For the avoidance of doubt, announcements as used in the definition of Acquisition Transaction Announcement refer to any public announcement whether made by the Counterparty or a third party. 
              c. 
       Acquisition Transaction    means (i) any Merger Event (for purposes of this definition the definition of Merger Event shall be read with the references therein to  100%  being replaced by  30%  and to  50%  by  75%  and without reference to  

the clause beginning immediately following the definition of Reverse Merger therein to the end of such definition), Tender Offer or Merger Transaction or any other transaction involving the merger of Counterparty with or into any third party, (ii) the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Counterparty, (iii) a recapitalization, reclassification, binding share exchange or other similar transaction with respect to Counterparty, (iv)  any acquisition, lease, exchange, transfer, disposition (including by way of spin-off or distribution) of assets (including any capital stock or other ownership interests in subsidiaries) or other similar event by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries where the aggregate consideration transferable or receivable by or to Counterparty or its subsidiaries exceeds 15% of the market capitalization of Counterparty and (v) any transaction in which Counterparty or its board of directors has a legal obligation to make a recommendation to its shareholders in respect of such transaction (whether pursuant to Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act or otherwise). 
           9. 
    Staggered Settlement  . 
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Wells Fargo may, by prior notice to Counterparty, satisfy its obligation to deliver any Shares or other securities on any date due (an    Original Delivery Date   ) by making separate deliveries of Shares or such securities, as the case may be, at more than one time on or prior to such Original Delivery Date, so long as the aggregate number of Shares and other securities so delivered on or prior to such Original Delivery Date is equal to the number required to be delivered on such Original Delivery Date. 
           10. 
    Transfer and Assignment  . 
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Wells Fargo may assign, transfer and set over all its rights, title and interest, powers, privileges and remedies under any Transaction, in whole or in part, to an affiliate of Wells Fargo, without the consent of Counterparty. 
           11. 
    Limit on Beneficial Ownership  .   
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that, on any day, Wells Fargo shall not be obligated to receive from Counterparty any Shares, and Counterparty shall not be entitled to deliver to Wells Fargo any Shares, to the extent (but only to the extent) that after such transactions Wells Fargo s ultimate parent entity would directly or indirectly  beneficially own  (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) at any time on such day in excess of 5% of the outstanding Shares.  Any purported receipt of Shares shall be void and have no effect to the extent (but only to the extent) that after such receipt, Wells Fargo s ultimate parent entity would directly or indirectly so beneficially own in excess of 5% of the outstanding Shares.  If, on any day, any receipt of Shares by Wells Fargo is not effected, in whole or in part, as a result of this Section 11, Counterparty s obligations to deliver such Shares shall not be extinguished and any such delivery shall be effected over time by Counterparty as promptly as Wells Fargo determines, such that after any such delivery, Wells Fargo s ultimate parent entity would not directly or indirectly beneficially own in excess of 5% of the outstanding Shares. 
           12. 
    Registration Provisions  . 
     Counterparty hereby agrees that if, in the good faith and commercially reasonable judgment of Wells Fargo, any Shares acquired by Wells Fargo for the purpose of hedging its obligations pursuant to the Transaction or otherwise delivered by the Counterparty to Wells Fargo for any reason hereunder cannot be sold in the public market by Wells Fargo without registration under the Securities Act, Counterparty shall, at its election: (i) in order to allow Wells Fargo to sell such Shares in a registered offering, make available to Wells Fargo an effective registration statement under the Securities Act to cover the resale of such Shares and (A) enter into an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to Wells Fargo, substantially in the form of an underwriting agreement for a registered offering of similar size, (B) provide accountant s  comfort  letters in customary form for registered offerings of equity securities of similar size, (C) provide disclosure opinions of nationally recognized outside counsel to Counterparty reasonably acceptable to Wells Fargo, (D) provide other customary opinions, certificates and closing documents customary in form for registered offerings of equity securities of similar size and (E) afford Wells Fargo a reasonable opportunity to conduct a  due diligence  investigation with respect to Counterparty customary in scope for underwritten offerings of equity securities of similar size;   provided   that if Wells Fargo, in its good faith discretion, is not satisfied with access to due diligence materials, the results of its due diligence investigation, or the procedures and documentation for the registered offering referred to above, then clause (ii) or clause (iii) of this Section 12 shall apply at the election of Counterparty; (ii) in order to allow Wells Fargo to sell such Shares in a private placement, enter into a private placement agreement substantially similar to private placement purchase agreements customary for private placements of equity securities of similar size, in form and substance satisfactory to Wells Fargo, including customary representations, covenants, blue sky and other governmental filings and/or registrations, indemnities to Wells Fargo, due diligence rights (for Wells Fargo or any designated buyer or buyers of the Shares from Wells Fargo), opinions and certificates and such other documentation as is customary for private placements agreements, all commercially reasonably acceptable to Wells Fargo (in which case, the Calculation Agent  

shall make any adjustments to the terms of the Transaction that are necessary, using commercially reasonable judgment, to compensate Wells Fargo for any discount from the public market price of the Shares incurred on the sale of such Shares in a private placement); or (iii) purchase the Shares from Wells Fargo at the Volume Weighted Average Price on such Exchange Business Days, and in the amounts, requested by Wells Fargo.     Volume Weighted Average Price    means, on any Exchange Business Day, the per Share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading  Bloomberg VWAP  on Bloomberg page BWXT  equity  VAP (or any successor thereto) in respect of the period from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such Exchange Business Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one Share on such Exchange Business Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent using a volume-weighted method). 
           13. 
    Calculations and Payment Date upon Early Termination  . 
     The parties acknowledge and agree that in calculating (a) the Close-Out Amount pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement and (b) the amount due upon cancellation or termination of the Transaction (whether in whole or in part) pursuant to Article 12 of the Equity Definitions as a result of an Extraordinary Event, Wells Fargo may (but need not) determine such amount based on expected losses assuming a commercially reasonable (including  ,   without limitation  ,   with regard to reasonable legal and regulatory guidelines) risk bid were used to determine loss.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement or Article 12 of the Equity Definitions, all amounts calculated as being due in respect of an Early Termination Date under Section 6(e) of the Agreement or upon cancellation or termination of the Transaction under Article 12 of the Equity Definitions will be payable on the day that notice of the amount payable is effective. 
   This Confirmation may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Confirmation by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. 
           15. 
    Waiver of Trial by Jury  . 
     EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES (ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS STOCKHOLDERS) ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION OR THE ACTIONS OF WELLS FARGO OR ITS AFFILIATES IN THE NEGOTIATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. 
   For the avoidance of doubt, whenever Wells Fargo, Calculation Agent or Determining Party are called upon to make an adjustment or determination pursuant to the terms of this Confirmation or the Definitions to take into account the effect of an event, Wells Fargo, Calculation Agent and Determining Party shall make such adjustment or determination by reference to the effect of such event on the Hedging Party, assuming that the Hedging Party maintains a commercially reasonable Hedge Position at the time of the event. 
           17. 
    Amendments to the Equity Definitions  . 
              a. 
    Section 11.2(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words  a diluting or concentrative  and replacing them with the words  an  and adding the phrase  or such Transaction  at the end of the sentence. 
              b. 
    Section 11.2(c) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the words  a diluting or concentrative  with  an  in the fifth line thereof, (ii) adding the phrase  or such Transaction  after the words  the relevant Shares  in the same sentence, (iii) deleting the words  dilutive or concentrative  in the sixth to last line thereof, and (iv) deleting the phrase  (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Shares)  and replacing it with the phrase  (and, for the avoidance of doubt, adjustments may be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Shares).  
              c. 
    Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words  a diluting or concentrative  and replacing them with the word  a material  and adding the phrase  or the relevant Transaction  at the end of the sentence. 
              d. 
    Section 12.6(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) deleting from the fourth line thereof the word  or  after the word  official  and inserting a comma therefor, and (ii) deleting the semi-colon at the end of subsection (B) thereof  

and inserting the following words therefor  or (C) at Wells Fargo s option, the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 5(a)(vii) (1) through (9) of the ISDA Master Agreement with respect to that Issuer.  
           e. 
    Section 12.9(b)(iv) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by: 
              i. 
    deleting (1) subsection (A) in its entirety, (2) the phrase  or (B)  following subsection (A) and (3) the phrase  in each case  in subsection (B); and 
              ii. 
    replacing the phrase  neither the Non-Hedging Party nor the Lending Party lends Shares  with the phrase  such Lending Party does not lend Shares  in the penultimate sentence. 
              f. 
    Section 12.9(b)(v) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by: 
              i. 
    adding the word  or  immediately before subsection  (B)  and deleting the comma at the end of subsection (A); and 
              ii. 
    (1) deleting subsection (C) in its entirety, (2) deleting the word  or  immediately preceding subsection (C), (3) deleting the penultimate sentence in its entirety and replacing it with the sentence  The Hedging Party will determine the Cancellation Amount payable by one party to the other  and (4) deleting clause (X) in the final sentence. 

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing a copy of this Confirmation and returning it to   CorporateDerivativeNotifications@wellsfargo.com  . 
    
                 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
    BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By:    /s/ Thomas Yates                       
  Name:Thomas Yates 
  Title:Managing Director 
    By:    /s/ David S. Black                              
  Name:David S. Black 
  Title:Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer 

Appendix A 
                 Prepayment Date: 
    September 16, 2016 

Prepayment Amount: 
    $200,000,000 

Initial Shares: 
    4,135,435 Shares;   provided   that if Wells Fargo is unable to borrow or otherwise acquire a number of Shares equal to the Initial Shares for delivery to Counterparty on the Initial Share Delivery Date, the Initial Shares delivered on the Initial Share Delivery Date shall be reduced to such number of Shares that Wells Fargo is able to so borrow or otherwise acquire. 

Valuation Date: 
    [omitted] (or if such date is not an Exchange Business Day, the next following Exchange Business Day);   provided   that Wells Fargo shall have the right in its absolute discretion, to accelerate the Valuation Date for all or any part of the Transaction (each, an    Accelerated Valuation Date   ) to any date that is on or after [omitted]  (or if such date is not an Exchange Business Day, the next following Exchange Business Day) (such date, the    Scheduled Earliest Acceleration Date   ), by giving notice prior to 8:00 pm New York City time on the Scheduled Trading Day following such date (each, an    Acceleration Notice   ).  Wells Fargo shall specify in each Acceleration Notice the portion of the Prepayment Amount that is subject to acceleration (which may be less than the full Prepayment Amount). If the portion of the Prepayment Amount that is subject to acceleration is less than the full Prepayment Amount, then the Calculation Agent shall adjust the terms of the Transaction as appropriate in order to take into account the occurrence of such Accelerated Valuation Date (including cumulative adjustments to take into account all prior Accelerated Valuation Dates). 

Averaging Dates: 
    For the     Valuation Date, each Scheduled Trading Day starting on, and including, the Averaging Period Start Date and ending on, and including, such Valuation Date. 

Averaging Period Start Date: 
    September 16, 2016 

Settlement Price Adjustment: 
    $0.4759 

Ordinary Dividend Amount: 
    $0.09 per Share for the Expected Ex-Dividend Dates 

Expected Ex-Dividend Dates: 
    [omitted] 

Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
    200 basis points per annum 

Initial Stock Loan Rate: 
    50 basis points per annum 

Threshold Price: 
    $19.35 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311_93016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Peyton S. Baker, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BWX Technologies, Inc. for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     October 31, 2016    

/s/ Peyton S. Baker 
        
    Peyton S. Baker 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312_93016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, David S. Black, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BWX Technologies, Inc. for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

October 31, 2016    

/s/ David S. Black 
        
    David S. Black 
        
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321_93016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  Certification Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, Peyton S. Baker, President and Chief Executive Officer of BWX Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), hereby certify, to my knowledge, that: 
    
            (2) 
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 31, 2016 
       
    /s/ Peyton S. Baker 

Peyton S. Baker 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322_93016x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  BWX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  Certification Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, David S. Black, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BWX Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), hereby certify, to my knowledge, that: 
    
            (2) 
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 31, 2016 
       
    /s/ David S. Black 

David S. Black 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 bwxt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bwxt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bwxt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 bwxt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 bwxt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bwxt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

