<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_1104358_0001104358-16-000027_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1846981</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75021</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>112204</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>693252</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>609163</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>294135</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104358-16-000027.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027161110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104358-16-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		32
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BROADVIEW NETWORKS HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001104358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				113310798
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-96391
		FILM NUMBER:		161955647

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 WESTCHESTER AVENUE
		CITY:			RYE BROOK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10573
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9149227000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 WESTCHESTER AVENUE
		CITY:			RYE BROOK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10573

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104358-16-000027.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 bnhinc-10q9x30x2016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
  Mark One 

For The Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016 

For the Transition Period from                          to                        
  Commission File Number 333-142946 
  Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(914) 922-7000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   o   No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o   No     
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes   o   No   o 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.   

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

2 

Table of Contents  

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
    
  This report contains both historical and forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this report that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements including, in particular, the statements about our plans, objectives, strategies and prospects regarding, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations and business. We have identified some of these forward-looking statements with words like  believe,   may,   will,   should,   expect,   intend,   plan,   predict,   anticipate,   estimate  or  continue  and other words and terms of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements may be contained throughout this report, including but not limited to statements under the caption  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations about future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Many factors mentioned in our discussion in this report will be important in determining future results. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Our plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the execution of our stated business plan and objectives. Forward-looking statements (including oral representations) are only predictions or statements of current plans, which we review and update regularly. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, risks associated with:  

highly competitive nature of the communications market; 
                
    failure to anticipate and keep up with technological changes; 
                
    governmental regulatory oversight; 
                
    elimination or relaxation of certain regulatory rights and protections; 
                
    regulatory uncertainties in the communications industry; 
                
    continued industry consolidation; 
                
    failure to manage and expand operations effectively; 
                
    failure to retain and attract management and key personnel; 
                
    failure to maintain interconnection and service agreements with incumbent local exchange carriers; 
                
    difficulties in working with incumbent local exchange carriers; 
                
    reliance on a limited number of non-ILEC third party service providers; 
                
    system disruptions or the failure of our information systems to perform as expected; 
                
    ability to maintain real estate leases at switch sites; 
                
    loss of a substantial number of customers; 
                
    failure to successfully integrate future acquisitions; 
                
    claims of intellectual property infringement; 
                
    misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights; 
                
    liability for information disseminated through our network; 
                
    our history of net losses; 
                
    billing disputes with carrier vendors; 
                
    difficulties collecting payment from carrier and wholesale customers; 
                
    liability associated with periodic audits conducted by State Taxing and other Authorities; 
                
    declining prices for communications services; 
                
    impact of debt facilities on operating flexibility; and 
                
    our ability to service our substantial indebtedness. 
          
  Because our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements, we cannot give any assurance that any of the events anticipated by these forward-looking statements will occur or, if any of them do, what impact they will have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under federal securities laws.  

3 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (dollars in thousands, except par value) 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (dollars in thousands) 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. 
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (dollars in thousands) 

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (dollars in thousands) 

1. 
    Organization and Description of Business 
     Basis of Presentation 
  Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) is a leading cloud-based service provider of communications and information technology solutions to small and medium sized business and enterprise customers nationwide.  After several years of development, the Company began providing cloud-based unified communication services in 2005 and later introduced into its product portfolio a variety of cloud-based computing solutions. Today, the Company offers a full suite of cloud-based systems and services under the brand OfficeSuite        to customers nationwide.  The Company has   one   reportable segment.  
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared based upon Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules that permit reduced disclosure for interim periods. These financial statements reflect all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations and financial condition for the interim periods shown, including normal recurring accruals and other items. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year.  For a more complete discussion of significant accounting policies and certain other information, the Company s interim unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with its audited financial statements as of and for the year ended   December 31, 2015   contained in the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements include both the Company s accounts and the accounts of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company has evaluated the impact of subsequent events through the date the condensed consolidated financial statements were filed with the SEC. 
  The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management periodically reviews such estimates and assumptions as circumstances dictate. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

2. 
    Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
     The Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, certificates of deposit, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable, revolving credit facility and long-term debt. The Company s available cash balances are invested on a short-term basis (generally overnight) and, accordingly, are not subject to significant risks associated with changes in interest rates. All of the Company s cash flows are derived from operations within the United States and are not subject to market risk associated with changes in foreign exchanges rates. The carrying amounts of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, certificates of deposit, trade accounts receivable and accounts payable reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were deemed to approximate fair value because of their liquidity and short-term nature.   
  The Company had outstanding borrowings of   $11,500   and   $12,500   on its revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The carrying amount of this debt is deemed to approximate its fair value due to its variable interest rate and its relative short term nature. The fair value of the Company s   10.5%   Senior Secured Notes due 2017 (the  Notes ) was   $147,608   and   $134,230   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, which was based on the most recent publicly quoted prices of the Notes as of such dates.  These are considered to be Level 1 inputs.     

7 

     Table of Contents  
  Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
  (dollars in thousands) 

3.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
       
  In May 2014, a comprehensive update on the accounting standard for revenue recognition was issued.  This update affects any entity that enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services.  Under this new guidance, an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  This update is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted only as of annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016.  The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this standard and cannot yet determine the impact of its adoption on its operating results and financial position. Nor has the Company determined its method of adoption, either full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. 
    
  In August 2014, the accounting standard which provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements was updated. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The update applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this standard and does not expect it to have any impact on the Company s operating results and financial position. 
   In February 2016, the accounting standard which provides guidance on accounting for leases was updated.  The new standard requires entities to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. The recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease, which is consistent with current GAAP.  However, the new standard will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet.  For public companies, the update is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this standard and cannot yet determine the impact of its adoption on its operating results and financial position. 

8 

Table of Contents  
  Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
  (dollars in thousands) 

4. 
    Commitments and Contingencies 
     The Company has employment agreements with certain key executives.  These agreements provide for base salaries and performance bonuses over periods ranging from one to two years. These employment agreements also provide for severance compensation ranging from   6   to   24   months after termination. 
  The Company has standby letters of credit outstanding of   $509  , which are fully collateralized by domestic certificates of deposit. 
  The Company has, in the ordinary course of its business, disputed certain billings from carriers and has recorded the estimated settlement amount of the disputed balances. The settlement estimate is based on various factors, including historical results of prior dispute settlements. The amount of such charges in dispute at   September 30, 2016   was   $11,233  .  The Company believes that the ultimate settlement of these disputes will be at amounts less than the amount disputed and has accrued the estimated settlement in accrued expenses and other current liabilities at   September 30, 2016  . It is possible that actual settlements of such disputes may differ from these estimates and the Company may settle at amounts greater than the estimates. 
  The Company has entered into a commercial agreement with its principal vendor under which it purchases certain services that it had previously leased under the unbundled network platform provisions of the Telecommunications Act of 1996. The Company has also entered into multiple tariffed agreements with its principal vendor under which the Company purchases special access services.  During 2016, the Company entered into an extension of a commercial agreement with its principal vendor expiring in 2019.  
  The Company is, in the ordinary course of business, under audit with several state and local taxing authorities, including an examination to determine the Company's compliance with applicable escheat laws.  The Company is complying with all examinations.  Any estimated liabilities are included in taxes payable at   September 30, 2016  .  It is possible that actual settlements may differ from these estimates and the Company may settle at amounts greater than the estimates. The Company does not believe that the ultimate outcome of any such audits will result in any liability that would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

9 

Table of Contents  
  Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. 
  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
  (dollars in thousands) 

The Company has   $150,000   of   10.5%   Senior Secured Notes due on November 15, 2017 (the  Notes ) outstanding.  The Company may redeem the Notes, at its option, in whole or in part at any time prior to November 15, 2017, upon not less than 30 days' or more than 60 days  notice, at the following redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount thereof) set forth below: 

The Notes are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by each of the Company's existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries, which includes all subsidiaries as of   September 30, 2016  .  Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. is a holding company and depends on dividends and other distributions from its subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet its obligations, including its required obligations under the Notes.  Each of the Company s subsidiaries is a legally distinct entity, and while the Company s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Notes, such guarantees are subject to risks.  The issuer has no independent assets or operations and any subsidiaries of the issuer other than the subsidiaries guarantors are minor.  The Notes and the guarantees rank senior in right of payment to all existing and future subordinated indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiary guarantors, as applicable, and equal in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company and of such subsidiaries.  
  The Notes and the guarantees are secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets provided, however, that pursuant to the terms of the intercreditor agreement, the security interest in those assets consisting of receivables, inventory, deposit accounts, securities accounts and certain other assets that secure the Notes and the guarantees are contractually subordinated to a lien thereon that secures the Company s revolving credit facility with an aggregate principal amount of   $25,000   and certain other permitted indebtedness.  Any outstanding amounts under this facility are subject to a borrowing base limitation based on an advance rate of   85%   of the amount of eligible receivables, as defined. The Company's borrowing base has limited the availability to   $17,800  , of which   $11,500   was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . 

6. 
    Income Taxes 
     At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had net operating loss carryforwards ( NOLs ) available totaling approximately   $183,050   which begin to expire in 2022. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets, of which the NOLs are the primary component, because management does not believe it is more likely than not that this asset will be realized. If the Company achieves profitability, the net deferred tax assets may be available to offset future income tax liabilities. 

10 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this quarterly report and our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below and elsewhere in this quarterly report, including information with respect to our plans and strategies for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. In evaluating such statements, existing and prospective investors should specifically consider the various factors identified in this quarterly report that could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements, including matters set forth in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC.  Many of the amounts and percentages presented in this discussion and analysis have been rounded for convenience of presentation, and all amounts included in tables are presented in thousands. 

Overview 
       
  We are a leading provider of cloud-based unified communication services ( UCaaS ) and information technology solutions to small and medium sized businesses ( SMB ) and enterprise customers nationwide.  We offer a broad suite of cloud-based systems and services under the brand OfficeSuite  to our end-user customers nationwide. Our end-user customers have approximately 174,000 active licenses on our flagship product OfficeSuite  Phone.  OfficeSuite  Phone comprises a growing percentage of our overall recurring revenue and the vast majority of our existing cloud-based revenue stream.  In addition, we generate revenue from third-party service providers utilizing our technology and OfficeSuite  Phone on a white-label or wholesale basis.  These third-party service providers offer services to their own end-user customers located in Canada, certain European countries and the United States with a similar number of currently active licenses.     
   We benefit from software development expertise, proprietary technology and a strong next-generation network infrastructure. This allows us to offer our customers more than just cloud-based services, but additionally products that include advanced, converged communications services and network access by leveraging our network infrastructure, on a cost-effective basis. We have provided cloud-based services in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic United States since 2005 and offered cloud-based services nationwide since late 2009. Prior to 2009, our focus had been solely on markets across 10 states, including the major metropolitan markets of New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington, D.C. These markets remain important markets for us and we have the majority of our sales efforts focused on these markets. We sell through multiple channels including our direct sales force, our channel partners which offers all of our end-user products in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions and our cloud products nationwide, our inside sales channel, and our wholesale channel which provides our services to other carriers and resellers. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we provided our services to over 20,000 business customers nationwide. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , approximately   88%   of our total revenue was generated from end-users in a wide array of industries, including professional services, health care, education, manufacturing, real estate, retail, automotive, non-profit groups and others. For the same period, approximately   12%   of our total revenue was generated from wholesale, carrier access and other market channels.  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we generated revenues of    $217.6 million   and Adjusted EBITDA of   $36.9 million  .  For more information, see the  Adjusted EBITDA Presentation  later in this section.  
  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , and the years ended   December 31, 2015   and   2014  , we recorded operating income of   $15.3 million  , $8.0 million and $8.9 million, respectively. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   we recorded net income of   $1.3 million   and for the years ended   December 31, 2015   and   2014  , net losses of $9.8 million and $9.2 million, respectively. We continue to search for ways of increasing operating efficiencies that could potentially offset continued pressures on revenue and margin.  We have also developed new technology and products that are being sold through new and existing sales channels that are growing, which may increase revenues and gross margin.  

11 

     Table of Contents  

Our business is subject to several macro trends, some of which negatively affect our operating performance. Among these negative trends are lower wireline voice usage per customer, which translates into less usage-based revenue and lower unit pricing for certain services. In addition, we continue to face other industry-wide trends including rapid technology changes and overall increases in competition from existing large competitors such as Verizon Communications, Inc. ( Verizon ) and established cable operators, competitive local exchange carriers and newer entrants such as cloud, wireless and other service providers. These factors are partially mitigated by several positive factors.  These include a more stable customer base, increasing revenue per customer due to the trend of customers buying more products from us as we deploy new technology and expand our offerings, higher contribution margins for our cloud services, a focus on larger customers and an overall increase in demand for data, managed and cloud-based services.  Although our overall revenue has declined, we have partially mitigated the impact of the revenue decline on our overall operating results by various price increases, revenue assurance efforts, reducing costs of revenue and certain of our selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) costs, and by the achievement of certain operating efficiencies throughout the organization. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   150   sales, sales management and sales support employees, including approximately   110   quota-bearing representatives in all sales channels, the majority of whom target SMB and enterprise customers in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions. We also offer our OfficeSuite  cloud-based solutions, including our OfficeSuite        Phone product, on a nationwide basis, where we sell through channel partners, VARs/nationwide distributors/strategic partners and web channels. 
  We focus our sales efforts on selling cloud-based services to communications intensive business customers who purchase multiple products, many of whom have multiple locations. These customers generally purchase higher margin services in multi-year contracts, and consequently maintain higher retention rates.  Historically, our focus was on providing T-1- and IP-based products as well as our cloud-based services. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, revenue from customers purchasing T-1- and IP-based products and cloud-based services, including cloud-based computing services and cloud related access, represented   84%   of our end-user revenue with the remaining   16%   of end-user revenue coming from customers purchasing only traditional services.  Of the   84%   of end-user revenue from customers purchasing T-1- and IP-based products and cloud-based services,   34%   of end-user revenue was generated by cloud-based services,   34%   of end-user revenue was generated by other T-1- and IP-based products, and   16%   of end-user revenue was generated by traditional voice services provided to those customers purchasing T-1- and IP-based products and cloud-based services.  For the same period, T-1- and IP-based products and cloud-based services represented approximately   87%   of new end-user sales, with typical incremental gross profit margins in excess of   60%  .  Sales of cloud-based services, including sales of both cloud-based computing services and cloud related access, represented approximately   65%   of new end-user sales while other T-1- and IP-based products represented   22%   of new end-user sales.  Since 2012, cloud-based products and services have grown at   14%   compounded annual growth rate ( CAGR ).  In the 3rd quarter of 2016 relative to the 3rd quarter of 2015, our end-user pure cloud revenue grew 21% and our end-user cloud access grew 6%, resulting in overall end-user cloud revenue growth of 17%.   
  Our facilities-based network encompasses approximately   3,000   route miles of metro and long-haul fiber including both owned and dark fiber, primarily pursuant to IRU's and 254 colocations.  Our network architecture pairs the strength of a traditional infrastructure with IP and MPLS platforms. These platforms, in conjunction with our software development expertise and proprietary technology, allow us to offer a product line that includes advanced, converged services, such as our cloud-based solutions, Virtual Private Network ( VPN ) and complex multi-location services, on a cost effective basis. Our network topology incorporates metro Ethernet over Copper ( EoC ) access technology, enabling us to provide multi-megabit data services through copper loops to customers from selected major metropolitan colocations, resulting in lower costs and higher margins. In addition, we are able to deliver our cloud-based communications services nationwide utilizing partner carriers for last-mile access and via customer provided access, i.e. bring your own broadband.  A significant portion of our customer base has been migrated to our IP- and multiprotocol label switching ( MPLS )-based infrastructure, which enhances the performance of our network.  
  Following the restructuring of our balance sheet in the third quarter of 2012, we began making incremental investments in various organic revenue growth initiatives, including enhancements to our direct sales force and channel partners programs, marketing support, product development and software development for our hosted Voice Over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) product offering.  The total cost of these initiatives is substantial, representing several million dollars of incremental spending.  These investments are likely to continue as we maintain our focus on potential growth initiatives. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

As a result of these initiatives, our recent levels of new customers, sales activations, backlog pending activation and customer and revenue retention have improved.  Because of these and other factors, we believe we are in a period of relative revenue and EBITDA stability, and will continue to focus on further accelerating the growth of our cloud revenue stream.  However, during the transition to improving results, we may continue to experience some volatility due to several factors, including but not limited to our ongoing growth investments and the occurrence of certain non-recurring items that affect our results. 

13 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain financial data as a percentage of total revenues.   

Key Components of Results of Operations 
  Revenues 
       
  Our revenues, as detailed in the table above, consist primarily of network services revenues, which consists primarily of voice and data managed and cloud-based services, wholesale services and access services. Voice and data services consist of local dial tone, long distance and data services, as well as managed and cloud-based services. Wholesale services consist of voice and data services, cloud-based services, and transport services provided to other carriers, as well as data colocation services provided to end users and other carriers.  Similar to our end-user revenue, greater than 20% of our wholesale revenue stream consists of cloud-based services.  Carrier access services include carrier access and reciprocal compensation revenue, which consists primarily of usage charges that we bill to other carriers to originate and terminate their calls from and to our customers. Network services revenues represents a predominantly recurring revenue stream linked to our end-user and wholesale customers. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   approximately   88%   of our total revenue was generated from end-user customer voice and data products and services. Revenue from data and integrated voice/data products, including cloud-based services and T-1/T-3 and other managed services has been trending to an increasing percentage of our overall revenue over the past several years, while voice revenues have been declining primarily due to the decline in revenue from traditional voice services, or Plain Old Telephone Services ( POTS ). Our cloud-based revenues have grown from 2012 to 2016 at a   14%   CAGR.  As a result, the average quarterly decline in our core voice and data revenue, which excludes certain ancillary voice and data revenue components, has improved significantly over the past several years.  We expect our voice and data revenue will continue to be characterized by significant growth in our end-user cloud revenue offsetting most, if not all, of the decline in our traditional revenue streams.    Our cloud-based products and services comprised approximately   34%   of our end-user revenue and approximately   65%     of new end-user sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  We continue to focus on cloud-based, data and managed services as growth opportunities as we expect the industry to trend toward lower usage components of legacy products such as long distance and local usage. This lower usage is primarily driven by trends toward customers using more online and wireless communications and bundling of minutes of usage in product offerings. 
  Cost of Revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
  Our network services cost of revenues consists primarily of both the cost of operating our network facilities and the costs related to our off-net customers. Determining our cost of revenues requires significant estimates. The network components for our facilities-based business include the cost of:  
             
    leasing local voice grade loops and digital lines which connect our customers to our network;  
                
    leasing high capacity digital lines that connect our switching equipment to our colocations;  
                
    leasing high capacity digital lines and related trunking that interconnect our network with the ILECs and other carrier partners;  
                
    leasing space, power and terminal connections in the ILEC central offices for colocating our equipment;  
                
    signaling system network connectivity;  
                
    leasing space and purchasing power to support our various switch site locations; and  
                
    Internet transit and peering, which is the cost of delivering Internet traffic from our customers to the public Internet.  
     The costs to obtain local loops, digital lines and high capacity digital interoffice transport facilities from the ILECs vary by carrier and state, are governed by our various ILEC interconnection agreements and other ILEC contracts and tariffs and are regulated under federal and state laws.  Within our footprint we often obtain local loops, T-1 lines and interoffice transport capacity from the ILECs. We also obtain interoffice facilities from carriers other than the ILECs, where possible, in order to lower costs and improve network redundancy; however, in many cases, the ILECs are our only source for local loops and T-1 lines. We have entered into agreements with cable providers as another alternative for local loops.  We do not expect these extensions to materially impact our future financial condition, results of operations, of cash flows. 
  Our off-net network services cost of revenues consists of amounts we pay to Verizon, Frontier Communications Corporation, Fairpoint Communications, Inc. ( FairPoint ) and AT T, Inc. ( AT T ) pursuant to our commercial agreements with them. Rates for such services are prescribed in the commercial agreements and available for the term of the agreements. The FairPoint commercial agreement operates on a month-to-month basis. Our Verizon commercial agreement expires in 2019.  The Company has also entered into multiple tariffed agreements with Verizon under which the Company purchases special access services as well as an associated commercial agreement pursuant to which the Company takes a variety of high-bandwidth services; these agreements have substantial revenue commitments.  These tariffed agreements and associated commercial agreement expire at the end of 2017.  The Frontier Communications Corporation agreement expires in October 2017, as does the AT T agreement. 
  Our network services cost of revenues also include the fees we pay for long distance, data and other services. We have entered into long-term wholesale purchasing agreements for these services. Some of these agreements contain significant termination penalties and/or minimum volume commitments.  

15 

     Table of Contents  

Gross Profit (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
  Gross profit (exclusive of depreciation and amortization), referred to herein as  gross profit , as presented in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, represents income from operations, before depreciation and amortization and SG A. Gross profit is a non-GAAP financial measure used by our management, together with financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP such as revenue, cost of revenue, and income from operations to assess our historical and prospective operating performance.   
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of gross profit to income from operations as income from operations is calculated in accordance with GAAP: 

Gross profit is not a financial measurement prepared in accordance with GAAP.  See  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Key Components of Result of Operations   Gross Profit (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)  in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for our reasons for including gross profit data in this quarterly report and for material limitations with respect to the usefulness of this measurement. 
  Selling, General and Administrative 
  Selling, General and Administrative is comprised primarily of salaries and related expenses, software development expenses, occupancy costs, sales and marketing expenses, commission expenses, bad debt expense, billing expenses, professional services expenses, and insurance expenses.  
  Determining our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable requires significant estimates. In determining the proper level for the allowance we consider factors such as historical collections experience, the aging of the accounts receivable portfolio and economic conditions. We perform a credit review process on each new significant customer that involves reviewing the customer s current service provider bill and payment history, matching customers with national databases for delinquent customers and, in some cases, requesting credit reviews through Dun   Bradstreet Corporation.  
    
  During the latter part of 2012, and continuing through today, we launched several new initiatives directed at supporting our revenue growth initiatives.  These included recruiting expenses for new sales personnel, new quota bearing sales personnel and sales management, purchasing lead generation data bases, increasing support for channel sales, increasing software and systems development teams for OfficeSuite  and costs associated with a new sales and customer relationship management software package implementation. 
  Depreciation and Amortization 
  Our depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation for network related voice and data equipment, fiber, back-office systems, third party conversion costs, furniture, fixtures, leasehold improvements, office equipment and computers and amortization of intangibles associated with mergers, acquisitions and software development costs. 

16 

     Table of Contents  

Adjusted EBITDA Presentation 
  Adjusted EBITDA as presented in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations represents net loss before depreciation and amortization, interest income and expense, provision for income taxes, and other non-recurring items described in the table below that are not part of our core operations. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure used by our management, together with financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP such as net income (loss), income from operations and revenues, to assess our historical and prospective operating performance.  
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss as net loss is calculated in accordance with GAAP:  

For more information regarding Adjusted EBITDA data, and for material limitations with respect to the usefulness of this measurement, see the section of the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 entitled  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Key Components of Results of Operations   Adjusted EBITDA Presentation . 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
  Set forth below is a discussion and analysis of our results of operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
  The following table provides a breakdown of components of our gross profit for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Revenues 
  Revenues for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

Revenues from voice and data services were unchanged between   2015   and   2016  . Within voice and data services, revenues from cloud-based services increased   $3.0 million  , or   16.6%  . This increase is due to our expanded efforts on selling our cloud-based services. Revenues from core voice and data services, excluding cloud-based services, decreased   $4.0 million  , or   9.1%  . The decrease in non-cloud core services was due to: i) a lower number of lines and customers, ii) lower usage revenue per customer and iii) lower prices per unit for certain traditional services. Ancillary voice and data revenues increased   $1.0 million   primarily due to nonrecurring revenue. Wholesale revenues increased by   $0.2 million   or   2.3%  . Access revenues decreased by   $0.1 million  , or   6.5%  , due to several factors, including: i) lower per-minute rates charged to carriers as a result of Federal Communications Commission-mandated rate decreases, offset by ii)  increased levels of traffic to which access charges are applicable. Other revenues decreased   $0.3 million   between   2015   and   2016   as a result of a reduction in certain non-recurring ancillary revenues associated with our contracting traditional revenue stream. 
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

Cost of Revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
    
  Cost of revenues were   $30.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   5.4%   from   $32.1 million   for the same period in   2015  .   The decrease is primarily due to the increased proportion of cloud-based services, the identification and elimination of certain inefficiencies in our operating platforms, and negotiations of lower costs from our vendors.  As a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues decreased to   41.7%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   43.9%   for the same period in   2015  .  
  Gross Profit (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
    
  Gross profit was $  42.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   3.7%   from $  40.9 million   for the same period in   2015  .      As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to   58.3%   in   2016   from   56.1%   in   2015  .  We are focusing sales initiatives towards increasing the amount of cloud-based services, as we believe that these initiatives will produce incrementally higher margins than those currently reported from traditional voice services. In addition, as we continue to drive additional cost saving initiatives, including provisioning customers to our on-net facilities, identifying additional inaccuracies in billing from existing carriers, renegotiating existing agreements and executing new agreements with additional vendors, we believe that our gross profit as a percentage of revenue will continue to improve over time. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative 
    
  SG A expenses were $  29.6 million  ,   40.7%   of revenues, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   5.0%   from $  31.2 million  ,   42.7%   of revenues, for the same period in   2015  .  This decrease is primarily due to i) $1.3 million reduction in headcount and related expenses, along with ii) $0.3 million net reductions in various other expenses.    
    
            We continue to seek additional cost savings in various categories including headcount and professional services.  
  Depreciation and Amortization 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense was $  7.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   4.8%   from $  7.3 million   for the same period in   2015  . This decrease in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily the result of property and equipment becoming fully depreciated in 2015. 
  Interest 
    
  Interest expense was   $4.6 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 an increase of   15.7%   from    $4.0 million   for the same period in 2015.  The increase is primarily due to the recording of non-debt related interest expense associated with contingent liabilities.  Our effective annual interest rates for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

(1)     Without the additional non-debt related interest expense as described above, the effective interest rate was 10.44% for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
  Set forth below is a discussion and analysis of our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  . 
  The following table provides a breakdown of components of our statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  : 

Revenues 
  Revenues for the nine months ended September 30,   2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

Revenues from voice and data services have decreased   $0.5 million   or   0.3%   between 2015 and 2016. Within voice and data services, revenues from cloud-based services increased   $8.9 million  , or   16.6%  . This increase is due to our expanded efforts on selling our cloud-based services.  Revenues from core voice and data services, excluding cloud-based services decreased   $10.4 million  , or   7.9%   due to: i)  a lower number of lines and customers, ii) lower usage revenue per customer, and iii) lower prices per unit for certain traditional services. Ancillary voice and data revenue increased   $1 million   due to nonrecurring revenue.   Wholesale revenues increased by   $0.4 million   or   1.9%  . The increase is attributable to growth from new customers and included some non-recurring revenue.     Carrier access revenues, which includes a net negative change in non-recurring amounts, decreased by   1.0%  . Excluding the non-recurring revenue, core access revenues increased due to several factors, including: increasing levels of traffic to which access charges are applicable, offset by lower per-minute rates charged to carriers as a result of Federal Communications Commission-mandated rate decreases. Other revenues decreased   $1.1 million   or 39% between 2015 and 2016 as a result of a reduction in certain non-recurring ancillary revenues associated with our contracting traditional revenue stream. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Cost of Revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
    
  Cost of revenues were   $92.5 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   5.6%   from   $98.0 million   for the same period in   2015  . The decrease is primarily due to the increased proportion of cloud-based services, the identification and elimination of certain inefficiencies in our operating platforms, and negotiations of lower costs from our vendors.  As a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues decreased to   42.5%   in 2016 from   44.7%   in 2015.   
  Gross Profit (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
    
  Gross profit was   $125.1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   3.4%   from   $121.0 million   for the same period in 2015.  As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to   57.5%   in 2016 from   55.3%   in 2015. We are focusing sales initiatives towards increasing the amount of cloud-based services, as we believe that these initiatives will produce incrementally higher margins than those currently reported from traditional voice services. In addition, as we continue to drive additional cost saving initiatives, including provisioning customers to our on-net facilities, identifying additional inaccuracies in billing from existing carriers, renegotiating existing agreements and executing new agreements with additional vendors, we believe that our gross profit as a percentage of revenue will continue to improve over time. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative 
    
  SG A expenses were   $88.6 million  ,   40.7%   of revenues, for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   5.2%   from   $93.4 million  ,   42.7%   of revenues, for the same period in 2015. This decrease is primarily due to i) $2.9 million reduction in headcount and related expenses, ii) $0.8 million reduction in repairs and contract maintenance, and iii) $1.1 million net reductions in various other expenses. 
    
  We continue to seek additional cost savings in various categories including headcount and professional services. 
  Depreciation and Amortization 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense was   $21.3 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   3.8%   from    $22.2 million   for the same period in 2015. This decrease in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily the result of property and equipment becoming fully depreciated in 2015. 
  Interest 
       
  Interest expense was   $13.0 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   6.4%   from   $12.3 million   for the same period in 2015. The increase is primarily due to the recording of non-debt related interest expense associated with contingent liabilities.  Our effective annual interest rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

(1)     Without the additional non-debt related interest expense as described above, the effective interest rate was 10.39% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

21 

Table of Contents  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We have no special purpose or limited purpose entities that provide off-balance sheet financing, liquidity, or market or credit risk support, and we do not currently engage in hedging, research and development services, or other relationships that expose us to any liabilities that are not reflected on the face of our financial statements.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our principal sources of liquidity are cash from operations, cash and cash equivalents on hand and a revolving credit facility. Our revolving credit facility has a current maximum availability of $25.0 million and is due in October 2017.  Any outstanding amounts under the revolving credit facility are subject to a borrowing base limitation based on an advance rate of 85% of the amount of eligible receivables, as defined. Our borrowing base has limited our availability to $17.8 million, of which $11.5 million was outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  .  In addition to our normal operating requirements, our short-term liquidity needs consist of interest on the Notes, which are due in November 2017, capital expenditures and working capital. As of   September 30, 2016  , our   $23.4 million   of cash and cash equivalents was being held in several large financial institutions, although most of our balances exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. We anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents balances, along with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we will require approximately $23.6 million in cash to service the interest due on the Notes throughout the remaining life of the Notes. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred capital expenditures of   $16.7 million  . Fixed and success-based capital expenditures will continue to be a significant use of liquidity and capital resources. A majority of our planned capital expenditures are  success-based  expenditures, meaning that they are directly linked to new revenue. 
  Disputes 
  We continue to be involved in a variety of disputes with multiple carrier vendors relating to billings of approximately   $11.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .  While we hope to resolve these disputes through negotiation, we may be compelled to arbitrate these matters. We believe we have accrued an amount appropriate to settle all outstanding disputed charges. However, it is possible that the actual settlement of any outstanding disputes may differ from our reserves and that we may settle at amounts greater than the estimates. We believe we will have sufficient cash on hand to fund any differences between our expected and actual settlement amounts. In the event that disputes are not resolved in our favor and we are unable to pay the vendor charges in a timely manner, the vendor may deny us access to the network facilities that we require to serve our customers. If the vendor notifies us of an impending  embargo  of this nature, we may be required to notify our customers of a potential loss of service, which may cause a substantial loss of customers. It is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of these disputes. 
  Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
  Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
  Cash provided by operating activities was   $26.0 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $  18.6 million   for the same period in   2015  . This increase in cash flow from operating activities is primarily due to higher consolidated earnings and timing differences. 
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
  Cash used in investing activities was $  16.7 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to $  19.4 million   for the same period in   2015  .  The change in cash flow from investing activities was primarily due to a decrease in capital expenditures of   $2.9 million  . 
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
  Cash flows used in financing activities was   $1.1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.9 million   for the same period in 2015. The change in cash flows from financing activities was primarily due to lower repayments on our revolving credit facility in 2016. 

22 

Table of Contents  

Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. We use historical experience and all available information to make these judgments and estimates and actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions that are used to prepare our financial statements at any given time. Despite these inherent limitations, management believes that Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the accompanying Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements provide a meaningful and fair perspective of our financial condition and our operating results. 
  We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.  
  For more information, see the section of our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   entitled  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates . 

Other Matters 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had NOLs available totaling approximately   $183.1 million  , which begin to expire in 2022. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have provided a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax asset, of which the NOLs are the primary component, because we do not believe it is more likely than not that this asset will be realized. If we achieve profitability, the net deferred tax assets may be available to offset future income tax liabilities. 

23 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     In the normal course of business, our financial position is subject to a variety of risks, such as the collectability of our accounts receivable and the recoverability of the carrying values of our long-term assets. Our debt obligations consist primarily of the Notes with a fixed interest rate.  We are not exposed to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates or commodity prices. We do not hold any derivative financial instruments nor do we hold any securities for trading or speculative purposes. 
  We continually monitor the collectability of our accounts receivable and have not noted any significant changes in our collections as a result of current economic and market conditions. We believe that our allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate as of   September 30, 2016  . Should the market conditions worsen or should our customers  ability to pay decrease, we may be required to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, which would result in a charge to our SG A expenses. 
  Our available cash balances are invested on a short-term basis (generally overnight) and, accordingly, are not subject to significant risks associated with changes in interest rates. Substantially all of our cash flows are derived from our operations within the United States and we are not subject to market risk associated with changes in foreign exchange rates. 
  The fair value of the Notes at   September 30, 2016  , was approximately   $147.6 million   and was based on publicly quoted market prices. The Notes, like all fixed rate securities, are subject to interest rate risk and will fall in value if market interest rates increase. 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
            As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15.  Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  .  For information regarding the Company's annual assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, see our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

24 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     We are not currently a party to any material legal action. We are, however, party to certain legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. We are also involved in certain billing and contractual disputes with our vendors. We do not believe that the ultimate outcome of any of the foregoing actions will result in any liability that would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  For more information, see the section entitled  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those set forth in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which should be read in conjunction with this report. 
  These risks are not the only risks that we face.  Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     None. 

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
     None. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     Not Applicable. 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 
     None. 

25 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
     The following exhibits are filed herewith: 

26 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on   October 27, 2016  . 

BROADVIEW NETWORKS HOLDINGS, INC.    

By:   
    /s/ Michael K. Robinson   

Name:   
    Michael K. Robinson  

Title:   
    Chief Executive Officer, President and Director  

By:   
    /s/ Corey Rinker   

Name:   
    Corey Rinker  

Title:   
    Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and 
  Assistant Secretary  

27 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bnhex311-9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Michael K. Robinson, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures  ,   as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Michael K. Robinson   

Michael K. Robinson  

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director  

Date:   October 27, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bnhex312-9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Corey Rinker, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Corey Rinker   

Corey Rinker  

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and 
  Assistant Secretary  

Date:   October 27, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 bnhex321-9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Michael K. Robinson, the Chief Executive Officer of Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
              
    The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael K. Robinson   

Michael K. Robinson  

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director  

Date:   October 27, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 bnhex322-9302016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Corey Rinker, the Chief Financial Officer of Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
              
    The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Corey Rinker   

Corey Rinker  

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and 
  Assistant Secretary  

Date:   October 27, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bvn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bvn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bvn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bvn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bvn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bvn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

