<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161123_10-K_edgar_data_33619_0001564590-16-029614_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>37429445</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1043363</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1155044</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10106528</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11897624</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7095865</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>195</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>23</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-029614.hdr.sgml : 20161123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161123160301
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-029614
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		238
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000033619
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INSTRUMENTS FOR MEASUREMENT, DISPLAY, AND CONTROL [3823]
		IRS NUMBER:				132595091
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06357
		FILM NUMBER:		162016613

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 - 108TH AVENUE NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4254539400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 - 108TH AVENUE NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ESTERLINE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910317

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BOYAR SCHULTZ INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19671101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-029614.txt : 20161123

10-K
 1
 esl-10k_20160930.htm
 ESL-FY16-10K

esl-10k_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
 FORM 10-K  
       ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2016 . 
 OR  
       TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from                         to 
 Commission file number  1-6357   
   
 ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   

13-2595091   

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

500 108th Avenue N.E., Bellevue, Washington 98004   
 (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)  
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code  (425) 453-9400   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Title of each class   

Name of each exchange on which registered   

Common Stock ($.20 par value)  

New York Stock Exchange  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.        
 
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is   a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer  .    See definition of  accelerated filer      and      large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act  .  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes       No        
 As of November 21, 2016, 29,574,501 shares of the Registrant s common stock were outstanding.  The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates as of April 1, 2016, was $1,890,571,487 (based upon the closing sales price of $64.20 per share). 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference  
 Part III incorporates information by reference to the registrant s definitive proxy statement, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.  

PART I  
 This Report includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect the Company s current views with respect to future events and financial performance.  Please refer to the section addressing forward-looking information on page 10 for further discussion.  In this report,  we,   our,   us,   Company,  and  Esterline  refer to Esterline Technologies Corporation and subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted or context otherwise indicates.  
   
 Explanatory Note 
 We changed our fiscal year to the twelve months ending the last Friday in September, effective beginning with the year ended on September 30, 2016.  As a result, our 2015 fiscal year was shortened from twelve months to an eleven-month transition period ended on October 2, 2015.  We reported our first fiscal quarter as the three months ended January 30, 2015, second fiscal quarter as the three months ended May 1, 2015, and third fiscal quarter as the three months ended July 31, 2015, followed by a two-month transition period ended October 2, 2015. 
 Unless otherwise noted in this Part I:  

When financial results for the 2015 transition period are compared with financial results for the prior-year period, the results compare the eleven-month periods ended October 2, 2015, and September 26, 2014, respectively.       

The results for the twelve-month period and three-month period ended October 2, 2015, are unaudited.  The results for the eleven-month period and two-month period ended September 26, 2014, are unaudited. 
   
 Item 1.  Business  
 General Development of Business 
 Esterline, a Delaware corporation formed in 1967, is a leading specialized manufacturing company principally serving aerospace and defense customers.  We design, manufacture and market highly engineered products and systems for application within the industries we serve. 
 Our current business and strategic plan focuses on continued development of our products principally for aerospace and defense markets in three key technology segments:  Avionics   Controls, Sensors   Systems, and Advanced Materials.  Our products are often mission critical, which have been designed into particular military and commercial platforms, and in certain cases can only be replaced by products of other manufacturers following a formal certification process.  We are concentrating our efforts to expand our capabilities in these markets, anticipate the global needs of our customers and respond to such needs with comprehensive solutions.  These efforts focus on continuous research and new product development, acquisitions, and strategic realignment of operations to expand our capabilities as a more comprehensive supplier to our customers across our entire product offering.  Such expansion included the January 2015 acquisition of the defense, aerospace and training display (DAT) business of Belgium-based Barco N.V. (Barco) and the December 2013 acquisition of the Sunbank Family of Companies, LLC (Sunbank).  These acquisitions are described in more detail in the  Liquidity and Capital Resources  section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Continuing Operations contained in Item 7 of this report. 
 In December 2013, we announced the acceleration of our plans to consolidate certain facilities and create cost efficiencies through shared services in sales, general and administrative and support functions.  We incurred costs of $8.7 million in fiscal 2016 and $14.6 million in the recast twelve-month period of fiscal 2015 associated with these activities.  The costs include severance, relocation of facilities, and losses from the write off of certain property, plant and equipment. 
   In March 2014, we entered into a Consent Agreement with the U.S. Department of State s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance (DDTC) to resolve alleged International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) civil violations.  Among other things, the Consent Agreement required us to pay a $20 million penalty, of which $10 million was suspended and eligible for offset credit based upon verified expenditures for past and future actions, and to continue to implement ongoing compliance measures and to implement additional remedial measures related to ITAR compliance activities.  In fiscal 2016, the DTCC approved costs we incurred to implement compliance measures to fully offset  
 3 
 
  the $10 million suspended payment.  More information about the Consent Agreement   is set forth in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this report.  
 In September 2014, our board of directors approved the plan to sell certain non-core business units including Eclipse Electronic Systems, Inc. (Eclipse), a manufacturer of embedded communication intercept receivers for signal intelligence applications; Wallop Defence Systems, Ltd. (Wallop), a manufacturer of flare countermeasure devices; Pacific Aerospace and Electronics Inc. (PA E), a manufacturer of hermetically sealed electrical connectors; and a small distribution business.  These businesses are reported as discontinued operations.  We recorded an estimated after-tax loss of $49.5 million in fiscal 2014 on the assets held for sale in discontinued operations. 
 On June 5, 2015, we sold Eclipse for $7.9 million.  We retained ownership of the land, building and building improvements, which are being held for sale.  In addition, on July 20, 2015, we sold PA E for $22.3 million.  In fiscal 2015, we approved a plan to sell a small manufacturing business included in our Avionics   Controls segment, which is reported as discontinued operations in all periods presented.   
 On May 4, 2016, we sold certain assets of Wallop for 2.5 million British pounds and deferred compensation up to a maximum payment of 9 million British pounds.  The deferred compensation is payable based upon receipt of acceptable orders during a three year period ending May 3, 2019, and is equal to the amount of the acceptable order times a specified percentage ranging from 26.5% to 31%.  The earn-out payment is estimated to be 5.8 million British pounds at September 30, 2016. 
 On June 6, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell Wallop s naval business for 1.25 million euros, a contingent payment for 1.25 million euros and deferred compensation.  Deferred compensation is based upon the receipt of certain acceptable orders by October 31, 2019, and is equal to the amount of the order times 10%.  Closing is contingent upon actions by third parties, including agreements to novate and enter into new supply contracts with the buyer and customer validation of a specific raw material essential for the end products delivered to the customer. 
 We recorded an estimated after-tax loss of $8.4 million and $30.8 million in fiscal 2016 and for the twelve-month period ended October 2, 2015, respectively, on assets held for sale in discontinued operations. 
 Our products have a long history in the aerospace and defense industry and are found on most military and commercial aircraft, helicopters, and land-based systems.  For example, our products are used on the majority of active and in-production U.S. military aircraft and on every Boeing commercial aircraft platform manufactured in the past 75 years.  In addition, our products are supplied to Airbus, many of the major regional and business jet manufacturers, and the major aircraft engine manufacturers.  We work closely with OEMs on new, highly engineered products with the objective of such products becoming designed into our customers  platforms; this integration often results in sole-source positions for OEM production and aftermarket business.  We broadly categorize our commercial and military aerospace aftermarket sales as retrofit, repair services, and spare parts.  Spare parts alone made up approximately 7% of total sales in fiscal 2016.  Retrofit and repair services, which represent 2% of total sales in fiscal 2016, carry higher margins than OEM sales but lower margins than spare parts sales.  In many cases, our aftermarket sales span the entire life of an aircraft.  
 We differentiate ourselves through our engineering and manufacturing capabilities and our reputation for safety, quality, on-time delivery, reliability, and innovation   all embodied in the Esterline Operating System, our way of approaching business that helps ensure all employees are focused on continuous improvement, teamwork, a safe work environment and compliance.  Safety of our operations is a critical factor in our business, and accordingly, we incorporate applicable regulatory guidance in the design of our facilities and train our employees using a behavior-based approach that focuses on safety-designed work habits and on-going safety audits.  Our industries are highly regulated, and compliance with applicable regulations, including export control and anti-bribery regulations, is an important focus in our business.  We have a global code of business conduct and ethics, and we provide all-employee training and maintain local ethics advisors and export control specialists in our business units to support our compliance efforts.  In fiscal 2016, we continued our significant efforts to build and strengthen our trade compliance program, driven in large part by the requirements of the Consent Agreement discussed above. 
 Our sales are diversified across three broad markets:  defense, commercial aerospace and general industrial.  For fiscal 2016, approximately 35% of our sales were from the defense market, 45% from the commercial aerospace market, and 20% from the general industrial market. 
 Financial Information About Industry Segments 
 A summary of net sales to unaffiliated customers, operating earnings and identifiable assets attributable to our business segments for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014 is reported in Note 18 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this report. 
 4 
 
    Description of Business  
 Avionics   Controls 
 Our Avionics   Controls business segment includes avionics systems, control and communication systems, and interface technologies capabilities.  Avionics systems designs and develops cockpit systems integration as well as avionics and visualization solutions for commercial and defense applications.  Control and communication systems designs and manufactures technology interface systems for military and commercial aircraft and land- and sea-based military vehicles.  Additionally, control and communication systems designs and manufactures military audio and data products for severe battlefield environments and communication control systems to enhance security and aural clarity in military applications.  Interface technologies manufactures and develops custom control panels and input systems for medical, industrial, military and gaming industries.  We are a market leader in global positioning systems (GPS), heads-up displays, enhanced vision systems, and electronic flight management systems that are used in a broad variety of control and display applications.  In addition, we develop, manufacture and market sophisticated, highly reliable technology interface systems for commercial and military aircraft.  These products include lighted push-button and rotary switches, keyboards, lighted indicators, panels and displays.  Our products have been integrated into many existing aircraft designs, including every Boeing commercial aircraft platform currently in production.  Our large installed base provides us with an ongoing source of spare parts and retrofit business.  We are a Tier 1 supplier on the Boeing 787 program to design and manufacture all of the cockpit overhead panels and embedded software for these systems.   We provide both high-quality and affordable visual display solutions to the air traffic control, naval, ground vehicles and unmanned systems and simulation and training markets.  Our simulation and training solutions include a 360-degree rear projection display that offers high contrast and resolution and various types of large field-of-view collimated displays, and a deployable display with a roll-up, seamless spherical screen  .   We manufacture control sticks, grips and wheels, as well as specialized switching systems.  In this area, we primarily serve commercial and military aviation and airborne and ground-based military equipment manufacturing customers.  For example, we are a leading manufacturer of pilot control grips for most types of military fighter jets and helicopters.  Additionally, our software engineering center supports our customers  needs with such applications as primary flight displays, flight management systems, air data computers and engine control systems. 
 Our proprietary products meet critical operational requirements and provide customers with significant technological advantages in such areas as night vision compatibility and active-matrix liquid-crystal displays (a technology enabling pilots to read display screens in a variety of light conditions as well as from extreme angles).  Our products are incorporated in a wide variety of platforms ranging from military helicopters, fighters and transports, to commercial wide- and narrow-body, regional and business jets.  In fiscal 2016, some of our largest customers for these products included Airbus, BAE Systems, The Boeing Company, Hawker Beechcraft, Honeywell, Lockheed Martin, Rockwell Collins, and Thales. 
 In addition, we design and manufacture ruggedized military personal communication equipment, primarily headsets, handsets and field communications.  We are the sole supplier of Active Noise Reduction (ANR) headsets to the British Army s tracked and wheeled vehicle fleets under the Bowman communication system program.  We supply ANR headsets to the U.S. Army s tracked and wheeled vehicle fleets, including Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) and MRAP All-Terrain Vehicle (M-ATV) through the Vehicle Intercom System (VIS) and VIS-X programs comprising over 200,000 vehicles.  We are the sole supplier to the U.S. Marine Corps for their MRAP and M-ATV fleets.  We are also the sole ANR headset supplier to the Canadian Army.  We have a long-standing relationship with allied armies around the world, including forces in Australia, India, Saudi Arabia, and Spain.  In fiscal 2016, some of our largest customers for these products included Aselsan Elektronik,  The Boeing Company, General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and Simex Defence. 
 We also manufacture a full line of keyboard, switch and input technologies for specialized medical equipment, high-tech gaming applications, and communication systems for military applications.  These products include custom keyboards, keypads, and input devices that integrate cursor control devices, barcode scanners, displays, video, and voice activation and touch screens.  We also produce instruments that are used for point-of-use and point-of-care diagnostics.  We have developed a wide variety of technologies, including plastic and vinyl membranes that protect high-use switches and fully depressible buttons, and backlit elastomer switch coverings that are resistant to exposure from harsh chemicals.  These technologies now serve as the foundation for a small but growing portion of our product line.  In fiscal 2016, some of our largest customers for these products included Aristocrat Technologies, General Electric, Nuance, Philips, and Roche. 
 Sensors   Systems 
   Our Sensors   Systems business segment includes power systems, connection technologies and advanced sensors capabilities.  We develop and manufacture high-precision temperature, pressure and speed sensors principally for aerospace customers, electrical interconnection systems for severe environments for aerospace, defense, geophysics   marine, rail, and nuclear customers, as well as electrical power switching, control and data communication devices, and other related systems principally for aerospace and defense customers.  We are the sole-source and aftersales supplier of temperature probes for use  
 5 
 
  on all versions of the General Electric/Snecma CFM-56 jet engine.  The CFM-56 jet engine has an installed base of over 30,000, and is standard equipment on the current genera  tion Boeing 737 aircraft and approximately 50% of Airbus aircraft.  We manufacture sensors for the environmental control system for Boeing 787 aircraft, and provide the primary power distribution assembly for the Airbus A400M military transport.  Additiona  lly, we have a Tier 1 position with Rolls-Royce for a large suite of sensors for the engines that power the A400M and A350.  We design and manufacture micro packaging, planet probe interconnectors, launcher umbilicals, and composite connectors for the Boei  ng 787.  Unique electrical interconnection products account for a significant portion of our connection technologies sales.  The principal customers for our products in this business segment are jet engine manufacturers, airframe and industrial manufacture  rs.  In fiscal 2016, some of our largest customers for these products included Airbus, The Boeing Company, Flame, General Electric, Labinal, Rolls-Royce, Snecma, TTI, Inc., and United Technology Corporation Aerospace Systems (UTAS).  
 Advanced Materials 
 Our Advanced Materials business segment includes engineered materials and defense technologies capabilities.  We develop and manufacture high-performance elastomer products used in a wide range of commercial aerospace, space and military applications, and highly engineered thermal components for commercial aerospace and industrial applications.  We also develop and manufacture combustible ordnance and countermeasures for military applications. 
 Specialized High-Performance Applications .  We specialize in the development of proprietary formulations for silicone rubber and other elastomer products.  Our elastomer products are engineered to address specific customer requirements where superior performance in high temperature, high pressure, caustic, abrasive and other difficult environments is critical.  These products include clamping devices, thermal fire barrier insulation products, sealing systems, tubing and coverings designed in custom-molded shapes.  Some of the products include proprietary elastomers that are specifically designed for use on or near a jet engine.  We are a leading U.S. supplier of high-performance elastomer products to the aerospace industry, with our primary customers for these products being jet and rocket engine manufacturers, commercial and military airframe manufacturers, as well as commercial airlines.  In fiscal 2016, some of the largest customers for these products included The Boeing Company, General Electric, KLX Aerospace Solutions, Lockheed Martin, and UTAS.  
 We also develop and manufacture high temperature, lightweight metallic insulation systems for aerospace and marine applications.  Our commercial aerospace programs include the Boeing 737, A320, and A380 series aircraft and the V2500 and BR710 engines.  Our insulation material is used on diesel engine manifolds for earthmoving and agricultural applications.  In addition, we specialize in the development of thermal protection for fire, nuclear, and petro-chemical industries.  We design and manufacture high temperature components for industrial and marine markets.  Our manufacturing processes consist of cutting, pressing, and welding stainless steel, inconel, and titanium fabrications.  In fiscal 2016, some of the largest customers of these products included Airbus, Rolls-Royce, and Spirit AeroSystems. 
 Ordnance and Countermeasure Applications .  We develop and manufacture combustible ordnance and warfare countermeasure devices for military customers.  We manufacture molded fiber cartridge cases, mortar increments, igniter tubes and other combustible ordnance components primarily for the U.S. Department of Defense.  We are currently the sole supplier of combustible casings utilized by the U.S. Armed Forces.  Sales are made either directly to the U.S. Department of Defense or through prime contractors, Alliant Techsystems and General Dynamics.  These products include the combustible case for the U.S. Army s new generation 155mm Modular Artillery Charge System, the 120mm combustible case used with the main armament system on the U.S. Army and Marine Corps  M1-A1/2 tanks, and the 60mm, 81mm and 120mm combustible mortar increments.  We are one of two suppliers to the U.S. Army of infrared decoy flares used by aircraft to help protect against radar and infrared guided missiles.  We are currently the only supplier to the U.S. Army of countermeasures against radar based threats.  
 A summary of product lines contributing sales of 10% or more of total sales for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014 is reported in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this report. 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 We believe that a key to continued success is our ability to meet customer requirements both domestically and internationally.  We have and will continue to improve our world-wide sales and distribution channels in order to provide wider market coverage and to improve the effectiveness of our customers  supply chain.  For example, our medical device assembly operation in Shanghai, China, serves our global medical customers, our service center in Singapore improves our capabilities in Asia for our temperature sensor customers, and our engineering and marketing offices in Bangalore, India, facilitate marketing opportunities in India.  Other enhancements include combining sales and marketing forces of our operating units where appropriate, cross-training our sales representatives on multiple product lines, and cross-stocking our spares and components. 
 6 
 
    In the technical and highly engineered product segments in which we compete, relationship selling is   particularly appropriate in targeted marketing segments where customer and supplier design and engineering inputs need to be tightly integrated.  Participation in industry trade shows is an effective method of meeting customers, introducing new products, a  nd exchanging technical specifications.  In addition to technical and industry conferences, our products are supported through direct internal international sales efforts, as well as through manufacturer representatives and selected distributors.  As of Se  ptember 30, 2016, 387 sales people, 309 representatives, and 306 distributors supported our operations.  
 Backlog 
 Backlog was $1.3 billion at September 30, 2016, and $1.2 billion at October 2, 2015.  We estimate that approximately $355 million of backlog is scheduled to be shipped after fiscal 2017. 
 Backlog is subject to cancellation until delivered, and therefore, we cannot assure that our backlog will be converted into revenue in any particular period or at all.  Backlog does not include the total contract value of cost-plus reimbursable contracts, which are funded as we incur the costs.  Except for the released portion, backlog also does not include fixed-price, multi-year contracts. 
 Competition 
 Our products and services are affected by varying degrees of competition.  We compete with other companies in most markets we serve.  Many of these companies have far greater sales volumes and financial resources than we do.  Some of our competitors are also our customers on certain programs.  The principal competitive factors in the commercial markets in which we participate are product performance, on-time delivery performance, quality, service and price.  Part of product performance requires expenditures in research and development that lead to product improvement.  The market for many of our products may be affected by rapid and significant technological changes and new product introductions.  Our principal competitors include Astronautics, BAE, Bose, Eaton, Elbit, EMS, GE Aerospace, Honeywell, IAI, L-3, Otto Controls, RAFI, Rockwell Collins, SELEX, Telephonics, Thales, Ultra Electronics, Universal Avionics Systems Corporation, and Zodiac in our Avionics   Controls segment; Ametek, Amphenol, Eaton, Meggitt, STPI-Deutsch, TE Connectivity, and Zodiac in our Sensors   Systems segment; and Chemring, Doncasters, Hi-Temp, J M, JPR Hutchinson, Kmass, Meggitt (including Dunlop Standard Aerospace Group), Rheinmetall, Trelleborg, ULVA, UTAS, UMPCO, and Woodward Products in our Advanced Materials segment. 
 Research and Development 
 Our product development and design programs utilize an extensive base of professional engineers, technicians and support personnel, supplemented by outside engineering and consulting firms when needed.  In fiscal 2016, we expended $95.9 million for research, development and engineering, compared with $100.4 million in the recast twelve-month period of fiscal 2015 and $97.6 million in fiscal 2014.  Research and development expense has averaged 4.9% of sales per year for the three years ended September 30, 2016.  We believe continued product development is key to our long-term growth, and consequently, we consistently invest in research and development.  Examples include research and development projects relating to avionics displays, power systems, and controls.  We actively participate in customer-funded research and development programs. 
 Foreign Operations 
 Our foreign operations consist of manufacturing facilities located in Belgium, Canada, China, the Dominican Republic, France, Germany, India, Mexico, Morocco, and the United Kingdom, and include sales and service operations located in Brazil, China, and Singapore.  For further information regarding foreign operations, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this report. 
 U.S. Government Contracts and Subcontracts 
 As a contractor and subcontractor to the U.S. government (primarily the U.S. Department of Defense), we are subject to various laws and regulations that are more restrictive than those applicable to private sector contractors.  Approximately 3% of our sales was made directly to the U.S. government in fiscal 2016.  In addition, we estimate that our subcontracting activities to contractors for the U.S. government accounted for approximately 15% of sales during fiscal 2016.  In total, we estimate that approximately 18% of our sales during the fiscal year were subject to U.S. government contracting regulations.  Such contracts may be subject to termination, reduction or modification in the event of changes in government requirements, reductions in federal spending, and other factors. 
 7 
 
    Historically, our U.S. government contracts and subcontracts have been predominately fixed-price contracts.  Generally, fixed-price contracts offer higher margins than cost-plus contracts in retu  rn for accepting the risk that increased or unexpected costs may reduce anticipated profits or cause us to sustain losses on the contracts.  The accuracy and appropriateness of certain costs and expenses used to substantiate our direct and indirect costs f  or the U.S. government under both cost-plus and fixed-price contracts are subject to extensive regulation and audit by the Defense Contract Audit Agency, an arm of the U.S. Department of Defense.  The contracts and subcontracts to which we are a party are   also subject to profit and cost controls and standard provisions for termination at the convenience of the U.S. government.  Upon termination, other than for our default, we will normally be entitled to reimbursement for allowable costs and to an allowance   for profit.    
 Trade Compliance Regulations 
 We are subject to U.S. export laws and regulations, including the ITAR, that generally restrict the export of defense products, technical data, and defense services.  On March 5, 2014, the Company entered into a Consent Agreement with the U.S. Department of State s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance (DTCC) to resolve alleged ITAR civil violations.  The Consent Agreement settled the pending ITAR compliance matter with the DTCC previously reported by the Company that resulted from voluntary reports the Company filed with DTCC that disclosed possible technical and administrative violations of the ITAR.  The Consent Agreement has a three-year term and provides for:  (i) a payment of $20 million, $10 million of which is suspended and eligible for offset credit based on verified expenditures for past and future remedial compliance measures; (ii) the appointment of an external Special Compliance Official to oversee compliance with the Consent Agreement and the ITAR; (iii) two external audits of the Company s ITAR compliance program; and (iv) continued implementation of ongoing compliance measures and additional remedial compliance measures related to automated systems and ITAR compliance policies, procedures, and training.  We expect to be released from the Consent Agreement in fiscal 2017, depending upon the Company s satisfactory completion of the remaining requirements under the agreement and the timing of final approval by the DTCC.  The $10 million portion of the settlement that is not subject to suspension will be paid in installments, with $8 million paid in aggregate in fiscal 2014, 2015 and 2016 and $2 million is payable in March 2017.  Compliance expense associated with these measures was $10.4 million in fiscal 2016 and $19.0 million in the prior-year period.  In fiscal 2016, the DTCC approved costs we incurred to implement compliance measures to fully offset the $10 million suspended payment.   
 More information about the Consent Agreement is set forth in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 1, Item 8 of this report. 
 Our trade activities are also subject to customs and border control regulations, anti-bribery and anti-corruption regulations, and regulations that apply to supply chain activities, such as those relating to conflict minerals and the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals, as well as the defense federal acquisition regulations.  Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in penalties, loss, or suspension of contracts, breach of contract claims, or other consequences, and the costs to maintain compliance with these regulations may be higher than we anticipate.  Any of these consequences could adversely affect our operations or financial condition. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Although we hold a number of patents and licenses, we do not believe that our operations are dependent on our patents and licenses.  We have trademark registrations on our important business names and/or product names filed in key jurisdictions where our businesses operate and sell products.  In general, we rely on technical superiority, continual product improvement, exclusive product features, lean manufacturing and operational excellence, including superior lead-time, on-time delivery performance and quality, and customer relationships to maintain competitive advantage. 
 Seasonality 
 The timing of our revenues is impacted by the purchasing patterns of our customers, and as a result we do not generate revenues evenly throughout the year.  Moreover, our first fiscal quarter, October through December, includes significant holiday vacation periods in both Europe and North America.  This leads to decreased order and shipment activity; consequently, first quarter results are typically weaker than other quarters and not necessarily indicative of our performance in subsequent quarters.  Beginning in fiscal 2016, we changed our fiscal year to the twelve months ended the last Friday in September to better align with the aerospace industry s business cycle. 
 Sources and Availability of Raw Materials and Components 
   The sources and availability of certain raw materials and components are not as critical as they would be for manufacturers of a single product line, due to our vertical integration and diversification.  However, certain components, supplies and raw  
 8 
 
  materials for our operations are purchased from single sources.  In such instances, we strive to develop alternative sources and   design modifications to minimize the effect of business interruptions.  
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and ordinances that (i) govern activities or operations that may have adverse environmental effects, such as discharges to air and water, as well as handling and disposal practices for solid and hazardous waste, and (ii) impose liability for the costs of cleaning up, and certain damages resulting from, sites or past spills, disposals or other releases of hazardous substances. 
 At various times we have been identified as a potentially responsible party pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), and analogous state environmental laws, for the cleanup of contamination resulting from past disposals of hazardous wastes at certain sites to which we, among others, sent wastes in the past.  CERCLA requires potentially responsible persons to pay for cleanup of sites from which there has been a release or threatened release of hazardous substances.  Courts have interpreted CERCLA to impose strict, joint and several liability on all persons liable for cleanup costs.  As a practical matter, however, at sites where there are multiple potentially responsible persons, the costs of cleanup typically are allocated among the parties according to a volumetric or other standard. 
 We have accrued liabilities for environmental remediation costs expected to be incurred.  Environmental exposures are provided for at the time they are known to exist or are considered reasonably probable and estimable. 
 Employees 
 We had 13,572 employees at September 30, 2016, of which 5,142 were based in the United States, 4,432 in Europe, 1,542 in Mexico, 967 in Canada, 714 in the Middle East and Asia, 623 in Morocco, and 152 in the Dominican Republic.  Approximately 12% of the U.S.-based employees were represented by labor unions.  Our non-U.S. operations are subject to union and national trade union agreements and to local regulations governing employment. 
 Financial Information About Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export Sales 
 See risk factor below entitled  Political and economic changes in foreign countries and markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, may have a material effect on our operating results  under Item 1A of this report and Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this report. 
 Available Information About the Registrant 
 You can access financial and other information on our Web site,  www.esterline.com .  We make available through our Web site, free of charge, copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  The SEC also maintains a Web site at  www.sec.gov , which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding public companies, including Esterline.  Any reports filed with the SEC may also be obtained from the SEC s Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549.  Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, requires charters for our board committees and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which includes a code of ethics applicable to our accounting and financial employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, are available on our Web site,  www.esterline.com  on the Corporate Governance tab.  Each of these documents is also available in print (at no charge) to any shareholder upon request.  Our Web site and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 9 
 
    Executive Officers of the Registrant  
 The names and ages of all executive officers of the Company and the positions and offices held by such persons as of November 23, 2016, are as follows: 

Name  

Position with the Company  

Age  

Curtis C. Reusser  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

56  

Robert D. George  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Development  

60  

Paul P. Benson  

Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer  

52  

Marcia J. Mason  

Executive Vice President and General Counsel  

64  

Roger A. Ross  

Executive Vice President and President, Sensors   Systems  

48  

Albert S. Yost  

Executive Vice President and President, Advanced Materials and Avionics   Controls  

51  

Mr. Reusser has been Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2014.  Prior to that time, he was President and Chief Executive Officer from October 2013 to March 2014.  Previously, he was President, Aircraft Systems of UTC Aerospace Systems for United Technologies Corporation, a provider of a broad range of high-technology products and services to the global aerospace and building systems industries, from July 2012 to October 2013.  Prior to that time, he was President of the Electronic Systems segment of Goodrich Corporation, an aerospace and defense company that was acquired by UTC in July 2012, from January 2008 to July 2012.  Mr. Reusser has a B.S. degree in Industrial and Mechanical Engineering from the University of Washington and a Certificate in Business Management from the University of San Diego. 
 Mr. George has been Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Development since June 2016.  From October 2012 to June 2016, he was Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Development.  From July 2011 to October 2012, he was Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Development and Secretary.  Prior to that time, he was Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer since July 1999.  Mr. George has an M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University and a B.A. degree in Economics from Drew University. 
 Mr. Benson has been Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since June 2016.  From April 2015 to June 2016, he was Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer.  Prior to that time, he was Vice President, Human Resources from December 2014 to March 2015 and Senior Director, Human Resources from November 2014 to December 2014.  Prior to that time, he was Senior Human Resources Director at Hewlett Packard Company, a technology products and services company, from 2006 to November 2014.  Mr. Benson has an M.B.A. from Arizona State University and a B.A. degree in Business from St. Martin s College. 
 Ms. Mason has been Executive Vice President and General Counsel since June 2016.  From September 2013 to June 2016, she was Vice President and General Counsel.  Prior to that time she was General Counsel and Vice President, Administration from August 2012 to September 2013, and Vice President, Human Resources from March 1993 to July 2012.  Ms. Mason has a J.D. degree from Northwestern University School of Law and a B.A. degree in Political Science from Portland State University. 
 Mr. Ross has been Executive Vice President and President, Sensors   Systems since June 2016.  From August 2015 to June 2016, he was President, Sensors   Systems Segment.  Prior to that time, he was Senior Vice President, Actuation   Propeller Systems, at UTC Aerospace Systems for United Technologies Corporation, a provider of a broad range of high-technology products and services to the global aerospace and building systems industries, from January 2014 to July 2015.  From January 2010 to December 2013, he was Vice President, Aerostructures Aftermarket at UTC Aerospace Systems for United Technologies Corporation.  Mr. Ross has an M.B.A. from the University of Colorado, an M.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from Colorado State University and a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from Colorado State University. 
 Mr. Yost has been Executive Vice President and President, Advanced Materials and Avionics   Controls since June 2016.  From August 2015 to June 2016, he was President, Avionics   Controls and Advanced Materials Segments.  Prior to that time, he was President, Advanced Materials Segment since March 2015 and President, Advanced Materials and Treasurer from March 2014 to February 2015.  From July 2011 to February 2014, he was Group Vice President and Treasurer, and from November 2009 to June 2011 he was Group Vice President.  Mr. Yost has an M.B.A. from Utah State University and a B.A. degree in Economics from Brigham Young University. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
   This annual report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements.  These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  anticipate,   believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   might,   plan,   potential,   predict,   should  or  will  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology.  In particular, statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or  
 10 
 
  performance contained in this report under the headings  Risks Relating to Our Business and Our I  ndustry,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Continuing Operations  and  Business  are forward-looking statements.  
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections.  While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control.  These and other important factors, including those discussed in this report under the headings  Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Continuing Operations  and  Business  may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.  Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations are: 

A significant reduction in defense spending;      

Loss of a significant customer or defense program;     

Our ability to comply with the complex laws and regulations that affect our business;     

Our inability to execute on our integration plans or otherwise integrate acquired operations or complete acquisitions;     

A significant downturn in the aerospace industry; and     

A decrease in demand for our products as a result of competition, technological innovation or otherwise.     

 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference into this report are made only as of the date hereof.  We do not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any such statements to reflect future events or developments. 
 Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
  Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry  
 Reductions in defense spending could adversely affect our business. 
 Approximately 35% of our business is dependent on defense spending.  The defense industry is dependent upon the level of equipment expenditures by the armed forces of countries throughout the world, and especially those of the United States, which represents a significant portion of world-wide defense expenditures.  Reductions in defense spending in 2017 and beyond are possible, which could have significant future consequences to our business, including termination or disruption of programs and personnel reductions that could impact our manufacturing operations and engineering capabilities. 
 The loss of a significant customer or defense program could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 Some of our operations are dependent on a relatively small number of customers and aerospace and defense programs, which change from time to time.  Significant customers in fiscal 2016 included The Boeing Company, Flame, General Electric, Hawker Beechcraft, Honeywell, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Rolls-Royce, UTAS, and the U.S. Department of Defense.  There can be no assurance that our current significant customers will continue to buy our products at current levels.  The loss of a significant customer or the cancellation of orders related to a sole-source defense program could have a material adverse effect on our operating results if we were unable to replace the related sales. 
 We are subject to numerous regulatory requirements, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Among other things, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws that generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from bribing foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment.  In particular, we may be held liable for actions taken by our strategic or local partners even though our partners are not subject to these laws.  Any determination that we have violated the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act or similar laws could result in sanctions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
   We are also subject to a variety of international laws, as well as U.S. export laws and regulations, such as the ITAR, which generally restrict the export of defense products, technical data and defense services.  We have filed voluntary reports that disclosed certain technical and administrative violations of the ITAR with the DDTC Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance (DDTC Office of Compliance).  As further described in this report under  Item 1,  we are subject to a Consent Agreement with the DDTC arising from our earlier handling of ITAR-controlled transactions, including the substance of our prior voluntary disclosures and other aspects of ITAR compliance errors.  Our failure to comply with these regulations could result in penalties, loss, or suspension of contracts or other consequences.  In addition, we may need to hold shipments or  
 11 
 
  expend significant resources to re-work, re-design or re-certify our products, to achieve compliance with applicable export control regulations.  If we are required to take any of these measures, we m  ay lose revenue opportunities and/or be exposed to late-delivery penalties or other claims from our customers.  Any of these could adversely affect our operations and financial condition.  
 We may be unable to realize expected benefits from our business integration efforts and our profitability may be hurt or our business otherwise might be adversely affected. 
 In 2014, we began to consolidate certain facilities to create greater cost efficiencies through shared services in sales, general administration and support functions across our segments.  In fiscal 2016, we completed our plans to consolidate certain facilities and are currently focused on achieving direct and indirect overhead reductions and improving our operational efficiencies at these facilities and creating shared services.  These integration activities are intended to generate operating expense savings through direct and indirect overhead expense reductions as well as other savings and realizing these savings may be difficult.  If we do not successfully manage our continuing integration activities, or any other similar activities that we may undertake in the future, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted.  Risks associated with these actions include inability to complete or delay in the planned transfer of business activities to other locations due to dependency on third-party agreements or certification of projects affected by the transfer, unanticipated costs in implementing the initiatives, delays in implementation of anticipated workforce reductions, adverse effects on employee morale, creation of customer or supplier uncertainty that may impact our business, and the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees.  If any of these risks are realized, our ability to achieve anticipated cost reductions may be impaired or our business may otherwise be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Implementing our acquisition strategy involves risks, and our failure to successfully implement this strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 One of our key strategies is to grow our business by selectively pursuing acquisitions.  Since 1996 we have completed over 30 acquisitions, and we are continuing to actively pursue additional acquisition opportunities, some of which may be material to our business and financial performance.  Although we have been successful with this strategy in the past, we may not be able to grow our business in the future through acquisitions for a number of reasons, including: 

Encountering difficulties identifying and executing acquisitions;      

Increased competition for targets, which may increase acquisition costs;      

Consolidation in our industry reducing the number of acquisition targets;      

Competition laws and regulations preventing us from making certain acquisitions; and      

Acquisition financing not being available on acceptable terms or at all.     

 In addition, there are potential risks associated with growing our business through acquisitions, including the failure to successfully integrate and realize the expected benefits of an acquisition.  For example, with any past or future acquisition, there is the possibility that: 

The business culture of the acquired business may not match well with our culture;      

Technological and product synergies, economies of scale and cost reductions may not occur as expected;      

Management may be distracted from overseeing existing operations by the need to integrate acquired businesses;      

We may acquire or assume unexpected liabilities;      

Unforeseen difficulties may arise in integrating operations and systems;     

We may fail to retain and assimilate employees of the acquired business;     

We may experience problems in retaining customers and integrating customer bases; and     

Problems may arise in entering new markets in which we may have little or no experience.     

 Failure to continue implementing our acquisition strategy, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Future operating results could be impacted by sanctions against Russia. 
 In 2014, the U.S. and other countries expanded the sanctions against Russia, which increased the restrictions on sales of certain products, including aviation products, to Russia and to specified restricted parties in or affiliated with Russia.  Our Avionics   Controls and Sensors   Systems segments have programs with Russian customers.  We evaluated the impact of these sanctions and determined the impact from Canadian, European Union and U.S. sanctions against Russia on our sales to Russia was not material; however, increased sanctions could have a material impact on our sales to Russia in future periods. 
 12 
 
    We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities and a higher effective tax rate.  
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions.  Our effective tax rate is influenced by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, modification on tax policy, interpretation of existing tax laws, and our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination.  Any adverse changes in those factors could have a negative effect on our effective tax rate and financial results.   
 In addition, the U.S. and foreign governments have introduced proposals for changes in tax legislation, or have adopted tax laws in response to the guidelines provided by the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development to address base erosion and profit shifting.  These changes will increase tax uncertainty and may adversely impact our effective tax rate.  
 Our future financial results could be adversely impacted by asset impairment charges. 
 We are required to test both acquired goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis based upon a fair value approach, rather than amortizing them over time.  We have chosen to perform our annual impairment reviews of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year.  We also are required to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below its book value. 
 As we have grown through acquisitions, we have accumulated $1.0 billion of goodwill, $39.8 million of indefinite-lived intangible assets, and $353.2 million of definite-lived intangible assets, out of total assets of $3.0 billion at September 30, 2016.  As a result, the amount of any annual or interim impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results for the period in which the charge is taken. 
 We performed our annual impairment review for fiscal 2016 as of July 1, 2016, and our review indicated that no impairment of goodwill or other indefinite-lived assets exists at any of our reporting units. 
 The amount of debt we have outstanding, as well as any debt we may incur in the future, could have an adverse effect on our operational and financial flexibility. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $698.8 million of long-term debt outstanding, $155.0 million outstanding under the long-term credit facility, and $16.8 million in current maturities of long-term debt.  Under our existing secured credit facility, we have a $500 million revolving line of credit and a $250.0 million term loan (U.S. Term Loan).  The credit facility is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets, and interest is based on standard inter-bank offering rates.  In addition, we have unsecured foreign currency credit facilities that have been extended by foreign banks for up to $27.8 million.  Available credit under the above credit facilities was $353.2 million at September 30, 2016, reflecting bank borrowings of $155.0 million and letters of credit of $19.6 million. 
 We also have outstanding  330.0 million 3.625% Senior Notes due in April 2023 (2023 Notes).  The indentures governing those notes and other debt agreements limit the amount of additional debt we may incur. 
 Our level of debt could have significant consequences to our business, including the following: 

Depending on interest rates and debt maturities, a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations could be dedicated to paying principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for our acquisition strategy, capital expenditures or other purposes, including repurchases of outstanding shares of common stock, depending on market conditions, share price and other factors;      

A significant amount of debt could make us more vulnerable to changes in economic conditions or increases in prevailing interest rates;     

Our ability to obtain additional financing for acquisitions, capital expenditures or for other purposes could be impaired;     

The increase in the amount of debt we have outstanding increases the risk of non-compliance with some of the covenants in our debt agreements which require us to maintain specified financial ratios; and     

We may be more leveraged than some of our competitors, which may result in a competitive disadvantage.     

 Our revenues are subject to fluctuations that may cause our operating results to decline. 
 Our business is susceptible to seasonality and economic cycles, and as a result, our operating results have fluctuated widely in the past and are likely to continue to do so.  Our revenue tends to fluctuate based on a number of factors, including domestic and foreign economic conditions and developments affecting the specific industries and customers we serve.  For example, it is possible that a global recession could occur and result in a more severe downturn in commercial aviation and defense.  
 13 
 
    It is also possible that in the future our operating results in a particular quarter or quarters will not meet the expectat  ions of securities analysts or investors, causing the market price of our common stock or senior notes to decline.  We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not a good indication of our future performance and should not b  e relied upon to predict our future performance.  
 A global recession may adversely affect our business operations and results, capital, and cost of capital. 
 In the event of a global recession, our customers may choose to delay or postpone purchases from us until the economy and their businesses strengthen.  Decisions by current or future customers to forgo or defer purchases and/or our customers  inability to pay for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow.  A recession could also adversely affect our future cost of debt and equity.  Any inability to obtain adequate financing from debt and equity sources could force us to self-fund strategic initiatives or even forgo some opportunities, potentially harming our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.  
 Our operations depend on our production facilities throughout the world.  These production facilities are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production. 
 Our production facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster, war, political unrest, terrorist activity or a pandemic.  In addition, our facilities are subject to local labor conditions that may lead to labor strikes, work stoppages or high levels of employee turn-over that could also disrupt our business operations.  Several of our production facilities are located in California, and thus are in areas with above average seismic activity and may also be at risk of damage in wildfires.  Although we have obtained property damage and business interruption insurance for our production facilities, a major catastrophe such as an earthquake or other natural disaster at any of our sites, or significant labor strikes, work stoppage, political unrest, war or terrorist activities in any of the areas where we conduct operations, could result in a prolonged interruption of our business.  Any disruption resulting from these events could cause significant delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers.  We cannot assure you that we will have insurance to adequately compensate us for any of these events. 
 Political and economic changes in foreign countries and markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, may have a material effect on our operating results. 
 Foreign sales originating from non-U.S. locations were approximately 49% of our total sales in fiscal 2016, and we have manufacturing facilities in a number of foreign countries.  A substantial portion of our Avionics   Controls operations is based in Belgium, Canada and the U.K., and a substantial portion of our Sensors   Systems operations is based in the U.K. and France.  We also have manufacturing operations in China, the Dominican Republic, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, and Morocco.  Doing business in foreign countries is subject to numerous risks, including political and economic instability, restrictive trade policies of foreign governments, changes in the local labor-relations climate, economic conditions in local markets, health concerns, inconsistent product regulations or unexpected changes in regulatory and other legal requirements by foreign agencies or governments, the imposition of product tariffs and the burdens of complying with a wide variety of international and U.S. export laws and differing regulatory requirements.  To the extent that foreign sales are transacted in a foreign currency, we are subject to the risk of losses due to foreign currency fluctuations.  In addition, we have substantial assets denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Canadian dollar, British pound and euro, that are not offset by liabilities denominated in those foreign currencies.  These net foreign currency investments are subject to material changes in the event of fluctuations in foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar. 
 A downturn in the aircraft market could adversely affect our business. 
 The aerospace industry is cyclical in nature and affected by periodic downturns that are beyond our control.  The principal customers for manufacturers of commercial aircraft are the commercial and regional airlines, which can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including a recession, increasing fuel and labor costs, intense price competition, outbreak of infectious disease and terrorist attacks, as well as economic cycles, all of which can be unpredictable and are outside our control.  Any decrease in demand resulting from a downturn in the market could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to compete effectively. 
   Our products and services are affected by varying degrees of competition.  We compete with other companies and divisions and units of larger companies in most markets we serve, many of which have greater sales volumes or financial, technological or marketing resources than we do.  Our principal competitors include:  Astronautics, BAE, Bose, Eaton, ECE, Elbit, EMS, GE Aerospace, Honeywell, IAI, L-3, Otto Controls, RAFI, Rockwell Collins, SELEX, Telephonics, Thales, Ultra Electronics, and Universal Avionics Systems Corporation in our Avionics   Controls segment; Ametek, Amphenol, Eaton, ECE, MPC Products, Meggitt, STPI-Deutsch, and TE Connectivity in our Sensors   Systems segment; and Chemring, Doncasters, Hi- 
 14 
 
  Temp, J M, JPR Hutchinson, Kmass, Meggitt (including Dunlop Sta  ndard Aerospace Group), Rheinmetall, Trelleborg, ULVA, UTAS, and UMPCO in our Advanced Materials segment.  The principal competitive factors in the commercial markets in which we participate are product performance, on-time delivery performance, quality, s  ervice and price.  Maintaining product performance requires expenditures in research and development that lead to product improvement and new product introduction.  Companies with more substantial financial resources may have a better ability to make such   expenditures.  We cannot assure that we will be able to continue to successfully compete in our markets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 Our backlog is subject to modification or termination, which may reduce our sales in future periods. 
 We currently have a backlog of orders based on our contracts with customers.  Under many of our contracts, our customers may unilaterally modify or terminate their orders at any time.  In addition, the maximum contract value specified under a government contract awarded to us is not necessarily indicative of the sales that we will realize under that contract.  For example, we are a sole-source prime contractor for many different military programs with the U.S. Department of Defense.  We depend heavily on the government contracts underlying these programs.  Over its lifetime, a program may be implemented by the award of many different individual contracts and subcontracts.  The funding of government programs is subject to congressional appropriation. 
 Changes in defense procurement models may make it more difficult for us to successfully bid on projects as a prime contractor and limit sole-source opportunities available to us. 
 In recent years, the trend in combat system design and development appears to be evolving toward the technological integration of various battlefield components, including combat vehicles, command and control network communications, advanced technology artillery systems and robotics.  If the U.S. military procurement approach continues to require this kind of overall battlefield combat system integration, we expect to be subject to increased competition from aerospace and defense companies which have significantly greater resources than we do. 
 We may lose money or generate less than expected profits on our contracts, including our fixed-price contracts. 
 Our customers set demanding specifications for product performance, reliability and cost.  Some of our government contracts and subcontracts provide for a predetermined, fixed price for the products we make regardless of the costs we incur.  Therefore, we must absorb cost overruns, notwithstanding the difficulty of estimating all of the costs we will incur in performing these contracts and in projecting the ultimate level of sales that we may achieve.  Our failure to accurately scope the statement of work, anticipate technical problems, estimate costs accurately, integrate technical processes effectively, reduce dependency on sole-source or poor-performing suppliers, control costs or otherwise meet contractual obligations such as timely delivery and meeting quality specifications during performance of a contract may reduce the profitability or cause a loss on the contract.  While we believe that we have recorded adequate provisions in our financial statements for losses on our fixed-price and other contracts as required under GAAP, we cannot assure that our contract loss provisions will be adequate to cover all actual future losses.  Therefore, we may incur losses on contracts that we had expected to be profitable, or such contracts may be less profitable than expected. 
 Our business is subject to government contracting regulations, and our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could harm our operating results and prospects. 
 We estimate that approximately 18% of our sales in fiscal 2016 were attributable to contracts in which we were either the prime contractor to, or a subcontractor to a prime contractor to, the U.S. government.  As a contractor and subcontractor to the U.S. government, we must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, security, administration and performance of federal government contracts that affect how we do business with our customers and may impose added costs to our business.  For example, these regulations and laws include provisions that contracts we have been awarded are subject to: 

Protest or challenge by unsuccessful bidders; and     

Unilateral termination, reduction or modification in the event of changes in government requirements.     

 The accuracy and appropriateness of certain costs and expenses used to substantiate our direct and indirect costs for the U.S. government under both cost-plus and fixed-price contracts are subject to extensive regulation and audit by the Defense Contract Audit Agency, an arm of the U.S. Department of Defense.  Responding to governmental audits, inquiries or investigations may involve significant expense and divert management attention.  Our failure to comply with these or other laws and regulations could result in contract termination, suspension or debarment from contracting with the federal government, civil fines and damages, and criminal prosecution and penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.  
 15 
 
    A significant portion of our business depends on U.S. government contracts, which are often subject to competitive bidding, and a failure to compete effectively or accurately anticipate the success of future projects could adversely affect our   business.  
 We obtain many of our U.S. government contracts through a competitive bidding process that subjects us to risks associated with: 

The frequent need to bid on programs in advance of the completion of their design, which may result in unforeseen technological difficulties and/or cost overruns;     

The substantial time and effort, including design, development and marketing activities, required to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us; and     

The design complexity and rapid rate of technological advancement of defense-related products.     

 In addition, in order to win the award of developmental programs, we must be able to align our research and development and product offerings with the government s changing concepts of national defense and defense systems.  The government s termination of, or failure to fully fund, one or more of the contracts for our programs would have a negative impact on our operating results and financial condition.  Furthermore, we serve as a subcontractor on several military programs that, in large part, involve the same risks as prime contracts. 
 Overall, we rely on key contracts with U.S. government entities for a significant portion of our sales and business.  A substantial reduction in these contracts would materially adversely affect our operating results and financial position. 
 The market for our products may be affected by our ability to adapt to technological change. 
 The rapid change of technology is a key feature of all of the markets in which our businesses operate.  To succeed in the future, we will need to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements to our existing products in a timely and cost-effective manner.  Historically, our technology has been developed through internal research and development expenditures, as well as customer-sponsored research and development programs.  There is no guarantee that we will continue to maintain, or benefit from, comparable levels of research and development in the future.  In addition, our competitors may develop technologies and products that are more effective than those we develop or that render our technology and products obsolete or noncompetitive.  Furthermore, our products could become unmarketable if new industry standards emerge.  We cannot assure that our existing products will not require significant modifications in the future to remain competitive or that new products we introduce will be accepted by our customers, nor can we assure that we will successfully identify new opportunities, continue to have the needed financial resources to develop new products in a timely or cost-effective manner or execute on a research and development program effectively to yield expected or any return on investment. 
 The airline industry is heavily regulated and if we fail to comply with applicable requirements, our results of operations could suffer. 
 Governmental agencies throughout the world, including the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), prescribe standards and qualification requirements for aircraft components, including virtually all commercial airline and general aviation products, as well as regulations regarding the repair and overhaul of aircraft engines.  Specific regulations vary from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries.  We include, with the replacement parts that we sell to our customers, documentation certifying that each part complies with applicable regulatory requirements and meets applicable standards of airworthiness established by the FAA or the equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries.  In order to sell our products, we and the products we manufacture, must also be certified by our individual OEM customers.  If any of the material authorizations or approvals qualifying us to supply our products is revoked or suspended, then the sale of the subject product would be prohibited by law, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, the FAA or equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries propose new regulations or changes to existing regulations, which are usually more stringent than existing regulations.  If these proposed regulations are adopted and enacted, we may incur significant additional costs to achieve compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on the continued contributions of our executive officers and other key management, each of whom would be difficult to replace. 
   Our future success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our senior management and our ability to attract and retain other highly qualified management personnel.  We face competition for management from other companies and organizations.  Therefore, we may not be able to retain our existing management personnel or fill new management  
 16 
 
  positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover   at our existing compensation levels.  Although we have entered into change of control agreements with members of senior management, we do not have employment contracts with our key executives, nor have we purchased  key-person  insurance on the lives of a  ny of our key officers or management personnel to reduce the impact to our company that the loss of any of them would cause.  Specifically, the loss of any of our executive officers would disrupt our operations and divert the time and attention of our rema  ining officers.  Additionally, failure to attract and retain highly qualified management personnel would damage our business prospects.  
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, the value of our products could be diminished. 
 Our success is dependent in part on obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our proprietary rights and our ability to avoid infringing on the proprietary rights of others.  While we take precautionary steps to protect our technological advantages and intellectual property and rely in part on patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws, we cannot assure that the precautionary steps we have taken will completely protect our intellectual property rights.  Because patent applications in the United States are maintained in secrecy until either the patent application is published or a patent is issued, we may not be aware of third-party patents, patent applications and other intellectual property relevant to our products that may block our use of our intellectual property or may be used in third-party products that compete with our products and processes.  In the event a competitor successfully challenges our products, processes, patents or licenses or claims that we have infringed upon their intellectual property, we could incur substantial litigation costs defending against such claims, be required to pay royalties, license fees or other damages or be barred from using the intellectual property at issue, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition to our patent rights, we also rely on unpatented technology, trade secrets and confidential information.  Others may independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques or otherwise gain access to or disclose our technology.  We may not be able to protect our rights in unpatented technology, trade secrets and confidential information effectively.  We require each of our employees and consultants to execute a confidentiality agreement at the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship with us.  However, these agreements may not provide effective protection of our information or, in the event of unauthorized use of disclosure, they may not provide adequate remedies. 
 Future asbestos claims could harm our business. 
 We are subject to potential liabilities relating to certain products we manufactured containing asbestos.  We had insurance coverage for asbestos exposures in products prior to November 1, 2003.  Commencing November 1, 2003, insurance coverage for asbestos claims has been unavailable.  Our policy coverage for exposures prior to November 1, 2003, declines ratably, by formula, as the number of years increases since coverage expired.  Accordingly, we continue to have partial insurance coverage for exposure to asbestos contained in our products prior to November 1, 2003.  To date, asbestos claims have not been material to our consolidated results of operations or financial position. 
 As a result of the termination of the NASA Space Shuttle program, manufacturing of rocket engine insulation material containing asbestos ceased in July 2010.  In December 2011, we dismantled our facility used to manufacture the asbestos-based insulation for the Space Shuttle program.  We have an agreement for indemnification for certain losses we may incur as a result of asbestos claims relating to a product we previously manufactured, but we cannot assure that this indemnification agreement will fully protect us from losses arising from asbestos claims. 
 To the extent we are not insured or indemnified for losses from asbestos claims relating to our products, asbestos claims could adversely affect our operating results and our financial condition. 
 Environmental laws and regulations may subject us to significant liability. 
 Our business and our facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and ordinances governing, among other things, the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous materials and certain waste products.  Among these environmental laws are rules by which a current or previous owner or operator of land may be liable for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous materials at such property.  In addition, these laws typically impose liability regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of any hazardous materials.  Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous materials may be liable for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of such substances at the disposal or treatment site, regardless of whether the affected site is owned or operated by them. 
   Because we own and operate, and previously owned and operated, a number of facilities that use, manufacture, store, handle or arrange for the disposal of various hazardous materials, we may incur costs for investigation, removal and remediation, as well as capital costs, associated with compliance with environmental laws.  At the time of our asset acquisition of the Electronic Warfare Passive Expendables Division of BAE Systems North America (BAE), certain environmental remedial activities were  
 17 
 
  required under a Part B Permit issued to the infrared decoy flare facility by the Arkansas   Department of Environmental Quality under the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act.  The Part B Permit was transferred to our subsidiary, Armtec, along with the remedial obligations.  Under the terms of the asset purchase agreement, BAE agreed t  o perform and pay for these remedial obligations at the infrared decoy flare facility up to a maximum amount of $25.0 million.  BAE is currently conducting monitoring activities as required under the asset purchase agreement.  
 At the end of fiscal 2016, we had a $0.8 million liability related to environmental remediation at a previously sold business for which the Company provided indemnification. 
 Although environmental costs have not been material in the past, we cannot assure that these matters, or any similar liabilities that arise in the future, will not exceed our resources, nor can we completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. 
 An accident at our combustible ordnance or flare countermeasure operations could harm our business. 
 We are subject to potential liabilities in the event of an accident at our combustible ordnance and flare countermeasure operations.  Our products are highly flammable during certain phases of the manufacturing process.  Accordingly, our facilities are designed to isolate these operations from direct contact with employees.  Our overall safety infrastructure is compliant with regulatory guidelines.  In addition, we utilize hazard detection and intervention systems.  Our employees receive safety training and participate in internal safety demonstrations.  We continuously track safety effectiveness in relation to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, OSHA, and the HSE in the U.K. to help ensure performance is within industry standards.  In addition, we perform on-going process safety hazard analyses, which are conducted by trained safety teams to identify risk areas that arise.  We monitor progress through review of safety action reports that are produced as part of our operations.  Although we believe our safety programs are robust and our compliance with our programs is high, it is possible for an accident to occur.  We have had incidents in the past, including accidents at our Arkansas plant in 2014 and 2016 and an accident at our Wallop plant in 2016.  The accidents in 2016 resulted in three serious injuries and the closure of our Arkansas plant for approximately 4 months.  We are insured in excess of our deductible on losses from property, loss of business, and for personal liability claims from an accident; however, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost.  Significant losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may be required to defend lawsuits or pay damages in connection with the alleged or actual harm caused by our products. 
 We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products is alleged to have resulted in harm to others or to property.  For example, our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft component that has been designed, manufactured or serviced by us.  We may incur significant liability if product liability lawsuits against us are successful.  While we believe our current general liability and product liability insurance is adequate to protect us from future product liability claims, we cannot assure that coverage will be adequate to cover all claims that may arise.  Additionally, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost.  Significant losses not covered by insurance or for which third-party indemnification is not available could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial performance may be adversely affected by information technology business disruptions. 
 Our business may be impacted by information technology attacks or failures.  Cybersecurity attacks, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data.  We have experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency.  We have taken measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related potential disruptions.  For example, we utilize third-party software and tools at many domestic operating locations to scan incoming e-mail for viruses and other harmful content and to scan networks maintained by certain of our domestic operating units that exclusively perform U.S. defense work.  However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, or other manipulation or improper use of our systems or networks.  We may also experience financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability under contracts or pursuant to regulations that require us to maintain confidential and other data securely, and/or damage to our reputation.  Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

18 
 
    Item 2.  Pr  operties   
 The following table summarizes our properties that are greater than 100,000 square feet or related to a principal operation, including identification of the business segment, as of September 30, 2016:  

*  Included in the Company s Tijuana manufacturing campus. 
 **  The building is located on a parcel of land covering 16.1 acres that is leased by the Company. 
 In total, we own approximately 2,400,000 square feet and lease approximately 2,200,000 square feet of manufacturing facilities and properties. 
 Item 3.  Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time we are involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.  We believe that adequate reserves for these liabilities have been made and that there is no litigation pending that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part 1, Item 8 of this report for information regarding legal proceedings. 
 Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

19 
 
    PART II   
 Item 5.  Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Price of Esterline Common Stock 
 In Dollars  

Principal Market   New York Stock Exchange 
 At the end of fiscal 2016, there were approximately 242 holders of record of the Company s common stock.  On November 21, 2016, there were 239 holders of record of our common stock. 
 On June 19, 2014, our board of directors approved a $200 million share repurchase program.  On March 11, 2015, our board of directors approved an additional $200 million for the share repurchase program.  Under the program, we are authorized to repurchase up to $400 million of outstanding shares of common stock from time to time, depending on market conditions, share price and other factors.  We made no repurchases of common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.  There is $91.5 million available for purchase under our share repurchase program. 
 No cash dividends were paid during fiscal 2016 and 2015.  Our current secured credit facility restricts the amount of dividends we can pay.  We do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 The following graph shows the performance of the Company s common stock compared to the S P 500 Index, the S P MidCap 400 Index, and the S P 400 Aerospace   Defense Index for a $100 investment made on October 28, 2011. 

20 

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data 
 Selected Financial Data 
 In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts 

21 
 
    Selected Financial Data  
 In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts 

22 
 
    Selected   Financial Data  
 In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts 

1    
 
 Operating results reflect the segregation of continuing operations from discontinued operations.  See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Operating results include the acquisitions of DAT in January 2015, Sunbank in December 2013, and Gamesman in February 2013.  See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.     

2    
 
 EBITDA from continuing operations is a measurement not calculated in accordance with GAAP.  We define EBITDA from continuing operations as operating earnings from continuing operations plus depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of debt issuance costs).  We do not intend EBITDA from continuing operations to represent cash flows from continuing operations or any other items calculated in accordance with GAAP, or as an indicator of Esterline s operating performance.  Our definition of EBITDA from continuing operations may not be comparable with EBITDA from continuing operations as defined by other companies.  We believe EBITDA is commonly used by financial analysts and others in the aerospace and defense industries and thus provides useful information to investors.  Our management and certain financial creditors use EBITDA as one measure of our leverage capacity and debt servicing ability, and is shown here with respect to Esterline for comparative purposes.  EBITDA is not necessarily indicative of amounts that may be available for discretionary uses by us.  EBITDA includes goodwill impairment charges of $3,454 and $52,169 in fiscal 2013 and 2012, respectively.  The following table reconciles operating earnings from continuing operations to EBITDA from continuing operations:    

4       
 
 We define the ratio of debt to EBITDA as total debt divided by EBITDA.    

23 
 
    Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this report.  This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in the  Forward-Looking Statements  section in Item 1 of this report and the  Risk Factors  section in Item 1A of this report. 
 On June 5, 2014, we changed the Company s fiscal year end to the last Friday of September from the last Friday in October.  We reported our financial results for the 11-month transition period of November 1, 2014, through October 2, 2015, on our Transition Report on Form 10-K, and thereafter we will file our annual report for the 12-month period ending the last Friday of September of each year, beginning with the 12-month period ending September 30, 2016.  Prior year results have been recast on a calendar quarter basis.  Refer to the Transition Report on Form 10-K for the eleven months ended October 2, 2015, for additional information regarding our fiscal year change. 
 Unless otherwise noted in this Item 7: 

When financial results for the 2016 fiscal year are compared to the financial results for the prior-year period, the results compare the twelve-month periods ended September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, respectively.       

When financial results for the 2015 transition period are compared to financial results for the prior-year period, the results compare the eleven-month periods ended October 2, 2015, and September 26, 2014, respectively.       

The results for the eleven-month period and two-month period ended September 26, 2014, are unaudited.  The following tables show the months included in the various comparison periods: 

OVERVIEW 
 We operate our businesses in three segments:  Avionics   Controls, Sensors   Systems and Advanced Materials.  Our segments are structured around our technical capabilities.  All segments include sales to domestic, international, defense and commercial customers. 
   The Avionics   Controls segment includes avionics systems, control and communication systems, and interface technologies capabilities.  Avionics systems designs and develops cockpit systems integration and avionics solutions for commercial and military applications and visualization solutions for a variety of demanding defense and commercial aerospace applications.  Control and communication systems designs and manufactures technology interface systems for military and commercial aircraft and land- and sea-based military vehicles.  Additionally, control and communication systems designs and manufactures military audio and data products for severe battlefield environments and communication control systems to enhance security  
 24 
 
  and aural clarity in military applications.  Interface technologies manufactures and develops custom control panels and input   systems for medical, industrial, military and gaming industries.  
 The Sensors   Systems segment includes power systems, connection technologies and advanced sensors capabilities.  Power systems develops and manufactures electrical power switching and other related systems, principally for aerospace and defense customers.  Connection technologies develops and manufactures highly engineered connectors for harsh environments and serves the aerospace, defense   space, power generation, rail and industrial equipment markets.  Advanced sensors develops and manufactures high precision temperature and pressure sensors for aerospace and defense customers. 
 The Advanced Materials segment includes engineered materials and defense technologies capabilities.  Engineered materials develops and manufactures thermally engineered components and high-performance elastomer products used in a wide range of commercial aerospace and military applications.  Defense technologies develops and manufactures combustible ordnance components and warfare countermeasure devices for military customers. 
 Our current business and strategic plan focuses on the continued development of products and solutions principally for aerospace and defense markets.  We are concentrating our efforts to expand our capabilities in these markets, anticipate the global needs of our customers and respond to such needs with comprehensive solutions.  These efforts focus on continuous research and new product development, acquisitions and strategic realignments of operations to expand our capabilities as a more comprehensive supplier to our customers across our entire product offering. 
 In March 2014, we entered into a Consent Agreement with the U.S. Department of State s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance (DDTC) to resolve alleged International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) civil violations.  Among other things, the Consent Agreement required us to pay a $20 million penalty, of which $10 million was suspended and eligible for offset credit.  In fiscal 2016, the DTCC approved costs we incurred to implement compliance measures to fully offset the $10 million suspended payment.  More information about the Consent Agreement is set forth in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part 1, Item 8 of this report. 
 On June 19, 2014, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program and authorized the repurchase of up to $200 million of outstanding shares of common stock.  In March 2015, our board of directors authorized an additional $200 million for the repurchase of outstanding shares of common stock under the program.  Under the program, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to $400 million of the outstanding shares of common stock from time to time, depending on market conditions, share price and other factors.  In fiscal 2015, we repurchased 2,562,122 shares under this program at an average price paid per share of $101.29, for an aggregate purchase price of $259.5 million.  During fiscal 2016, we repurchased 304,577 shares under this program at an average price paid per share of $61.51, for an aggregate purchase price of $18.7 million. 
 As explained under Part I, Item 1 of this report, in September 2014, our board of directors approved the plan to sell certain non-core business units including Eclipse, Wallop, and PA E.  We recorded an estimated after-tax loss of $49.5 million in fiscal 2014 on the assets held for sale in discontinued operations.  In fiscal 2015, we sold Eclipse and PA E and in fiscal 2016 we sold certain assets of Wallop and entered into an agreement to sell Wallop s naval business.  We recorded an estimated after-tax loss of $8.4 million and $30.8 million in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, on assets held for sale in discontinued operations. 
 Sales for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 were $543.8 million; sales volume increased by $16 million compared with the prior-year period, and was mainly due to strong sales for Avionics   Controls segment products.  This increase was offset by lower sales of Advanced Materials segment products mainly due to an energetic incident at one of our countermeasure operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 Gross margin was 35.6% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 compared with 34.1% in the prior-year period.  Gross margin in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 benefited from higher sales volumes/mix of Avionics   Controls segment products and a favorable contract settlement. 
 For further explanation about changes in sales and gross profit in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 over the prior-year period, please see the table at the end of the Overview section for a roll forward presentation of sales and gross profit. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $7.4 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 over the prior-year period to $102.0 million mainly due to a delinquent accounts receivable from an avionics systems customer under a long-term contract which is no longer probable of collection. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we received a $5 million insurance recovery due to an energetic incident at one of our countermeasure operations, which occurred in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 25 
 
    The income tax rate was 17.6% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 compared with   7.9% in the prior-year period.  In the fourth fiscal quarter of 2015, the income tax rate was lower mainly due to the additional tax benefits resulting from DAT operating losses.  
 Earnings from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 were $52.0 million, or $1.75 per diluted share, compared with $40.3 million, or $1.34 per diluted share, in the prior-year period.  Income from discontinued operations in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $0.2 million, or $0.01 per diluted share, compared with a $19.3 million loss, or $0.64 per diluted share, in the prior-year period.  Net income in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $52.3 million, or $1.76 per diluted share, compared with $21 million, or $0.70 per diluted share, in the prior-year period. 
 Sales for fiscal 2016 decreased by $10 million, or 0.5%, to $1.993 billion compared with fiscal 2015.  Sales decreased by $25 million due to the effects of a weakening Canadian dollar, British pound and euro compared with the prior-year period.  Sales volume decreased by $19 million compared with the prior-year period and was mainly due to lower sales of Avionics   Controls and Sensors   Systems.  Advanced Materials sales were impacted by the energetic incident at one of our countermeasure operations.  These decreases were partially offset by $52 million in acquired sales from the DAT acquisition, in addition to organic DAT sales growth of $21 million. 
 Consolidated gross margin was 33.2% in fiscal 2016 compared with 33.9% in the prior-year period, reflecting lower gross margin on sales of Avionics   Controls and Advanced Materials products.  Our gross margin percentage was impacted by higher manufacturing costs and a lower recovery of fixed costs due to decreased sales volumes.   
 Selling, general administrative expense increased by $11 million to $395.3 million or 19.8% of sales, compared with fiscal 2015, mainly due to increased bad debt expense of $8 million. 
 Research, development and engineering spending decreased by $4 million to $95.9 million or 4.8% of sales, compared with fiscal 2015.  The decrease mainly reflects lower spending for Avionics   Controls and Sensors   Systems research, development and engineering, partially offset by incremental research, development and engineering expense from the DAT acquisition of $7 million. 
   
 In connection with the redemption of debt in fiscal 2015, we incurred an $8.75 million redemption premium and wrote off $2.7 million in unamortized debt issuance costs as a loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 In fiscal 2015, we recognized a $15.7 million gain in other income and a $2.4 million reduction in interest expense upon the lapse of a statutory period related to a liability for a non-income tax position of an acquired company.  In addition, we incurred a $2.9 million loss in other income on foreign currency exchange resulting from the funding of the acquisition of DAT. 
 The income tax rate was 16.0% in fiscal 2016 compared with 17.3% in the prior-year period, mainly reflecting additional discrete benefits recognized in fiscal 2016. 
 Earnings from continuing operations in fiscal 2016 were $117.0 million, or $3.93 per diluted share, compared with $127.9 million, or $4.10 per diluted share, in the prior-year period.  Loss from discontinued operations in fiscal 2016 was $15.3 million, or $0.51 per diluted share, compared with $40.3 million, or $1.29 per diluted share, in the prior-year period.  Net income for fiscal 2016 was $101.7 million, or $3.42 per diluted share, compared with $87.6 million, or $2.81 per diluted share, in the prior-year period. 
 Cash flows from operating activities were $167.2 million in fiscal 2016 compared with $193.7 million in the prior-year period, mainly reflecting lower cash receipts from the sale of products. 
 Our sales, gross profit and earnings results for the three and twelve month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared with the three and twelve month periods ended October 2, 2015, included a number of significant items which are summarized in the tables below. 
 26 
 
    The following is a roll forward of sales   and gross profit from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016:  

The following is a roll forward of sales and gross profit from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016: 

27 
 
    The following table shows the average foreign exchange rates for the British pound, Canadian dollar and euro relative to the U.S. dollar for the three and twelve   month periods ended September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015.  

The following tables show the impact of changes in the foreign currency exchange rates for the British pound, Canadian dollar and euro relative to the U.S. dollar on operating earnings during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, compared with the prior-year period. 

The following tables show the impact of changes in the foreign currency exchange rates for the British pound, Canadian dollar and euro relative to the U.S. dollar on operating earnings during fiscal 2016, compared with the prior-year period. 

Results of Operations  
 For further explanation, please see the roll forward table of sales and gross profit at the end of the Overview section. 
 Fiscal 2016 Compared with Fiscal 2015 
   
 Sales for fiscal 2016 decreased by $10.2 million or 0.5% from fiscal 2015.  Fiscal 2015 benefited from a strong October 2014.  The last Friday in October 2014 was our previous year-end, and in changing our year-end from the last Friday in October to the last Friday in September, October 2014 was included in our recast first fiscal quarter of 2015.  Fiscal 2016 consisted of 52 weeks and fiscal 2015 consisted of 53 weeks. 

The $34 million increase in Avionics   Controls sales over fiscal 2015 mainly reflected acquired sales from the DAT acquisition of $52 million, in addition to organic DAT sales growth of $21 million, partially offset by the following; 

Lower sales volumes of $10 million     

Lower sales volumes of avionics systems of $21 million for certain commercial and defense programs, including an $8 million decrease on the T-6B military trainer program for the U.S. Navy nearing completion.  Looking      

 28 

forward to 2017, T-6B sales are expected to decrease $20 million from fiscal 2016.  We are working to develop new products to offset the impact of the end-of-life decline in the T-6B program.      

Lower sales volumes of communications and control systems of $11 million due to decreased sales of headset communication devices for defense applications of $17 million, mainly due to the shipment of delinquent orders in fiscal 2015 and a strong October 2014, partially offset by increased sales volumes of secure communications of $5 million     

Partially offset by     

Higher sales volumes of displays of $21 million mainly due to higher demand for defense applications and a contract termination for convenience fee of $4 million     

Higher sales volumes of interface technologies for gaming applications of $1 million     

Unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of $7 million     

 The $19 million decrease in Sensors   Systems sales over the prior-year period principally reflected the following: 

Decreased sales volumes of $11 million primarily driven by     

Lower sales of power systems of $8 million due to shipment delays relating to export control compliance requirements, partially offset by higher sales of ground fault indicators due to an FAA requirement     

Lower sales volumes of connection technologies systems of $4 million due to lower demand for oil and gas and defense applications     

Partially offset by higher sales of advanced sensors of $1 million due to a price increase     

Unfavorable effect of foreign currency exchange rates of $8 million     

 The $26 million decrease in Advanced Materials sales over the prior-year period mainly reflected the following: 

Decreased sales volumes of defense technologies of $18 million mainly due to an energetic incident that occurred at one of our countermeasure operations in May 2016.  The incident resulted in injury to two employees, some damage to the building, and the destruction of inventory and certain equipment.  Operations at the factory were halted through early September 2016 for investigation of the incident, repairs to the building and equipment, and implementation of process and facility improvements.  Reduced manufacturing operations commenced in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2016, and management expects the factory to be operating at planned capacity in the second fiscal quarter of 2017.     

Decreased sales volumes of  engineered materials for metal insulation applications of $13 million due to delayed orders for commercial aviation and lower demand for oil and gas applications     

Partially offset by     

Higher sales of engineered materials mainly from a defense program of $7 million.  Looking forward to fiscal 2017, sales are expected to decline by approximately $15 million due to new long-term contract pricing.  We are working to offset this impact by decreasing manufacturing expenses through improved efficiency and higher sales prices on certain commercial contracts.     

Higher sales of mainly combustible ordnance of $8 million     

Unfavorable effect of foreign currency exchange rates of $10 million     

 Foreign sales originating from non-U.S. locations, together with export sales by domestic operations, totaled $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion for fiscal 2016 and for the eleven-month period ended October 2, 2015, respectively, and accounted for 57.9% and 60.2% of our sales in fiscal 2016 and for the eleven-month period ended October 2, 2015, respectively. 
 29 
 
    Overall, gross margin was 33.2% and 33.9% for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Gross profit was $661.2 million and $679.4 million for fiscal 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  Gross profit was impacted by $3.8 million and $6.5 million in restructuring expense in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Gross profit and gross margin percentage by segment were as follows:  

Avionics   Controls segment gross margin was 32.8% and 33.8% for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Segment gross profit was $282.3 million compared with $279.1 million in the prior-year period.  The $3 million increase in gross profit mainly reflected the following: 

$21 million in acquired gross profit from the DAT acquisition     

$7 million in a DAT fair value of inventory adjustment recorded in the prior-year period     

Substantially offset by     

A $14 million decrease due to sales volume/mix mainly due to lower sales of control and communication systems     

An $8 million decrease due to higher manufacturing costs primarily at control and communication systems operations     

A $3 million decrease due to an unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, DAT integration expense, partially offset by a favorable estimated cost at completion adjustment     

 Sensors   Systems segment gross margin was 35.3% and 35.1% for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Segment gross profit was $246.0 million compared with $251.1 million in the prior-year period.  The $5 million decrease in Sensors   Systems segment gross profit mainly reflected the following: 

A $2 million decrease in volume/mix mainly due to lower sales of connection technologies and power systems     

$7 million in higher manufacturing costs mainly due to factory closures and transfers to a low-cost country     

Partially offset by     

A $3 million decrease in restructuring expense for advanced sensors and connection technologies operations     

A $1 million favorable effect of change in foreign currency exchange rates     

 Advanced Materials segment gross margin was 30.5% and 32.3% for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Segment gross profit was $133.0 million compared with $149.2 million in the prior-year period.  The $16 million decrease in Advanced Materials segment gross profit principally reflected the following: 

A $9 million increase in manufacturing expense mainly due to engineered materials manufacturing inefficiencies and lower sales volumes of metallic insulation mainly for commercial aviation and oil   gas applications     

A $7 million increase in expense due to an energetic incident at one of our countermeasure operations described further above     

 Selling, general and administrative expenses (which include corporate expenses) totaled $395.3 million, or 19.8% of sales, and $384.2 million, or 19.2% of sales, for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The $11 million increase in selling, general and administrative expense mainly reflected the following: 

An $11 million increase due to incremental DAT expenses     

An $8 million increase in bad debt expense     

A $5 million increase in stock option expense, severance and segment pension expense     

 30 

Partially offset by      

A $9 million decrease in corporate expense due to lower professional fees primarily for compliance and a $3 million pension settlement recorded in fiscal 2015     

A $2 million favorable effect of foreign currency rates     

A $2 million write-off of fixed assets due to an avionics systems program realignment in the prior-year     

 Research, development and engineering spending was $95.9 million, or 4.8% of sales, for fiscal 2016 compared with $100.4 million, or 5.0% of sales, for the prior-year period.  The $4.5 million decrease in research, development and engineering principally reflected the following: 

Decreased spending of $11 million mainly for Avionics   Controls and Sensors   Systems developments     

Partially offset by incremental expense from DAT of $7 million     

 Total restructuring expenses were $8.7 million, or 0.4% of sales, in fiscal 2016, of which $4.9 million is reported separately as restructuring expenses and $3.8 million is included in cost of goods sold.  Total restructuring expenses were $14.6 million, or 0.7% of sales, in fiscal 2015, of which $8.1 million is reported separately as restructuring expenses and $6.5 million is included in cost of goods sold. 
 Segment earnings (operating earnings excluding corporate expenses and other income or expense) for fiscal 2016 totaled $240.6 million, or 12.1% of sales, compared with $268.8 million, or 13.4% of sales, for fiscal 2015.  Segment earnings by segment were as follows: 

Avionics   Controls segment earnings were $78.4 million, or 9.1% of sales, for fiscal 2016 and $93.2 million, or 11.3% of sales, for fiscal 2015.  The $15 million decrease in Avionics   Controls segment earnings mainly reflected the following: 

DAT incremental operating expenses of $18 million     

An $8 million increase in bad debt expense      

A $4 million unfavorable effect of foreign currency rates and increase in severance     

Partially offset by     

A $3 million increase in gross profit     

A $10 million decrease in research, development and engineering for avionics systems and controls and communication systems, and a $2 million write-off of fixed assets due to an avionics systems program realignment in the prior year     

 Sensors   Systems segment earnings were $87.8 million, or 12.6% of sales, for fiscal 2016 compared with $84.2 million, or 11.8% of sales, for fiscal 2015.  The $4 million increase in Sensors   Systems segment earnings principally reflected the following: 

An $8 million favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates      

A $2 million decrease in restructuring expense     

A $2 million decrease in research, development and engineering     

Partially offset by     

A $5 million decrease in gross profit     

A $3 million increase in selling, general and administrative expense mainly due to a curtailment of a post-retirement medical benefit plan in the prior-year     

 31 
 
    Advanced Materials segment earnings were $74.5 million, or 17.1% of sales, for fiscal 2016, compared with $91.3 million, or 19.8% of sal  es, for fiscal 2015.  The $17 million decrease in Advanced Materials segment earnings mainly reflected the following:  

A $16 million decrease in gross profit     

A $3 million increase in selling, general and administrative expense     

A $3 million unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates     

Partially offset by a $5 million insurance recovery from the incident at our countermeasure operation     

 Interest expense was $30.1 million during fiscal 2016, compared with $33.1 million in the prior-year period.  The decrease in interest expense reflected lower interest from our refinancing in April 2015 of our $250 million 7% Senior Notes with our  330 million 3.625% Senior Notes.  Additionally, in fiscal 2015 we recorded a $2.4 million reduction in interest expense upon the lapse of a statutory period related to a liability for a non-income tax position of an acquired company. 
 The income tax rates were 16.0% and 17.3% for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The decrease in the income tax rate principally reflected the following:  

During fiscal 2016, we recognized $1.4 million of additional tax benefits primarily due to the release of reserves upon the settlement of an audit     

Both years benefited from various tax credits, certain foreign interest deductions, and lower income tax rates on permanently invested foreign sourced income     

 We expect the income tax rate to be approximately 25% in fiscal 2017. 
 It is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months approximately $1.4 million of tax benefits that are currently unrecognized could be recognized as a result of settlement of examinations and/or expiration of a statute of limitations. 
 New orders for fiscal 2016 were $2.1 billion compared with $2.0 billion for fiscal 2015.  Backlog at September 30, 2016, was $1.3 billion compared with $1.2 billion at October 2, 2015.  Approximately $355 million is scheduled to be delivered after fiscal 2017.  Backlog is subject to cancellation until delivery. 
 Fiscal 2015 Compared with Fiscal 2014 
 Sales for fiscal 2015 decreased 1.5% over the prior year.  Sales by segment were as follows: 

The $59.2 million, or 8.9%, increase in Avionics   Controls sales over fiscal 2014 reflected incremental sales from the DAT acquisition of $83 million.  This increase was partially offset by the effect of weakening foreign currencies, which reduced segment sales by $10 million compared with the prior-year period.  In addition, the settlement of forward foreign currency contracts qualifying under hedge accounting reduced sales by $11 million.  Sales volume decreased by $3 million and mainly reflected lower sales of avionics systems for defense applications of $10 million partially offset by higher sales of interface technologies for gaming applications of $8 million.  
 The $56.4 million, or 8.2%, decrease in Sensors   Systems sales over fiscal 2014 reflected the impact of weakening foreign currencies of $65 million and the impact of forward contracts under hedge accounting of $8 million.  This decrease in sales was partially offset by incremental sales from the Sunbank acquisition of $5 million.  Sales volume increased by $12 million, reflecting a $7 million increase in advanced sensors sales for OEM and aftermarket and an $11 million increase in power systems sales for commercial aviation applications.  These increases were partially offset by an $8 million decrease in connection technologies sales mainly due to lower demand from defense and industrial customers, including oil and gas.   
 The $29.5 million, or 6.7%, decrease in Advanced Materials sales compared with fiscal 2014 reflected a $20 million decrease in sales volume and a $9 million impact of weakening foreign currencies.  The decrease in sales volume reflected a $16 million decrease in defense technologies sales due to lower demand for flare countermeasures and a $4 million decrease in sales of engineered materials due to lower demand for defense applications. 
 32 
 
    Foreign sales originating from non-U.S. locations, including export sales by domestic operations, totaled $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respecti  vely, and accounted for 60.2% and 61.9% of our sales in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
 Overall, gross profit as a percentage of sales was 33.2% and 34.7% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Gross profit was $589.4 million and $624.7 million for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Gross profit was impacted by restructuring expense of $5.1 million, or 0.3% of sales, for fiscal 2015, and $5.3 million, or 0.3% of sales, in fiscal 2014. 
 Avionics   Controls segment gross profit as a percentage of sales was 32.3% and 36.2% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Segment gross profit was $234.9 million compared with $241.8 million in the prior-year period.  The decrease in gross profit reflected a $15 million decrease on sales of avionics systems, an $8 million decrease on sales of control and communication systems, and a $3 million decrease on sales of interface technologies.  The decrease in avionics systems gross profit was mainly due to lower sales volumes of $8 million, a $1 million inventory write-off due to the uncertainty over a specific cockpit integration program, and a $2 million estimate-at-completion adjustment due to development program realignments.  Additionally, gross profit was impacted by the effect of foreign currencies and the settlement of forward contracts of $5 million.  The decrease in control and communication systems was mainly due to lower sales volumes and mix of $4 million and higher manufacturing costs of $4 million.  The decrease in interface technologies gross profit was mainly due to sales mix.  These decreases were partially offset by incremental gross profit from the DAT acquisition of $19 million.  DAT gross profit included the effect of shipping acquired inventory valued at fair value at acquisition.  A fair value adjustment of $7 million lowered incremental gross profit from DAT from $26 million to $19 million. 
 Sensors   Systems segment gross margin percentage was 34.9% and 33.7% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Segment gross profit was $221.2 million and $232.4 million for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The decrease in gross margin percentage mainly reflected a $10 million decrease on sales of connection technologies, and a $2 million decrease on sales of advanced sensors, partially offset by a $1 million increase on sales of power systems.  The decrease in connection technologies gross margin percentage was due to lower sales volumes of $4 million and the effects of weakening foreign currencies of $8 million, partially offset by incremental gross margin percentage from the Sunbank acquisition.  The decrease in advanced sensors gross margin percentage was due to the effect of weakening foreign currencies and the settlement of forward contracts of $4 million and higher cost initiative expense of $2 million, partially offset by higher sales volume and mix.  The increase in gross margin percentage of power systems was due to higher sales volume and mix of $5 million and lower manufacturing expense of $2 million, partially offset by the effect of weakening foreign currencies of $7 million. 
 Advanced Materials segment gross margin percentage was 32.2% and 34.0% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Segment gross profit was $133.3 million and $150.4 million for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The decrease in segment gross profit principally reflected lower gross profit on sales of engineered materials of $17 million, mainly due to lower sales volume and mix of $3 million, a lower recovery of fixed costs of $4 million and higher operating expenses of $7 million due mainly to manufacturing inefficiencies and the effects of weakening foreign currencies of $3 million.  Defense technologies gross profit was even with prior-year period.  The impact of lower sales volumes of $4 million was offset by lower manufacturing costs from our cost initiative project. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses (which include corporate expenses) totaled $346.8 million, or 19.5% of sales, and $324.0 million, or 18.0% of sales, for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The increase in selling, general and administrative expense reflected incremental selling, general and administrative expenses from the DAT acquisition of $24.9 million and increased corporate expenses of $13.9 million, partially offset by a decrease in segment selling, general and administrative expense.  The increase in corporate expense was mainly due to higher compliance expense and $3.5 million in higher pension costs due to our settlement with vested terminated pension plan participants.  These increases in corporate expense were partially offset by a $9 million reduction in incentive compensation.  The decrease in segment selling, general and administrative expense reflected the effect of translating selling, general and administrative expenses denominated in non-U.S. functional currencies to the U.S. dollar of $19.0 million and a decrease in segment incentive compensation expense of $4.3 million.  These decreases were partially offset by a $2.1 million write-off of fixed assets associated with an avionics systems program and mainly higher compliance expense. 
 In fiscal 2014, we offered vested terminated participants of our U.S. pension plan a one-time opportunity to elect a lump-sum payment from the plan in lieu of a lifetime annuity.  In the first fiscal quarter of 2015, we made $16.6 million in lump-sum payments to vested terminated pension plan participants from the plan, which resulted in an actuarial settlement charge of $3.5 million. 
 Total restructuring expenses were $11.7 million, or 0.7% of sales, in fiscal 2015, of which $6.6 million is reported separately as restructuring expenses and $5.1 million is included in cost of goods sold.  Total restructuring expenses were $17.4 million, or 1.0% of sales, in fiscal 2014, of which $12.1 million is reported separately as restructuring expenses and $5.3 million is included in cost of goods sold. 
 33 
 
    Research, development and engineering spending was $91.5 million, or 5.2% of sales, for fiscal 2015 compared with $88.7 million, or 4.9% of sales, for fiscal 2014.  The increa  se in research, development and engineering spending reflects incremental research, development and engineering expense from the DAT acquisition of $10.5 million, partially offset by lower spending on control and communication systems developments.  
 Segment earnings (operating earnings excluding corporate expenses and other income or expense) for fiscal 2015 totaled $218.6 million, or 12.3% of sales, compared with $260.3 million, or 14.5% of sales, for fiscal 2014.  Excluding restructuring expenses of $11.7 million, segment earnings were $230.4 million, or 13.0% of sales, for fiscal 2015.  Excluding restructuring expenses of $17.4 million, segment earnings were $277.8 million, or 15.4% of sales, for fiscal 2014. 
 Avionics   Controls segment earnings were $65.9 million, or 9.1% of sales, in fiscal 2015 compared with $92.2 million, or 13.8% of sales, in fiscal 2014, mainly reflecting a $5 million decrease in avionics systems, a $16 million incremental loss from the DAT acquisition, and a $5 million decrease in control and communication systems earnings.  The decrease in avionics systems earnings mainly reflected lower gross profit as explained above, partially offset by an $8 million decrease in selling, general and administrative expense and a $1 million decrease in research, development and engineering.  The decrease in avionics systems selling, general and administrative expense was mainly due to gains on monetary assets and translation gains and lower restructuring expenses.  The decrease in earnings from sales of control and communication systems principally reflected lower gross profit as explained above, partially offset by lower research, engineering and development expense and selling, general and administrative expenses.  Segment restructuring expenses were $0.7 million and $5.1 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The effect of foreign currencies and settlement of forward contracts on segment earnings had a favorable $2 million impact in fiscal 2015 compared with the prior-year period. 
 Sensors   Systems segment earnings were $71.8 million, or 11.3% of sales, in fiscal 2015 compared with $73.7 million, or 10.7% of sales, in fiscal 2014, reflecting a $10 million decrease in gross profit on sales of connection technologies as described above, substantially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses due to foreign currency translation gains.  Additionally, segment restructuring expenses were $7.1 million and $6.8 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The effect of foreign currencies and settlement of forward contracts on segment earnings had an unfavorable $3 million impact in fiscal 2015 compared with the prior-year period. 
 Advanced Materials segment earnings were $81.0 million, or 19.6% of sales, for fiscal 2015 compared with $94.5 million, or 21.3% of sales, for fiscal 2014, primarily reflecting lower earnings from sales of engineered materials.  Earnings from sales of defense technologies improved mainly due to lower restructuring expense.  Segment restructuring expense was $2.8 million and $4.9 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The effect of foreign currencies and settlement of forward contracts on segment earnings had an unfavorable $2 million impact in fiscal 2015 compared with the prior-year period. 
 Interest expense was $30.1 million during fiscal 2015, compared with $30.0 million in the prior-year period. 
 The income tax rates were 16.3% and 21.0% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The income tax rate was lower than the statutory rate, as both years benefited from various tax credits and certain foreign interest expense deductions.  During fiscal 2015, we recognized $1 million of discrete tax benefits principally related to the following items.  The first item was a $1.5 million tax benefit due to the retroactive extension of the U.S. federal research and experimentation credits.  The second item was a $1.2 million tax benefit due to the release of reserves upon the expiration of a statute of limitations.  The third item was a $1.7 million tax expense due to the income tax return to provision adjustments.  During fiscal 2014, we recognized $1.6 million of discrete tax benefits principally related to the following items.  The first item was a $0.9 million tax benefit due to the release of reserves upon the expiration of a statute of limitations.  The second item consisted of income tax return to provision adjustments of $0.7 million. 
 New orders for fiscal 2015 were $1.9 billion compared with $1.8 billion for fiscal 2014.  Orders by segment for fiscal 2015 increased for our Avionics   Controls segment compared to the prior-year period due to the acquisition of DAT.  Orders for Sensors   Systems and Advanced Materials decreased compared to the prior-year period mainly due to the effects of foreign currency and the timing of receiving orders.  Backlog at October 2, 2015, was $1.2 billion compared with $1.1 billion at October 31, 2014. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Working Capital and Statement of Cash Flows 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of fiscal 2016 totaled $258.5 million, an increase of $67.2 million from October 2, 2015.  Net working capital increased to $777.3 million at the end of fiscal 2016 from $718.2 million at the end of the prior year. 
   Cash flows from operating activities were $167.2 million and $193.7 million in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The decrease principally reflected lower cash receipts from sale of products and higher sales in September, which have not been  
 34 
 
  converted to cash.  Sources and uses of cash flows from operating   activities principally consisted of cash received from the sale of products and cash payments for material, labor and operating expense.  
 Cash flows used by investing activities were $65.9 million and $179.6 million in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Cash flows used by investing activities in fiscal 2016 primarily reflected capital expenditures of $68.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of a discontinued operation of $3.7 million.  Cash flows used by investing activities in fiscal 2015 reflected cash paid for an acquisition of $156.0 million, net of cash acquired, and capital expenditures of $55.4 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations of $30.2 million. 
 Cash flows used by financing activities were $29.4 million and $17.7 million in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Cash flows used by financing activities in fiscal 2016 primarily reflected repayment of long-term debt and credit facilities of $62.4 million, $18.7 million in shares repurchased, partially offset by $6.1 million from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans and $45.0 million in proceeds from our credit facilities.  Cash flows used by financing activities in fiscal 2015 primarily reflected $269.3 million in shares repurchased, $834.0 million in repayment of long-term debt and credit facilities, and $8.3 million of debt issuance costs, partially offset by $465.0 million in proceeds from our credit facilities, $356.5 million in proceeds from issuance of the 2023 Notes, $250.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of the U.S. Term Loan, due 2020, and $16.6 million from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Net property, plant and equipment was $338.0 million at the end of fiscal 2016 compared with $309.4 million at October 2, 2015.  Capital expenditures for fiscal 2016 and for the twelve-month period ended October 2, 2015, were $68.5 million and $55.4 million, respectively (excluding acquisitions), and included facilities, machinery, equipment and enhancements to information technology systems.  Capital expenditures are anticipated to approximate $60 million for fiscal 2017.  We will continue to support expansion through investments in infrastructure including machinery, equipment, and information systems. 
 Acquisitions 
 On January 31, 2015, we acquired the defense, aerospace and training display (DAT) business of Belgium-based Barco N.V. (Barco) for  150 million, or approximately $171 million, in cash before a working capital adjustment of approximately $15 million.  We incurred a $2.9 million foreign currency exchange loss in the funding of the acquisition in the first quarter of fiscal 2015.  Acquisition related costs of $3.4 million have been recognized as selling, general and administrative expense.  We financed the acquisition primarily using international cash reserves, with the balance funded by borrowings under its existing credit facility.  The DAT business develops and manufactures visualization solutions for a variety of demanding defense and commercial aerospace applications and is included in our Avionics   Controls segment. 
 On December 20, 2013, we acquired Sunbank Family of Companies, LLC (Sunbank) for approximately $51.7 million.  Sunbank is a manufacturer of electrical cable accessories, connectors and flexible conduit systems.  Sunbank is included in the Sensors   Systems segment. 
 Debt Financing 
 U.S. Credit Facility 
 On April 9, 2015, we amended the secured credit facility to extend the expiration to April 9, 2020, increase the revolving credit facility to $500 million, and provide for a delayed-draw term loan facility of $250 million.  We recorded $2.3 million in debt issuance costs.  The credit facility is secured by substantially all the Company s assets and interest is based on standard inter-bank offering rates.  The interest rate ranges from LIBOR plus 1.25% to LIBOR plus 2.00%, depending on the leverage ratios at the time the funds are drawn.  At September 30, 2016, we had $155.0 million outstanding under the secured credit facility at an interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.75%, which ranged from 2.27% to 2.29%.  An additional $27.8 million of unsecured foreign currency credit facilities have been extended by foreign banks for a total of $527.8 million available companywide.  Available credit under the above credit facilities was $353.2 million at fiscal 2016 year end, when reduced by outstanding borrowings of $155.0 million and letters of credit of $19.6 million. 
 U.S. Term Loan, due April 2020 
 On August 3, 2015, we borrowed $250 million under the delayed-draw term loan provided for under the amended credit facility.  The interest rate on this loan ranges from LIBOR plus 1.25% to LIBOR plus 2.00%, depending on the leverage ratios at the time the funds are drawn.  At September 20, 2016, the interest rate was LIBOR plus 1.75%, which equaled 2.28%.  The loan amortizes at 1.25% of the original principal balance quarterly through March 2020, with the remaining balance due in April 2020. 
 3.625% Senior Notes, due April 2023 
   In April 2015, we issued  330.0 million in 3.625% Senior Notes, due April 2023 (2023 Notes) requiring semi-annual interest payments in April and October of each year until maturity.  The net proceeds from the sale of the notes, after deducting  
 35 
 
  $5.9 million   of debt issuance costs, were $350.8 million.  The 2023 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company.  The 2023 Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior basis by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company that are guarantor  s under the Company s existing secured credit facility.  The 2023 Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company at any time prior to April 15, 2018, at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus any accrued interest to the date of r  edemption and a make-whole provision.  We may also redeem up to 35% of the 2023 Notes before April 15, 2018, with the net cash proceeds from equity offerings.  The 2023 Notes are also subject to redemption at the option of the Company, in whole or in part,   on or after April 15, 2018, at redemption prices starting at 102.719% of the principal amount plus accrued interest during the period beginning April 15, 2018, and declining annually to 100% of principal and accrued interest on or after April 15, 2021.  
   
 In connection with the redemption of debt in fiscal 2015, we incurred an $8.75 million redemption premium and wrote off $2.7 million in unamortized debt issuance costs as a loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 We believe cash on hand, funds generated from operations and other available debt facilities are sufficient to fund operating cash requirements and capital expenditures through fiscal 2017.  We believe we will have adequate access to capital markets to fund future acquisitions. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On June 19, 2014, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program and authorized the repurchase of up to $200 million of outstanding shares of common stock.  In March 2015, our board of directors authorized an additional $200 million.  Under the program, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to $400 million of the outstanding shares of common stock from time to time, depending on market conditions, share price and other factors.  During fiscal 2014 we repurchased 269,228 shares under this program at an average price paid per share of $112.40, for an aggregate purchase price of $30.3 million.  During fiscal 2015, we repurchased 2,562,122 shares under this program at an average price paid per share of $101.29, for an aggregate purchase price of $259.5 million.  During fiscal 2016, we repurchased 304,577 shares under this program at an average price paid per share of $61.51, for an aggregate purchase price of $18.7 million.  At September 30, 2016 the amount of remaining authorization under this program is $91.5 million. 
 Permanent Investment of Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries 
 Our non-U.S. subsidiaries have $255.2 million in cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016.  Cash and cash equivalents at our U.S. parent and subsidiaries aggregated $3.3 million at September 30, 2016, and cash flow from these operations and credit facilities are sufficient to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and debt repayments of our domestic operations.  We have available credit to our U.S. parent and subsidiaries of $325.4 million on our U.S. secured credit facility.  The earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are considered to be indefinitely invested, and accordingly, no provision for federal income taxes has been made on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries.  The amount of the unrecognized deferred income tax liability for temporary differences related to investments in foreign subsidiaries is not practical to determine because of the complexities regarding the calculation of unremitted earnings and the potential for tax credits. 
 Government Refundable Advances 
 Government refundable advances consist of payments received from the Canadian government to assist in the research and development related to commercial aviation.  These advances totaled $45.0 million and $43.3 million at September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, respectively.  The repayment of the advances is based on year-over-year commercial aviation revenue growth at CMC Electronics, Inc. (CMC) beginning in 2014.  Imputed interest on the advances was 3.4% at September 30, 2016. 
 Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefit Obligations 
 Our pension plans principally include a U.S. pension plan maintained by Esterline, Non-U.S. plans maintained by CMC, and Other Non-U.S. plans.  Our principal post-retirement plans include non-U.S. plans maintained by CMC, which are non-contributory health care and life insurance plans. 
 We account for pension expense using the end of the fiscal year as our measurement date, and we make actuarially computed contributions to our pension plans as necessary to adequately fund benefits.  Our funding policy is consistent with the minimum funding requirements of ERISA.  In fiscal 2016 and 2015, operating cash flow included $12.0 million and $9.2 million, respectively, of cash funding to these pension plans.  There is no funding requirement for fiscal 2017 for the U.S. pension plans maintained by Esterline.  We expect pension funding requirements for the CMC plans and other non-U.S. plans to be approximately $4.4 million in fiscal 2017.  The rate of increase in future compensation levels is consistent with our historical experience and salary administration policies.  The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on long-term target asset allocations of 70% equity and 30% fixed income.  We periodically review allocations of plan assets by investment type and evaluate external sources of information regarding long-term historical returns and expected future returns for each investment type, and accordingly, believe a 3.25% to 8.0% assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets is appropriate for the pension plans.  Current allocations are consistent with the long-term targets. 
 36 
 
    We made the following assumptions with respect to our Esterline pe  nsion obligation in fiscal 2016 and 2015:  

We made the following assumptions with respect to our CMC pension obligation in fiscal 2016 and 2015: 

We made the following assumptions with respect to our Other Non-U.S. pension obligations in fiscal 2016 and 2015: 

We use a discount rate for expected returns that is a spot rate developed from a yield curve established from high-quality corporate bonds and matched to plan-specific projected benefit payments.  Although future changes to the discount rate are unknown, had the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points in fiscal 2016, pension liabilities in total would have decreased $14.5 million or increased $15.2 million, respectively.  If all other assumptions are held constant, the estimated effect on fiscal 2016 pension expense from a hypothetical 25 basis points increase or decrease in both the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would not have a material effect on our pension expense. 
 We made the following assumptions with respect to our Esterline post-retirement obligation in fiscal 2016 and 2015: 

We made the following assumptions with respect to our CMC post-retirement obligation in fiscal 2016 and 2015: 

The assumed health care trend rate can have a significant impact on our post-retirement benefit obligations.  Our health care trend rate was based on the experience of our plan and expectations for the future.  A 100 basis points increase in the health care trend rate would increase our post-retirement benefit obligation by $1.1 million at September 30, 2016.  A 100 basis points decrease in the health care trend rate would decrease our post-retirement benefit obligation by $0.9 million at September 30, 2016.  Assuming all other assumptions are held constant, the estimated effect on fiscal 2016 post-retirement benefit expense from a hypothetical 100 basis points increase or decrease in the health care trend rate would not have a material effect on our post-retirement benefit expense. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 For the three years ended September 30, 2016, research and development expense has averaged 4.9% of sales.  We estimate that research and development expense in fiscal 2017 will be about 5.0% of sales for the full year. 
 37 
 
    Contractual Obligations  
 The following table summarizes our outstanding contractual obligations as of fiscal year end.  Liabilities for income taxes were excluded from the table, as we are not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period of related future payments. 

1    
 
 Includes $74.0 million representing interest on capital lease obligations.    

 Seasonality 
 The timing of our revenues is impacted by the purchasing patterns of our customers and, as a result, we do not generate revenues evenly throughout the year.  Moreover, our first fiscal quarter, October through December, includes significant holiday vacation periods in both Europe and North America.  This leads to decreased order and shipment activity; consequently, first quarter results are typically weaker than other quarters and not necessarily indicative of our performance in subsequent quarters.  We changed our fiscal year to the twelve months ended the last Friday of September to better align with the aerospace industry s business cycle. 

Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risks 
 Our debt includes fixed rate and variable rate obligations at September 30, 2016.  We are not subject to interest rate risk on the fixed rate obligations.  We are subject to interest rate risk on the U.S. Term Loan and U.S. credit facility.  For long-term debt, the table presents principal cash flows and the related weighted-average interest rates by contractual maturities. 
 A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in average market rates would not have a material effect on our pretax income. 

1    
 
 Borrowings under the U.S. Term Loan bear interest at a rate equal to either: (a) the LIBOR rate plus 1.75% or (b) the  Base Rate  (defined as the higher of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association s prime rate and the Federal funds rate plus 0.50%).    

 Currency Risks 
   We own significant operations in Canada, France and the United Kingdom.  To the extent that sales are transacted in a foreign currency, we are subject to foreign currency fluctuation risk.  Furthermore, we have assets denominated in foreign currencies that are not offset by liabilities in such foreign currencies.  At September 30, 2016, we had the following monetary assets subject to foreign currency fluctuation risk:  U.S. dollar-denominated backlog with customers whose functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar; U.S. dollar-denominated accounts receivable and payable; and certain forward contracts, which are not accounted for as a cash flow hedge.  The foreign exchange rate for the dollar relative to the euro decreased to 0.890 at September 30, 2016, from 0.892 at October 2, 2015; the dollar relative to the British pound increased to 0.771 from 0.659; and  
 38 
 
  the dollar relative to the Canadian dollar decreased to 1.313 from 1.315.  Foreign currency transactions affecting monetary assets, forward contrac  ts and backlog resulted in a $19.8 million loss in fiscal 2016, a $1.3 million gain in fiscal 2015, and a $0.9 million gain in fiscal 2014.  
 Our policy is to hedge a portion of our forecasted transactions and a portion of our net monetary assets, including the embedded derivatives in our backlog, using forward exchange contracts.  The Company does not enter into any forward contracts for trading purposes.  At September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, the notional value of foreign currency forward contracts was $451.3 million and $403.4 million, respectively.  The notional value of our foreign currency forward contracts include $70 million related to the hedge of a portion of our net monetary assets, including the embedded derivatives in our backlog. The net fair value of our open foreign currency forward contracts was an $11.5 million liability and a $25.4 million liability at September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, respectively.  If the U.S. dollar increased by a hypothetical 5%, the effect on the fair value of the foreign currency contracts at October 2, 2015, would be a decrease in the net liability of $14.2 million.  If the U.S. dollar decreased by a hypothetical 5%, the effect on the fair value of the foreign currency contracts would be an increase in net liability of $30.9 million. 
 The following tables provide information about our significant derivative financial instruments, including foreign currency forward exchange agreements and certain firmly committed sales transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency at September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015.  The information about certain firmly committed sales contracts and derivative financial instruments is in U.S. dollar equivalents.  For forward foreign currency exchange agreements, the following tables present the notional amounts at the current exchange rate and weighted-average contractual foreign currency exchange rates by contractual maturity dates. 
 Firmly Committed Sales Contracts 
 Operations with Foreign Functional Currency 
 At September 30, 2016 
 Principal Amount by Expected Maturity 

Derivative Contracts 
 Operations with Foreign Functional Currency 
 At September 30, 2016 
 Notional Amount by Expected Maturity 
 Average Foreign Currency Exchange Rate (USD/Foreign Currency)   1   
 Related Forward Contracts to Sell U.S. Dollar for Euro  

1    
 
 The Company has no derivative contracts maturing after fiscal 2018.    

 39 
 
    Derivative Contracts  
 Operations with Foreign Functional Currency 
 At September 30, 2016 
 Notional Amount by Expected Maturity 
 Average Foreign Currency Exchange Rate (USD/Foreign Currency)   1   
 Related Forward Contracts to Sell U.S. Dollar for British Pound  

1    
 
 The Company has no derivative contracts maturing after fiscal 2019.    

40 
 
    Derivative Contracts  
 Operations with Foreign Functional Currency 
 At September 30, 2016 
 Notional Amount by Expected Maturity 
 Average Foreign Currency Exchange Rate (USD/Foreign Currency)   1   
 Related Forward Contracts to Sell U.S. Dollar for Canadian Dollar 

1    
 
 The Company has no derivative contracts maturing after fiscal 2018.    

 Firmly Committed Sales Contracts 
 Operations with Foreign Functional Currency 
 At October 2, 2015 
 Principal Amount by Expected Maturity 

Derivative Contracts 
 Operations with Foreign Functional Currency 
 At October 2, 2015 
 Notional Amount by Expected Maturity 
 Average Foreign Currency Exchange Rate (USD/Foreign Currency)   1   
 Related Forward Contracts to Sell U.S. Dollar for Euro  

1    
 
 The Company had no derivative contracts maturing after fiscal 2016.    

 41 
 
    Derivative Contracts   
 Operations with Foreign Functional Currency 
 At October 2, 2015 
 Notional Amount by Expected Maturity  
 Average Foreign Currency Exchange Rate (USD/Foreign Currency)   1   
 Related Forward Contracts to Sell U.S. Dollar for British Pound  

1    
 
 The Company had no derivative contracts maturing after fiscal 2016.  

Derivative Contracts  
 Operations with Foreign Functional Currency 
 At October 2, 2015 
 Notional Amount by Expected Maturity  
 Average Foreign Currency Exchange Rate (USD/Foreign Currency)   1   
 Related Forward Contracts to Sell U.S. Dollar for Canadian Dollar  

1    
 
 The Company had no derivative contracts maturing after fiscal 2016.  

Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.  Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  These estimates and assumptions are affected by our application of accounting policies.  Our critical accounting policies include revenue recognition, accounting for the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, accounting for inventories, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, impairment of long-lived assets, accounting for assets held for sale, accounting for legal contingencies, accounting for pension benefits, and accounting for income taxes. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue when the title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an agreement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is determinable, and the collectability is reasonably assured.  We recognize product revenues at the point of shipment or delivery in accordance with the terms of sale.  Sales are net of returns and allowances.  Returns and allowances are not significant because products are manufactured to customer specification and are covered by the terms of the product warranty. 
   Revenues and profits on fixed-price contracts with significant engineering as well as production requirements are recorded based on the achievement of contractual milestones and the ratio of total actual incurred costs to date to total estimated costs for each contract (cost-to-cost method).  We review cost performance and estimates to complete on our ongoing contracts at  
 42 
 
  least quarterly.  The impact of revisions of profit estimates are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions are made.  Provisions for anticipated los  ses on contracts are recorded in the period they become evident.  When change orders have been approved by both the company and the customer for both scope and price and realization is deemed probable, the original contract price is adjusted and revenues a  re recognized on contract performance (as determined by the achievement of contractual milestones and the cost-to-cost method).  For partially approved change orders, costs attributable to unpriced change orders are treated as costs of the contract perform  ance in the period the costs are incurred.  Claims are also recognized as contract revenue when approved by both the company and the customer, based on contract performance.  
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 We establish an allowance for doubtful accounts for losses expected to be incurred on accounts receivable balances.  Judgment is required in estimation of the allowance and is based upon specific identification, collection history and creditworthiness of the debtor. 
 Inventories 
 We account for inventories on a first-in, first-out or average cost method of accounting at the lower of its cost or market.  The determination of market requires judgment in estimating future demand, selling prices and cost of disposal.  Judgment is required when determining inventory cost adjustments.  Inventory cost adjustments are recorded when inventory is considered to be excess or obsolete based upon an analysis of actual on-hand quantities on a part-level basis to forecasted product demand and historical usage. 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually.  We are also required to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below its book value.  These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in an entity s market value, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of the business, or other factors. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment in a two-step process.  The first step (Step One) of the goodwill impairment test involves estimating the fair value of a reporting unit.  Fair value (Fair Value) is defined as  the amount at which an asset (or liability) could be bought (or incurred) or sold (or settled) in a current transaction between willing parties, that is, other than in a forced liquidation sale.   A reporting unit is generally defined at the operating segment level or at the component level one level below the operating segment, if said component constitutes a business.  The Fair Value of a reporting unit is then compared to its carrying value, which is defined as the book basis of total assets less total liabilities.  In the event a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its estimated Fair Value, evidence of potential impairment exists.  In such a case, the second step (Step Two) of the impairment test is required, which involves allocating the Fair Value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit, with the excess of Fair Value over allocated net assets representing the Fair Value of goodwill.  An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds the estimated Fair Value of goodwill. 
 As we have grown through acquisitions, we have accumulated $1.0 billion of goodwill and $39.8 million of indefinite-lived intangible assets out of total assets of $3.0 billion at September 30, 2016.  The amount of any annual or interim impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results for the period in which the charge is taken. 
 We performed our annual impairment review for fiscal 2016 as of July 1, 2016, and our Step One analysis indicates that no impairment of goodwill or other indefinite-lived assets exists at any of our reporting units.  Our connection technologies and avionics systems reporting unit s margin in passing the Step One analysis was approximately 5% and 9%, respectively.  This mainly reflects lower cash flow assumptions over the five-year forecast period.  Management expects that continued improvements in operations will result in favorable actual results compared with our 2016 five-year forecast.  It is possible, however, that as a result of events or circumstances, we could conclude at a later date that goodwill of $307.7 million at connection technologies and $229.1 million at avionics systems may be considered impaired.  We also may be required to record an earnings charge or incur unanticipated expenses if, due to a change in strategy or other reasons, we determine the value of other assets has been impaired.  These other assets include trade names of $37.3 million and intangible assets of $212.2 million. 
 The valuation of reporting units requires judgment in estimating future cash flows, discount rates and estimated product life cycles.  In making these judgments, we evaluate the financial health of the business, including such factors as industry performance, changes in technology and operating cash flows. 
 43 
 
    We used available market data and a discounted cash flow analysis in complet  ing our 2016 annual impairment test.  We believe that our cash flow estimates are reasonable based upon the historical cash flows and future operating and strategic plans of our reporting units.  In addition to cash flow estimates, our valuations are sensi  tive to the rate used to discount cash flows and future growth assumptions.  The fair value of all our other reporting units exceeds its book value by greater than 24%.  A 0.5% change in the discount rate used in the cash flow analysis would result in a ch  ange in the fair value of our other reporting units of approximately $83.9 million.  A 0.5% change in the growth rate assumed in the calculation of the terminal value of cash flows would result in a change in the fair value of our other reporting units by   $56.5 million.  None of these changes would have resulted in any of our other reporting units being impaired.  
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
 Long-lived assets that are to be disposed of are required to be reported at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.  An asset (other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets) is considered impaired when estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset.  The first step (Step One) of an impairment test of long-lived assets is to determine the amount of future undiscounted cash flow of the long-lived asset.  In the event the undiscounted future cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the long-lived asset, a second step is required (Step Two), and the long-lived asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value.  Fair value is generally determined based upon estimated discounted future cash flows. 
 As we have grown through acquisitions, we have accumulated $353.2 million of definite-lived intangible assets.  The amount of any annual or interim impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results for the period in which the charge is taken. 
 Assets Held for Sale  
 Assets held for sale are to be reported at the lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.  Judgment is required in estimating the sales price of assets held for sale and the time required to sell the assets.  These estimates are based upon available market data and operating cash flows of the assets held for sale. 
 As more fully described in Note 17 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company s board of directors approved a plan to sell certain non-core business units including Eclipse Electronic Systems, Inc., Wallop Defence Systems, Ltd., Pacific Aerospace and Electronics Inc., and a small distribution business.  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we approved a plan to sell a small manufacturing business included in our Avionics   Controls segment, which is reported as discontinued operations in all periods presented.  As a result, we recorded an after-tax loss of $8.4 million, $31.2 million and $49.5 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, on assets held for sale in discontinued operations. 
 Contingencies  
 We are party to various lawsuits and claims, both as plaintiff and defendant, and have contingent liabilities arising from the conduct of business.  We are covered by insurance for general liability, product liability, workers  compensation and certain environmental exposures, subject to certain deductible limits.  We are self-insured for amounts less than our deductible and where no insurance is available.  An estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  Disclosure of a contingency is required if there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss has been incurred.  We evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. 
 Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits  
 We account for pension expense using the end of the fiscal year as our measurement date.  We select appropriate assumptions including discount rate, rate of increase in future compensation levels and assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets and expected annual increases in costs of medical and other health care benefits in regard to our post-retirement benefit obligations.  Our assumptions are based upon historical results, the current economic environment and reasonable expectations of future events.  Actual results which vary from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods, and accordingly, are recognized in expense in these periods.  Significant differences between our assumptions and actual experience or significant changes in assumptions could impact the pension costs and the pension obligation. 
 Income Taxes  
 The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns.  Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns.  Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our financial position and results of operations. 
   
 44 
 
    Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
 We hereby incorporate by reference the information set forth under the section  Disclosures About Market Risk  under Item 7. 
   
 Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

45 
 
    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 In Thousands 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 46 
 
    Consolidated Balance Sheet  
 In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

47 
 
    Consolidated Balance Sheet   (continued)  
 In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

48 
 
    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
 In Thousands 

49 
 
    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   (continued)  
 In Thousands 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

50 
 
    Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity  ,  
 Noncontrolling Interests and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts  

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

51 
 
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 NOTE 1:   Accounting Policies  
 Nature of Operations 
 Esterline Technologies Corporation (the Company) designs, manufactures and markets highly engineered products.  The Company serves the aerospace and defense industry, primarily in the United States and Europe.  The Company also serves the industrial/commercial and medical markets. 
 Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  Classifications have been changed for certain amounts in prior periods to conform with the current year s presentation. 
 On June 5, 2014, the Company s board of directors authorized a change in the Company s fiscal year end to the last Friday of September from the last Friday in October effective beginning with the year-ended on September 30, 2016.  The Company reported our financial results for the 11-month transition period of November 1, 2014, through October 2, 2015, on the Transition Report on Form 10-K, and thereafter the Company will file an annual report for the twelve-month period ending the last Friday of September of each year, beginning with the twelve-month period ending September 30, 2016.  Prior year results have been recast on a calendar quarter basis.  Refer to the Transition Report on Form 10-K for the eleven months ended October 2, 2015, for additional information regarding our fiscal year change. 
 Management Estimates 
 To prepare financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Concentration of Risks 
 The Company s products are principally focused on the aerospace and defense industry, which includes military and commercial aircraft original equipment manufacturers and their suppliers, commercial airlines, and the United States and foreign governments.  Sales directly to the U.S. government or indirectly through subcontractors to the U.S. government account for approximately 18% and 19% of sales in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Accordingly, the Company s current and future financial performance is dependent on the economic condition of the aerospace and defense industry.  The commercial aerospace and defense markets have historically been subject to cyclical downturns during periods of weak economic conditions or material changes arising from domestic or international events.  Management believes that the Company s sales are balanced across its customer base, which includes not only aerospace and defense customers but also medical and industrial commercial customers. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company recognizes revenue when the title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, there is persuasive evidence of an agreement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is determinable, and the collectability is reasonably assured.  The Company recognizes product revenues at the point of shipment or delivery in accordance with the terms of sale.  Sales are net of returns and allowances.  Returns and allowances are generally not significant because products are manufactured to customer specification and are covered by the terms of the product warranty. 
 Revenues and profits on fixed-price contracts with significant engineering as well as production requirements are recorded based on the achievement of contractual milestones and the ratio of total actual incurred costs to date to total estimated costs for each contract (cost-to-cost method).  Types of milestones include design review and prototype completion.  The Company reviews cost performance and estimates to complete on its ongoing contracts at least quarterly.  The impact of revisions of profit estimates are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions are made.  Provisions for anticipated losses on contracts are recorded in the period they become evident.  When change orders have been approved by both the company and the customer for both scope and price and realization is deemed probable, the original contract price is adjusted and revenues are recognized on contract performance (as determined by the achievement of contractual milestones and the cost-to-cost method).  For partially approved change orders, costs attributable to unpriced change orders are treated as costs of the contract performance in the period the costs are incurred.  Claims are also recognized as contract revenue when approved by both the company and the customer, based on contract performance. 
 52 
 
    Research and Development  
 Expenditures for internally-funded research and development are expensed as incurred.  Customer-funded research and development projects performed under contracts are accounted for as work in process as work is performed and recognized as cost of sales and sales under the proportional performance method.  Research and development expenditures are net of government assistance and tax subsidies, which are not contingent upon paying income tax.  In addition, government assistance for research and development is recorded as a reduction of research and development expense when repayment royalties are contingent upon sales generated directly from the funded research and development.  If reimbursement is not tied directly to sales generated from the funded research and development, the assistance is accounted for as a loan until the criteria for forgiveness has been met. 
 Financial Instruments 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, foreign currency forward contracts, and from time to time interest rate swap agreements.  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate their respective fair values because of the short-term maturities or expected settlement dates of these instruments.  The fair market value of the Company s long-term debt and short-term borrowings was estimated at $870.5 million and $859.0 million at the end of fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  These estimates were derived using discounted cash flows with interest rates and quoted market prices currently available to the Company for issuance of debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk Management 
 The Company is subject to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates from the sale of products in currencies other than its functional currency.  Furthermore, the Company has assets denominated in foreign currencies that are not offset by liabilities in such foreign currencies.  The Company has significant operations in Canada, France, and the United Kingdom, and accordingly, the Company may experience gains or losses due to foreign exchange fluctuations. 
 The Company s policy is to hedge a portion of its forecasted transactions and a portion of its net monetary assets including the embedded derivatives in its backlog using forward exchange contracts in general, with maturities up to 24 months.  These forward contracts have been designated as cash flow hedges.  The portion of the net gain or loss on a derivative instrument that is effective as a hedge is reported as a component of other comprehensive income in shareholders  equity and is reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings.  The remaining net gain or loss on the derivative in excess of the present value of the expected cash flows of the hedged transaction is recorded in earnings immediately.  If a derivative does not qualify for hedge accounting, or a portion of the hedge is deemed ineffective, the change in fair value is recorded in earnings.  The amount of hedge ineffectiveness has not been material in any of the three fiscal periods ended September 30, 2016.  At September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, the notional value of foreign currency forward contracts accounted for as a cash flow hedge was $308.2 million and $306.4 million, respectively.  The notional value of the Companies foreign currency forward contracts include $70 million related to the hedge of a portion of its net monetary assets including the embedded derivatives in our backlog.  The fair value of these contracts was a liability of $4.9 million and $23.3 million at September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, respectively.  The Company does not enter into any forward contracts for trading purposes. 
 In April 2015, the Company issued  330.0 million in 3.625% Senior Notes due April 2023 (2023 Notes) and requiring semi-annual interest payments in April and October each year until maturity.  The Company designated the 2023 Notes and accrued interest as a hedge of the investment in certain foreign business units.  The foreign currency gain or loss that is effective as a hedge is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders  equity.  To the extent that this hedge is ineffective, the foreign currency gain or loss is recorded in earnings.  There was no ineffectiveness since inception of the hedge.  
 Depending on the interest rate environment, the Company may enter into interest rate swap agreements to convert the variable interest rates on notes payable to fixed interest rates.   
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 Foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into their U.S. dollar equivalents based on year-end exchange rates.  Revenue and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates.  Aggregate exchange gains and losses arising from the translation of foreign assets and liabilities are included in shareholders  equity as a component of comprehensive income.  Accumulated loss on foreign currency translation adjustment was $268.8 million, $226.0 million, and $61.1 million as of the fiscal period ended September 30, 2016, October 2, 2015, and October 31, 2014, respectively. 
 53 
 
    Foreign Currency Transaction Gains and Losses  
 Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in results of operations and are primarily the result of revaluing assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency, the impact of changes in exchange rates, gains and losses on forward exchange contracts, and the change in value of foreign currency embedded derivatives in backlog.  These foreign currency transactions resulted in a $19.8 million loss in fiscal 2016, a $1.3 million gain in fiscal 2015, and a $0.9 million gain in fiscal 2014. 
 Cash Equivalents 
 Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase.  Fair value of cash equivalents approximates carrying value.  
 Accounts Receivable 
 Accounts receivable are recorded at the net invoice price for sales billed to customers.  Accounts receivable are considered past due when outstanding more than normal trade terms allow.  An allowance for doubtful accounts is established when losses are expected to be incurred.  Accounts receivable are written off to the allowance for doubtful accounts when the balance is considered to be uncollectible. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost method.  Inventory cost includes material, labor and factory overhead.  The Company defers pre-production engineering costs as work-in-process inventory in connection with long-term supply arrangements that include contractual guarantees for reimbursement from the customer.  Inventory cost adjustments are recorded when inventory is considered to be excess or obsolete based upon an analysis of actual on-hand quantities on a part level basis to forecasted product demand and historical usage. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment, and Depreciation 
 Property, plant and equipment is carried at cost and includes expenditures for major improvements.  Depreciation is generally provided on the straight-line method based upon estimated useful lives ranging from 15 to 30 years for buildings and 3 to 10 years for machinery and equipment.  Depreciation expense was $49.5 million, $50.7 million, and $56.2 million for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.  Depreciation expense included in discontinued operations was $0.7 million and $5.0 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Assets under capital leases were $48.2 million, $40.7 million, and $43.1 million for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.  Amortization expense of assets accounted for as capital leases is included with depreciation expense.  The fair value of liabilities related to the retirement of property is recorded when there is a legal or contractual obligation to incur asset retirement costs and the costs can be estimated.  The Company records the asset retirement cost by increasing the carrying cost of the underlying property by the amount of the asset retirement obligation.  The asset retirement cost is depreciated over the estimated useful life of the underlying property. 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Costs incurred to issue debt are deferred and amortized as interest expense over the term of the related debt using a method that approximates the effective interest method. 
 Long-lived Asset Impairments 
 The carrying amount of long-lived assets is reviewed periodically for impairment.  An asset (other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets) is considered impaired when estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset.  In the event the carrying amount of such asset is not deemed recoverable, the asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value.  Fair value is generally determined based upon estimated discounted future cash flows. 
 Assets of Business Held for Sale 
 Assets held for sale are to be reported at lower of its carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.  Judgment is required in estimating the sales price of assets held for sale and the time required to sell the assets.  These estimates are based upon available market data and operating cash flows of the assets held for sale. 
 Contingencies 
 The Company is party to various lawsuits and claims, both as plaintiff and defendant, and has contingent liabilities arising from the conduct of business.  The Company is covered by insurance for general liability, product liability, workers  compensation and certain environmental exposures, subject to certain deductible limits.  The Company is self-insured for amounts less than our deductible and where no insurance is available.  An estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  The Company evaluates, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. 
 54 
 
    Goodwill and Intangibles  
 Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at least annually or when circumstances require.  A reporting unit is generally defined at the operating segment level or at the component level one level below the operating segment, if said component constitutes a business.  Goodwill is allocated to reporting units based upon the purchase price of the acquired unit, the valuation of acquired tangible and intangible assets, and liabilities assumed.  When a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment test is required.  This test involves allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit, with the excess of fair value over allocated net assets representing the fair value of goodwill.  An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the estimated fair value of goodwill. 
 Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated period of benefit, ranging from 2 to 20 years.  Amortization expense is reflected in selling, general and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  The Company periodically evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets and takes into account events or circumstances that warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate that an impairment exists. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets (other than goodwill) are tested annually for impairment or more frequently on an interim basis if circumstances require. 
 Environmental 
 Environmental exposures are provided for at the time they are known to exist or are considered probable and reasonably estimable.  No provision has been recorded for environmental remediation costs which could result from changes in laws or other circumstances currently not known by the Company.  Costs provided for future expenditures on environmental remediation are not discounted to present value.  
 Pension Plan and Post-Retirement Benefit Plan Obligations 
 The Company accounts for pension expense using the end of the fiscal year as its measurement date.  Management selects appropriate assumptions including discount rate, rate of increase in future compensation levels and assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets and expected annual increases in costs of medical and other health care benefits in regard to the Company s post-retirement benefit obligations.  These assumptions are based upon historical results, the current economic environment and reasonable expectations of future events.  Actual results which vary from assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods, and accordingly, are recognized in expense in these periods.  Significant differences between our assumptions and actual experience or significant changes in assumptions could impact the pension costs and the pension obligation. 
 Legal Expenses 
 The Company recognizes legal costs related to loss contingencies when the expense is incurred. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. 
 Product Warranties 
 Estimated product warranty expenses are recorded when the covered products are shipped to customers and recognized as revenue.  Product warranty expense is estimated based upon the terms of the warranty program. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company recognizes the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. 
 Earnings Per Share 
 Basic earnings per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year.  Diluted earnings per share also includes the dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock units.  Common shares issuable from stock options that are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive were 602,900, 409,050, and 136,200 for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.  The weighted average number of shares outstanding used to compute basic earnings per share was 29,490,000, 30,729,000, and 31,840,000 for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.  The weighted average number of shares outstanding used to compute diluted earnings per share was 29,764,000, 31,215,000, and 32,448,000 for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. 
 55 
 
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), issued new guidance regarding income taxes.  The new guidance will require the tax effects of intercompany transactions, other than sales of inventory, to be recognized currently, eliminating an exception under current Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in which the tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers are deferred until the transferred asset is sold to a third party or otherwise recovered through use. The Company is evaluating the effect the updated standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.   The guidance will be effective for the company in fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted.  
   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance addressing how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The Company is evaluating the effect the updated standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  The guidance will be effective for the Company in fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted. 
   
 In June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard on the measurement of credit losses, which will impact the Company's measurement of trade receivables. The new standard replaces the current incurred loss model with a forward-looking expected loss model that is likely to result in earlier recognition of losses.   The Company is evaluating the effect the updated standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.   The new standard is effective for the Company in 2021, with early adoption permitted, but not earlier than 2020. 
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance simplifying certain aspects of accounting for share-based payments.  The key provision of the new standard requires that excess tax benefits and shortfalls be recorded as income tax benefit or expense in the income statement, rather than in equity.  The Company is evaluating the effect the updated standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  The new guidance is effective for the Company in fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. 
 In February 2016, the FASB  issued a new lease accounting standard, which provides revised guidance on accounting for lease arrangements by both lessors and lessees.  The central requirement of the new standard is that lessees must recognize lease-related assets and liabilities for all leases with a term longer than 12 months.  The Company is evaluating the effect the standard will have on the Company  s  consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  The new standard is effective for the Company in fiscal year 2020, with early adoption permitted.   
 In November 2015, the FASB issued new guidance requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet instead of separating those balances into current and noncurrent amounts. The new guidance is effective for the Company in fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted.  The Company adopted this guidance prospectively on April 1, 2016, and reclassified the current portion of net deferred tax assets and liabilities to net noncurrent deferred tax assets and liabilities.  No prior periods were retrospectively adjusted. 
 In May 2014, the FASB amended requirements for an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers.  The updated standard will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective, and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method.  The Company is evaluating the effect the updated standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.    The updated standard becomes effective for the Company in the first fiscal quarter of 2019, with early adoption is permitted. 

NOTE 2:   Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
 The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance and is based on known troubled accounts, historical experience and other currently available evidence.  Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows: 

1     Other includes balances acquired and balances reclassified to assets held for sale. 
   
 56 

NOTE 3:   Inventories  
 Inventories at the end of fiscal 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

NOTE 4:   Goodwill  
 The following table summarizes the changes in goodwill by segment for fiscal 2016 and 2015: 

On September 3, 2014, the Board of Directors approved a plan to sell certain non-core business units.  These business units are reported as discontinued operations.  In fiscal 2015, based upon the estimated fair values, the Company recorded and estimated after-tax loss of $31.2 million on the assets held for sale in discontinued operations, of which $2.0 million was recorded against goodwill. 

NOTE 5:   Intangible Assets  
 Intangible assets at the end of fiscal 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

Programs represent the valuation of systems or components sold under long-term supply agreements with aerospace companies, military contractors, and OEM manufacturers using similar technology.  The valuation of the program includes the values of the program-specific technology, the backlog of contracts, and the relationship with customers which lead to potential future contracts.  The valuation of the program is based upon its discounted cash flow at a market-based discount rate. 
 57 
 
    Amortization of intangible assets   from continuing operations   was $  49.4   million  , $  44.0   million  , and $  49.4   million   in fiscal   years 2016, 2015, and 2014  , respectively  .      Amortization of intangible assets related to discontinued operations was   $1.2 million and   $  9.1 million   in fiscal   years 2015 and     2014  , respectively  .  
 Estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets for each of the next five fiscal years is as follows: 
    
 In Thousands 

NOTE 6:   Accrued Liabilities  
 Accrued liabilities at the end of fiscal 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

Accrued liabilities are recorded to reflect the Company s contractual obligations relating to warranty commitments to customers.  Warranty coverage of various lengths and terms is provided to customers depending on standard offerings and negotiated contractual agreements.  An estimate for warranty expense is recorded at the time of sale based on the length of the warranty and historical warranty return rates and repair costs. 
 Changes in the carrying amount of accrued product warranty costs are summarized as follows: 

NOTE 7:   Retirement Benefits  
 Approximately 41% of U.S. employees have a defined benefit earned under the Esterline pension plan. 
 58 
 
    Under the Esterline   plan, pension benefits are based on years of service and five-year average compensation for the highest five consecutive years  compensation during the last ten years of employment.  Esterline amended its defined benefit plan to add the cash balance formu  la with annual pay credits ranging from 2% to 6% effective January 1, 2003.  Participants elected either to continue earning benefits under the current plan formula or to earn benefits under the cash balance formula.  Effective January 1, 2003, all new par  ticipants are enrolled in the cash balance formula.  Esterline also has an unfunded supplemental retirement plan for key executives providing for periodic payments upon retirement.  
 CMC Electronics, Inc. (CMC) sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other retirement benefit plans for its non-U.S. employees.  Pension benefits are based upon years of service and final average salary.  Other retirement benefit plans are non-contributory health care and life insurance plans. 
 The Company sponsors a number of other non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans primarily in Belgium, France and Germany.  These defined benefit plans generally provide benefits to employees based on formulas recognizing length of service and earnings. 
 The Company accounts for pension expense using the end of the fiscal year as its measurement date.  In addition, the Company makes actuarially computed contributions to these plans as necessary to adequately fund benefits.  The Company s funding policy is consistent with the minimum funding requirements of ERISA. 
 The accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation for the Esterline plans are $307.0 million and $318.7 million, respectively, with plan assets of $270.9 million as of September 30, 2016.  The underfunded status for the Esterline plans is $47.8 million at September 30, 2016.  Contributions to the Esterline plans totaled $1.4 million and $1.2 million in fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively.  There is no funding requirement for fiscal 2017 for the U.S. pension plans maintained by Esterline. 
 The accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation for the CMC plans are $137.6 million and $138.3 million, respectively, with plan assets of $133.7 million as of September 30, 2016.  The underfunded status for these CMC plans is $4.6 million at September 30, 2016.  Contributions to the CMC plans totaled $5.6 million and $6.3 million in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The expected funding requirement for fiscal 2017 for the CMC plans is $3.7 million. 
 The accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation for the other non-U.S. plans are $37.5 million and $48.4 million, respectively, with plan assets of $21.2 million as of September 30, 2016.  The underfunded status for these other non-U.S. plans is $27.1 million at September 30, 2016.  Contributions to the other non-U.S. plans totaled $5.0 million and $1.7 million in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The expected funding requirement for fiscal 2017 for the other non-U.S. plans is $0.7 million. 
 Principal assumptions of the Esterline, CMC and Other Non-U.S. plans are as follows: 

59 
 
    The Company uses a discount rate for expected returns that is a spot rate developed from a yield curve established from high-quality corporate bonds and matched to plan-specific projected benefit payments.  Although future changes to the discount rate are   unknown, had the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points, pension liabilities in total would have decreased $  14.5   million or increased $15.2 million, respectively.  If all other assumptions are held constant, the estimated effect on fiscal   2016 pension expense from a hypothetical 25 basis points increase or decrease in both the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would not have a material effect on our pension expense.  Management is not aware of any legislativ  e or other initiatives or circumstances that will significantly impact the Company s pension obligations in fiscal 2017.  
 The assumed health care trend rate can have a significant impact on the Company s post-retirement benefit obligations.  The Company s health care trend rate was based on the experience of its plan and expectations for the future.  A 100 basis points increase in the health care trend rate would increase the post-retirement benefit obligation by $1.1 million.  A 100 basis points decrease in the health care trend rate would decrease the post-retirement benefit obligation by $0.9 million.  Assuming all other assumptions are held constant, the estimated effect on fiscal 2016 post-retirement benefit expense from a hypothetical 100 basis points increase or decrease in the health care trend rate would not have a material effect on our post-retirement benefit expense. 
 Plan assets are invested in a diversified portfolio of equity and debt securities consisting primarily of common stocks, bonds and government securities.  The objective of these investments is to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund current benefit payments and achieve targeted risk-adjusted returns.  Management periodically reviews allocations of plan assets by investment type and evaluates external sources of information regarding the long-term historical returns and expected future returns for each investment type, and accordingly, the 3.25% to 8.00% assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets is considered to be appropriate.  Allocations by investment type are as follows: 

The following table presents the fair value of the Company s Pension Plan assets as of September 30, 2016, by asset category segregated by level within the fair value hierarchy, as described in Note 8. 

60 
 
    The following table presents the fair value of the Company s Pension Plan assets as of October 2, 2015, by asset category segregated by level within the fair value hierarchy, as described in Note 8.  

Valuation Techniques 
 Level 1 Equity Securities are actively traded on U.S. and non-U.S. exchanges and are either valued using the market approach at quoted market prices on the measurement date or at the net asset value of the shares held by the plan on the measurement date based on quoted market prices. 
 Level 2 fixed income securities are primarily valued using the market approach at either quoted market prices, pricing models that use observable market data, or bids provided by independent investment brokerage firms. 
 Level 2 primarily consists of commingled trust funds that are primarily valued at the net asset value provided by the fund manager.  Net asset value is based on the fair value of the underlying investments. 
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash which is used to pay benefits and cash invested in a short-term investment fund that holds securities with values based on quoted market prices, but for which the funds are not valued on quoted market basis. 
 Net periodic pension cost for the Company s defined benefit plans at the end of each fiscal year consisted of the following: 

61 
 
    The funded status of the   defined benefit pension and post-retirement plans at the end of fiscal 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

The accumulated benefit obligation for all pension plans was $482.2 million at September 30, 2016, and $433.1 million at October 2, 2015. 
   
 62 
 
    Estimated future   benefit payments expected to be paid from the plan or from the Company s assets are as follows:  

Employees may participate in certain defined contribution plans.  The Company s contribution expense under these plans totaled $10.7 million, $9.5 million, and $10.3 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.  The Company contributes a matching amount that varies by participating company and employee group based on the first 6% of earnings contributed.  The three formulas used are:  25% of the first 6%; or 50% of the first 6%; or 100% of the first 2% and 50% on the next 4%. 
 In fiscal 2014, the Company offered vested terminated participants in the Esterline plan a one-time opportunity to elect a lump-sum payment from the plan in lieu of a lifetime annuity.  In the first fiscal quarter of 2015, the Company paid $16.6 million in lump-sum payments to vested terminated pension plan participants from the plan, which resulted in an actuarial settlement charge of $3.0 million.  During the remainder of fiscal 2015, an additional $1.4 million in lump-sum payments was distributed to cash balance participants under the ongoing terms of the plan, which resulted in an additional settlement charge of $0.5 million in fiscal 2015. 

NOTE 8:  Fair Value Measurements  
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  A fair value hierarchy has been established that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.  An asset s or liability s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  The hierarchy of fair value measurements is described below: 

Level 1   Valuations are based on quoted prices that the Company has the ability to obtain in actively traded markets for identical assets and liabilities.  Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market or exchange traded market, a valuation of these instruments does not require a significant degree of judgment.    

Level 2   Valuations are based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.    

Level 3   Valuations are based on model-based techniques for which some or all of the assumptions are obtained from indirect market information that is significant to the overall fair value measurement and which require a significant degree of management judgment.    

 The following table sets forth the Company s financial assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy at the end of fiscal 2016 and 2015: 

63 

The Company s embedded derivatives are the result of entering into sales or purchase contracts that are denominated in a currency other than the Company s functional currency or the supplier s or customer s functional currency.  The fair value is determined by calculating the difference between quoted exchange rates at the time the contract was entered into and the period-end exchange rate.  These contracts are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 The Company s derivative contracts consist of foreign currency exchange contracts and, from time to time, interest rate swap agreements.  These derivative contracts are over the counter and their fair value is determined using modeling techniques that include market inputs such as interest rates, yield curves, and currency exchange rates.  These contracts are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company s board of directors approved the plan to sell certain non-core business units. Based upon the estimated fair values, the Company adjusted the carrying value of the assets and liabilities of the businesses to fair value.  Principle assumptions used in measuring the estimated value of assets and liabilities held for sale included estimated selling price of the discontinued business, discount rates, industry growth rates, and pricing of comparable transactions in the market.   
 The Company s contingent purchase obligations consist of additional contingent consideration in connection with the acquisition of Sunbank Family of Companies, LLC (Sunbank) of $3.75 million as of October 2, 2015, which was paid in fiscal 2016, upon achievement of the performance objectives.  The value recorded on the balance sheet at October 2, 2015, was derived from the estimated probability that the performance objectives will be met.  The contingent purchase obligation was categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 

NOTE 9:   Derivative Financial Instruments  
 The Company may use derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency forward exchange contracts and interest rate swap contracts for the purpose of minimizing exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates on business transactions and interest rates, respectively.  The Company s policy is to execute such instruments with banks the Company believes to be credit worthy and not to enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.  These derivative financial instruments do not subject the Company to undue risk, as gains and losses on these instruments generally offset gains and losses on the underlying assets, liabilities, or anticipated transactions that are being hedged. 
 All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  For a derivative that has not been designated as an accounting hedge, the change in the fair value is recognized immediately through earnings.  For a derivative that has been designated as an accounting hedge of an existing asset or liability (a fair value hedge), the change in the fair value of both the derivative and underlying asset or liability is recognized immediately through earnings.  For a derivative designated as an accounting hedge of an anticipated transaction (a cash flow hedge), the change in the fair value is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) to the extent the derivative is effective in mitigating the exposure related to the anticipated transaction.  The change in the fair value related to the ineffective portion of the hedge, if any, is immediately recognized in earnings.  The amount recorded within AOCI is reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the underlying hedged transaction affects earnings. 
 The fair values of derivative instruments are presented on a gross basis, as the Company does not have any derivative contracts which are subject to master netting arrangements.  The Company does not have any derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features or that required the posting of collateral as of September 30, 2016.  The cash flows from derivative contracts are recorded in operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 Foreign Currency Forward Exchange Contracts 
   The Company transacts business in various foreign currencies which subjects the Company s cash flows and earnings to exposure related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  These exposures arise primarily from purchases or sales of products and services from third parties.  Foreign currency forward exchange contracts provide for the purchase or sale of  
 64 
 
  foreign currencies at specif  ied future dates at specified exchange rates, and are used to offset changes in the fair value of certain assets or liabilities or forecasted cash flows resulting from transactions denominated in foreign currencies.  As of September 30, 2016, and October 2  , 2015, the Company had outstanding foreign currency forward exchange contracts principally to sell U.S. dollars with notional amounts of $450.9 million and $402.9 million, respectively.  These notional values consist primarily of contracts for the Europea  n euro, British pound sterling and Canadian dollar, and are stated in U.S. dollar equivalents at spot exchange rates at the respective dates.  
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 The Company manages its exposure to interest rate risk by maintaining an appropriate mix of fixed and variable rate debt, which over time should moderate the costs of debt financing.  When considered necessary, the Company may use financial instruments in the form of interest rate swaps to help meet this objective. 
 Embedded Derivative Instruments 
 The Company s embedded derivatives are the result of entering into sales or purchase contracts that are denominated in a currency other than the Company s functional currency or the supplier s or customer s functional currency. 
 Net Investment Hedge 
 In April 2015, the Company issued  330.0 million in 3.625% Senior Notes due April 2023 (2023 Notes) and requiring semi-annual interest payments in April and October each year until maturity.  The Company designated the 2023 Notes and accrued interest as a hedge of the investment in certain foreign business units.  The foreign currency gain or loss that is effective as a hedge is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders  equity.  To the extent that this hedge is ineffective, the foreign currency gain or loss is recorded in earnings.  There was no ineffectiveness since inception of the hedge. 
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
 Fair values of derivative instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at the end of fiscal 2016 and 2015 consisted of: 

The effect of derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for fiscal 2016 and 2015 consisted of: 
  Fair Value Hedges  
 The Company recognized the following gains (losses) on contracts designated as fair value hedges: 

Cash Flow Hedges  
 The Company recognized the following gains (losses) on contracts designated as cash flow hedges: 

65 

Net Investment Hedges  
 We recognized the following gains (losses) on contracts designated as net investment hedges: 

During fiscal years 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded a loss of $6.1 million and a loss of $0.7 million, respectively, on foreign currency forward exchange contracts that have not been designated as an accounting hedge.  These foreign currency exchange gains (losses) are included in selling, general and administrative expense. 
 There was no significant impact to the Company s earnings related to the ineffective portion of any hedging instruments during fiscal years 2016 and 2015.  In addition, there was no significant impact to the Company s earnings when a hedged firm commitment no longer qualified as a fair value hedge or when a hedged forecasted transaction no longer qualified as a cash flow hedge during fiscal years 2016 and 2015. 
 Amounts included in AOCI are reclassified into earnings when the hedged transaction settles.  The Company expects to reclassify approximately $5.6 million of net loss into earnings in fiscal year 2017.  The maximum duration of a foreign currency cash flow hedge contract at September 30, 2016, is 24 months. 

NOTE 10:   Income Taxes  
 Income tax expense from continuing operations for each of the fiscal years consisted of: 

U.S. and foreign components of earnings from continuing operations before income taxes for each of the fiscal years were: 

66 
 
    Primary components of the Company s deferred tax assets (liabilities) at the end of the fiscal years resulted from temporary tax differences associated with the following:  

The tax credit carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 The Company operates in numerous taxing jurisdictions and is subject to regular examinations by various U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions for various tax periods.  Additionally, the Company has retained tax liabilities and the rights to tax refunds in connection with various acquisitions and divestitures of businesses in prior years.  The Company s income tax positions are based on research and interpretations of income tax laws and rulings in each of the jurisdictions in which the Company does business.  Due to the subjectivity and complexity of the interpretations of the tax laws and rulings in each jurisdiction, the differences and interplay in the tax laws between those jurisdictions, as well as the inherent uncertainty in estimating the final resolution of complex tax audit matters, the Company s estimates of income tax liabilities and assets may differ from actual payments, assessments or refunds. 
 Management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the current and long-term deferred tax assets as a result of future taxable income.  Significant factors management considered in determining the probability of the realization of the deferred tax assets include expected future earnings, the Company s historical operating results, and the reversal of deferred tax liabilities.  Accordingly, no valuation allowance has been recorded on the deferred tax assets other than certain capital and net operating losses.  The majority of the losses will expire in fiscal 2020. 
 U.S. and various state and foreign income tax returns are open to examination, and presently there are foreign income tax returns under examination.  Such examinations could result in challenges to tax positions taken, and accordingly, the Company may record adjustments to provisions based on the outcomes of such matters.  However, the Company believes that the resolution of these matters, after considering amounts accrued, will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 The incremental tax benefit received by the Company upon exercise of non-qualified employee stock options was $0.6 million, $2.0 million, and $7.1 million in fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. 
 67 
 
    A reconciliation of the U.S  . federal statutory income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for each of the fiscal years was as follows:  

No provision for federal income taxes has been made on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, since such earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested.  The amount of undistributed foreign earnings which are considered to be indefinitely reinvested at September 30, 2016, is approximately $533.5 million.  Furthermore, the Company determined it was not practical to estimate the deferred taxes on these earnings.  The amount of deferred income taxes is not practical to compute due to the complexity of the Company s international holding company structure, layers of regulatory requirements that have to be evaluated to determine the amount of allowable dividends, numerous potential repatriation scenarios that could be created to facilitate the repatriation of earnings to the U.S., and the complexity of computing foreign tax credits. 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

In Thousands  

Unrecognized tax benefits as of October 2, 2015  

$  
 
 10,583  

Unrecognized gross benefit change:  

Gross decrease due to prior period adjustments  

(475  
 
 )  

Gross increase due to current period adjustments  

1,475  

Gross decrease due to settlements with taxing authorities  

(2,068  
 
 )  

Gross decrease due to a lapse with taxing authorities  

(2,889  
 
 )  

Total change in unrecognized gross benefit  

(3,957  
 
 )  

Unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016  

$  
 
 6,626  

Unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate  

$  
 
 6,626  

Statement of operations:  

Total amount of interest income (expense) included in income tax expense  

$  
 
 (308  
 
 )  

Recognized in the statement of financial position:  

Total amount of accrued interest included in income taxes payable  

$  
 
 583  

During the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that approximately $1.4 million of previously unrecognized tax benefits related to operating losses and tax credits could decrease as a result of settlement of examinations and/or the expiration of statutes of limitations.  The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
   
 The Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities in its major tax jurisdictions as follows:  

68 
 
    NOTE 11:    Debt  
 Long-term debt at the end of fiscal 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

U.S. Credit Facility 
 On April 9, 2015, the Company amended the secured credit facility to extend the expiration to April 9, 2020, increase the revolving credit facility to $500 million, and provide for a delayed-draw term loan facility of $250 million.  The Company recorded $2.3 million in debt issuance costs.  The credit facility is secured by substantially all the Company s assets, and interest is based on standard inter-bank offering rates.  The interest rate ranges from LIBOR plus 1.25% to LIBOR plus 2.00%, depending on the leverage ratios at the time the funds are drawn.  At September 30, 2016, the Company had $155.0 million outstanding under the secured credit facility at an interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.75%, which ranged from 2.27% to 2.29%.  An additional $27.8 million of unsecured foreign currency credit facilities have been extended by foreign banks for a total of $527.8 million available companywide.  Available credit under the above credit facilities was $353.2 million at fiscal 2016 year end, when reduced by outstanding borrowings of $155.0 million and letters of credit of $19.6 million. 
 U.S. Term Loan, due April 2020 
 On August 3, 2015, the Company borrowed $250 million under the delayed-draw term loan provided for under the amended credit facility (U.S. Term Loan, due 2020).  The interest rate on the U.S. Term Loan, due 2020, ranges from LIBOR plus 1.25% to LIBOR plus 2.00%, depending on the leverage ratios at the time the funds are drawn.  At September 20, 2016, the interest rate was LIBOR plus 1.75%, which equaled 2.28%.  The loan amortizes at 1.25% of the original principal balance quarterly through March 2020, with the remaining balance due in April 2020. 
 3.625% Senior Notes, due April 2023 
 In April 2015, the Company issued  330.0 million in 3.625% Senior Notes, due April 2023 (2023 Notes) requiring semi-annual interest payments in April and October of each year until maturity.  The net proceeds from the sale of the notes, after deducting $5.9 million of debt issuance costs, were $350.8 million.  The 2023 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Company.  The 2023 Notes are unconditionally guaranteed on a senior basis by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company that are guarantors under the Company s existing secured credit facility.  The 2023 Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company at any time prior to April 15, 2018, at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus any accrued interest to the date of redemption and a make-whole provision.  The Company may also redeem up to 35% of the 2023 Notes before April 15, 2018, with the net cash proceeds from equity offerings.  The 2023 Notes are also subject to redemption at the option of the Company, in whole or in part, on or after April 15, 2018, at redemption prices starting at 102.719% of the principal amount plus accrued interest during the period beginning April 15, 2018, and declining annually to 100% of principal and accrued interest on or after April 15, 2021. 
 Based on quoted market prices, the fair value of the Company s 2023 Notes was $365.3 million and $347.7 million as of September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, respectively.  The carrying amounts of the secured credit facility and the U.S. Term Loan, due 2020, approximate fair value.  The estimate of fair value for the 2023 Notes was based on Level 2 inputs as defined in the fair value hierarchy. 
   
 In connection with the redemption of debt in fiscal 2015, the Company incurred an $8.75 million redemption premium and wrote off $2.7 million in unamortized debt issuance costs as a loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 Government Refundable Advances 
   Government refundable advances consist of payments received from the Canadian government to assist in research and development related to commercial aviation.  The repayment of this advance is based on year-over-year commercial aviation  
 69 
 
  revenue growth at CMC beginning in 2014.  Imputed interest on the advance was 3.4% at September 30, 2016.  The debt recognized was $45.0 million and $43.3 mil  lion as of September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, respectively.  
 Obligation Under Capital Lease 
 The Company leases building and equipment under capital leases.  The present value of the minimum capital lease payments, net of the current portion, totaled $66.2 million as of September 30, 2016.   
 As of September 30, 2016, aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt and future non-cancelable minimum lease payments under capital lease obligations were as follows: 

A number of underlying agreements contain various covenant restrictions which include maintenance of net worth, payment of dividends, interest coverage, and limitations on additional borrowings.  The Company was in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2016.  

NOTE 12:   Commitments and Contingencies  
 Rental expense for operating leases for engineering, selling, administrative and manufacturing totaled $19.0 million, $18.6 million and $18.1 million in fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2016, the Company s rental commitments for noncancelable operating leases with a duration in excess of one year were as follows: 

The Company is subject to purchase obligations for goods and services.  The purchase obligations include amounts under legally enforceable agreements for goods and services with defined terms as to quantity, price and timing of delivery.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company s purchase obligations were as follows: 

70 
 
    The Company is a party to various lawsuits and claims, both as plaintiff and defendant, and has contingent liabilities arising from the conduct of business, none of wh  ich, in the opinion of management, is expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  The Company believes that it has made appropriate and adequate provisions for contingent liabilities.  
 At the end of fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, the Company had a $0.8 million and $1.6 million liability, respectively, related to environmental remediation at a previously sold business for which the Company provided indemnification. 
 On March 5, 2014, the Company entered into a Consent Agreement with the U.S. Department of State s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance (DTCC) to resolve alleged International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) civil violations.  The Consent Agreement settled the pending ITAR compliance matter with the DTCC previously reported by the Company that resulted from voluntary reports the Company filed with DTCC that disclosed possible technical and administrative violations of the ITAR.  The Consent Agreement has a three-year term and provides for: (i) a payment of $20 million, $10 million of which is suspended and eligible for offset credit based on verified expenditures for past and future remedial compliance measures; (ii) the appointment of an external Special Compliance Official to oversee compliance with the Consent Agreement and the ITAR; (iii) two external audits of the Company s ITAR compliance program; and (iv) continued implementation of ongoing compliance measures and additional remedial compliance measures related to automated systems and ITAR compliance policies, procedures, and training.  The Company expects to be released from the Consent Agreement in fiscal 2017, depending upon the Company s satisfactory completion of the remaining requirements under the agreement and the timing of final approval by the DTCC.  The $10 million portion of the settlement that is not subject to suspension will be paid in installments, with $8 million paid over fiscal years 2014, 2015, and 2016 and $2 million is payable in March 2017.  In fiscal 2016, the DTCC approved costs the Company incurred to implement compliance measures to fully offset the $10 million suspended payment. 
 During fiscal 2015, the Company recognized a $15.7 million gain in other income and a $2.4 million reduction in interest expense upon the lapse of a statutory period related to a liability for a non-income tax position of an acquired company.  In addition, the Company incurred a $2.9 million loss in other income on foreign currency exchange resulting from the funding of the acquisition of DAT. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company received a $5 million insurance recovery due to an energetic incident at one of our countermeasure operations, which occurred in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. 
 Approximately 554 U.S.-based employees or 12% of total U.S.-based employees were represented by various labor unions.  The Company s non-U.S. operations are subject to union and national trade union agreements and to local regulations governing employment. 

NOTE 13:   Employee Stock Plans  
 The Company has three share-based compensation plans, which are described below.  The compensation cost that has been charged against income for those plans for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $13.5 million, $10.8 million, and $13.0 million, respectively.  The total income tax benefit recognized in the income statement for the share-based compensation arrangement for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $3.6 million, $2.7 million, and $3.0 million, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company offers an employee stock purchase plan to its employees.  The plan qualifies as a noncompensatory employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code.  Employees are eligible to participate through payroll deductions subject to certain limitations. 
 The plan has a safe harbor design where shares are purchased by participants at 95% of the fair market value on the purchase date and, therefore, compensation cost is not recorded.  During fiscal 2016, employees purchased 24,441 shares at a fair market value price of $71.44 per share.  As of September 30, 2016, deductions aggregating $0.5 million were accrued for the purchase of shares on December 15, 2016. 
 Employee Share-Save Scheme 
 The Company offers shares under its employee share-save scheme for U.K. employees.  This plan allows participants the option to purchase shares at 95% of the market price of the stock as of the beginning of the offering period.  The term of these options is three years.  At the end of fiscal 2016, the Company had reserved 142,030 shares for issuance under its employee share-save scheme for U.K. employees, leaving a balance of 465,087 shares available for issuance in the future.  The share-save scheme is not a  safe-harbor  design, and, therefore, compensation cost is recognized on this plan.  
 71 
 
    Under the employee share-save scheme, option exercise prices are equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant.  The Company granted 70,673, 25,984 and 29,2  42 options in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.  The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted in fiscal 2016 was $16.65 per share.  During fiscal 2016, 1,813 options were exercised at a weighted average exercise price of $65.84.  
 The fair value of the awards under the employee share-save scheme was estimated using a Black-Scholes pricing model which uses the assumptions noted in the following table.  The risk-free rate for the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect the time of grant. 

Equity Incentive Plan 
 The Company also provides an equity incentive plan for officers and key employees.  At the end of fiscal 2016, the Company had 1,693,557 shares reserved for issuance to officers and key employees, of which 866,158 shares were available to be granted in the future. 
 Stock Options 
 The Board of Directors authorized the Compensation Committee to administer awards granted under the equity incentive plan and to establish the terms of such awards.  Awards under the equity incentive plan may be granted to eligible employees of the Company over the 10-year period ending March 5, 2023.  Options granted generally become exercisable ratably over a period of four years following the date of grant and expire on the tenth anniversary of the grant.  Option exercise prices are equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant.  The weighted-average grant date fair value of the options granted in fiscal 2016 and 2015 was $35.69 per share and $47.85 per share, respectively. 
 The fair value of each option granted by the Company was estimated using a Black-Scholes pricing model which uses the assumptions noted in the following table.  The Company uses historical data to estimate volatility of the Company s common stock and option exercise and employee termination assumptions.  The range of the expected term reflects the results from certain groups of employees exhibiting different behavior.  The risk-free rate for the periods within the contractual life of the grant is based upon the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of the grant. 

The following table summarizes the changes in outstanding options granted under the Company s equity incentive plan: 

72 

The aggregate intrinsic value of the option shares outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2016, was $17.8 million and $17.2 million, respectively. 
 The number of option shares vested or that were expected to vest at September 30, 2016, was 1.3 million and the aggregate intrinsic value was $17.7 million.  The weighted average exercise price and weighted average remaining contractual term of option shares vested or that were expected to vest at September 30, 2016, was $71.12 and 5.5 years, respectively.  The weighted-average remaining contractual term of option shares currently exercisable is 4.4 years as of September 30, 2016. 
 The table below presents stock activity related to stock options exercised in fiscal 2016 and 2015: 

Total unrecognized compensation expense for stock options that have not vested as of September 30, 2016, is $7.4 million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.8 years.  The total fair value of option shares vested during the year ended September 30, 2016, was $2.4 million. 
   
 The following table summarizes information for stock options outstanding at September 30, 2016: 

Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company granted 37,000 and 28,150 restricted stock units (RSUs) during fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The fair value of each RSU granted by the Company is equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant.  RSUs granted generally have a three-year cliff vesting schedule. 
 The following table summarizes the changes in RSUs granted under the Company s equity incentive plan: 

Total unrecognized compensation expense for RSUs that have not vested as of September 30, 2016, is $3.4 million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.7 years. 
 73 
 
    The table below presents stock activity related to restricted stock units vested in fiscal 2016 and 2015:  

Performance Shares 
 The Company granted 56,275 and 36,800 performance share plan (PSP) shares during fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  PSP shares will be paid out in shares of Esterline common stock at the end of the three year performance period.  The actual number of shares that will be paid out upon completion of the performance period is based on actual performance and may range from 0% to 300% of the target number of shares. 
   
 The following table summarizes the activity in the target PSP shares granted under the Company s equity incentive plan: 

NOTE 14:   Shareholder s Equity  
 The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 25,000 shares of preferred stock ($100 par value), 475,000 shares of serial preferred stock ($1.00 par value), each issuable in series, and 60,000,000 shares of common stock ($.20 par value).  At the end of fiscal 2016, there were no shares of preferred stock or serial preferred stock outstanding. 
 Changes in outstanding common shares are summarized as follows: 

On June 19, 2014, the Company s board of directors approved a $200 million share repurchase program.  In March 2015, the Company s board of directors approved an additional $200 million for the share repurchase program.  Under the program, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to $400 million of outstanding shares of common stock from time to time, depending on market conditions, share price and other factors.  Repurchases may be made in the open market or through private transactions, in accordance with SEC requirements.  The Company may enter into a Rule 10(b)5-1 plan designed to facilitate the repurchase of all or a portion of the repurchase amount.  The program does not require the Company to acquire a specific number of shares.  Common stock repurchased can be reissued, and accordingly, the Company accounts for repurchased stock under the cost method of accounting. 
 74 
 
    The Company purchased the following shares of common stock in fiscal 2016 under the above described repurchase plan:  

The components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss: 

NOTE 15:   Acquisitions  
 On January 31, 2015, the Company acquired the defense, aerospace and training display (DAT) business of Belgium-based Barco N.V. (Barco) for  150 million, or approximately $171 million, in cash before a working capital adjustment of approximately $15 million.  The Company incurred a $2.9 million foreign currency exchange loss in the funding of the acquisition in fiscal 2015.  Acquisition related costs of $3.4 million were recognized as selling, general and administrative expense in fiscal 2015.  The DAT acquisition contributed $155.7 million and $82.5 million in sales and $2.6 million in operating earnings and $16.0 million in operating losses in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The Company financed the acquisition primarily using international cash reserves, with the balance funded by borrowings under its existing credit facility.  The DAT business develops and manufactures visualization solutions for a variety of demanding defense and commercial aerospace applications and is included in our Avionics   Controls segment. 
 The following summarizes the allocation of the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition.  The fair value adjustment for inventory was $7.0 million, which was recognized as cost of goods sold over eight months, the estimated inventory turnover.  The fair value of acquired programs represented the value of visualization solutions sold under long-term supply agreements with aerospace companies, military contractors, and OEM manufacturers using similar technology.  The valuation of the program included the values of program-specific technology, the backlog of contracts, and the relationship with customers which lead to potential future contracts.  The valuation of the programs was based upon the discounted cash flow at a market-based discount rate.  The purchase price includes the value of existing technologies, the introduction of new technologies, and the addition of new customers.  These factors resulted in recording goodwill of $46.6 million.  A substantial portion of the amount allocated to goodwill is deductible for income tax purpose. 

75 

On December 20, 2013, the Company acquired Sunbank Family of Companies, LLC (Sunbank) for $51.7 million.  Sunbank is a manufacturer of electrical cable accessories, connectors and flexible conduit systems.  Sunbank is included in the Sensors   Systems segment. 
 The above acquisitions were accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, and the results of operations were included from the effective date of each acquisition. 

NOTE 16:   Restructuring  
 On December 5, 2013, the Company announced the acceleration of its plans to consolidate certain facilities and create cost efficiencies through shared services in sales, general and administrative and support functions.  The costs are mainly for exit and relocation of facilities, losses on the write off of certain property, plant and equipment, and severance.   
 In fiscal 2016, restructuring expense totaled $8.7 million, as more fully described in the following table: 

In fiscal 2015, restructuring expense totaled $11.7 million, as more fully described in the following table: 

76 
 
    For fiscal 2015, unaudited and recast restructuring expense totaled $14.6 million, as more fully described in the following table:  

The Company has recorded an accrued liability of $1.9 million and $2.8 million for these activities as of September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 17:   Discontinued Operations  
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company s board of directors approved the plan to sell certain non-core business units including Eclipse Electronic Systems, Inc. (Eclipse), a manufacturer of embedded communication intercept receivers for signal intelligence applications; Wallop Defence Systems, Ltd. (Wallop), a manufacturer of flare countermeasure devices; Pacific Aerospace and Electronics Inc. (PA E), a manufacturer of hermetically sealed electrical connectors; a small distribution business; and a small manufacturing business. These businesses were not separate reporting units as defined under U.S. GAAP, and there was no indicator of impairment requiring an impairment test of their corresponding reporting units  goodwill or these businesses  long-lived assets.  Based upon the estimated fair values, the Company incurred an estimated after-tax loss of $8.4 million, $30.8 million and $49.5 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, on the assets held for sale in discontinued operations.  Principle assumptions used in measuring the estimated after-tax loss included estimated selling price of the discontinued business, discount rates, industry growth rates, and pricing of comparable transactions in the market.  The additional losses on the assets were due to either the finalization of the selling prices of the assets disposed or to update the estimated fair values of the assets which continued to be held for sale.  The estimated fair values were impacted by current market conditions for the sale transactions based mainly upon the status of negotiations with the potential buyers.  
 On June 5, 2015, the Company sold Eclipse for $7.9 million and retained ownership of the land, building and building improvements, which are held for sale.  In addition, on July 20, 2015, the Company sold PA E for $22.3 million. 
 On May 4, 2016, the Company sold certain assets of Wallop for 2.5 million British pounds and deferred compensation up to a maximum payment of 9 million British pounds.  The deferred compensation is payable based upon receipt of acceptable orders during a three-year period ending May 3, 2019, and is equal to the amount of the acceptable order times a specified percentage ranging from 26.5% to 31%.  The earn-out payment is estimated to be 5.8 million British pounds at September 30, 2016. 
 On June 6, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to sell Wallop s naval business for 1.25 million euros, a contingent payment for 1.25 million euros and deferred compensation.  Deferred compensation is based upon the receipt of certain acceptable orders by October 31, 2019, and is equal to the amount of the order times 10%.  Closing is contingent upon actions by third parties, including agreements to novate and enter into new supply contracts with, the buyer and customer validation of a specific raw material essential for the end products delivered to the customer. 
 The Company recorded an expense related to environmental remediation at a previously sold business for which the Company provided indemnification of $0.8 million in fiscal 2016, $2.1 million in fiscal 2015, and $0.8 million in fiscal 2014.  The liability for this environmental obligation was $0.8 million and $1.6 million at September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, respectively.  Remediation costs paid in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $1.5 million, $2.0 million and $0.7 million, respectively. 
 77 
 
    The results of discontinued operations for the last three fiscal years were as follows:  

78 
 
    Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale within the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016, are comprised of the following:  

Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale within the Consolidated Balance Sheet at October 2, 2015, are comprised of the following: 

79 
 
    NOTE 18:    Business Segment Information  
 The Company s businesses are organized and managed in three reporting segments:  Avionics   Controls, Sensors   Systems and Advanced Materials.  Operating segments within each reporting segment are aggregated.  Operations within the Avionics   Controls segment focus on integrated cockpit systems, technology interface systems for commercial and military aircraft, and similar devices for land- and sea-based military vehicles, visualization solutions for defense and commercial applications, secure communication systems, military audio and data products, specialized medical equipment and other industrial applications.  Sensors   Systems includes operations that produce high-precision temperature and pressure sensors, electrical power switching, electrical interconnection systems, and other related systems principally for aerospace and defense customers.  The Advanced Materials segment focuses on thermally engineered components for critical aerospace applications, high-performance elastomer products used in a wide range of commercial aerospace and military applications, and combustible ordnance and warfare countermeasure devices.  All segments include sales to domestic, international, defense and commercial customers. 
 Geographic sales information is based on product origin.  The Company evaluates these segments based on segment profits prior to net interest, other income/expense, corporate expenses and federal/foreign income taxes. 
 Details of the Company s operations by business segment for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 

80 

1    
 
 Excludes capital expenditures accounted for as a capitalized lease obligation of $2.8 million in fiscal 2014.    

2    
 
 Excludes capital expenditures accounted for as a capitalized lease obligation of $8.0 million in fiscal 2016.    

3    
 
 Excludes capital expenditures accounted for as a capitalized lease obligation of $3.3 million in fiscal 2016.    

4    
 
 Primarily cash and deferred tax assets (see Note 10).    

81 
 
    The Company s operations by geographic area for the last three fiscal years were as follows:  

82 

1    
 
      Based on country from which the sale originated and the sale was recorded.     

2    
 
 Before corporate expense, shown on page 80.    

3    
 
 Excludes corporate, shown on page 81.    

 The Company s foreign operations consist of manufacturing facilities located in Belgium, Canada, China, the Dominican Republic, France, Germany, India, Mexico, Morocco, and the United Kingdom, and include sales and service operations located in Brazil, China, and Singapore.  Intercompany sales are at prices comparable with sales to unaffiliated customers.  U.S. government sales as a percent of Advanced Materials and Avionics   Controls sales were 9.8% and 2.0%, respectively, in fiscal 2016 and 3.1% of consolidated sales.  In fiscal 2015, the U.S. government sales as a percent of Advanced Materials and Avionics   Controls sales were 9.9% and 1.1%, respectively, and 2.9% of consolidated sales.  In fiscal 2014, the U.S. government sales as a percent of Advanced Materials and Avionics   Controls sales were 14.7% and 1.7%, respectively, and 4.0% of consolidated sales.  
 Product lines contributing sales of 10% or more of total sales in any of the last three fiscal years were as follows: 

NOTE 19:   Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)  
 The following is a summary of unaudited quarterly financial information: 

83 

The sum of the quarterly per share amounts may not equal per share amounts reported for year-to-date periods.  This is due to changes in the number of weighted average shares outstanding and the effects of rounding for each period. 

84 
 
    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders  
 Esterline Technologies Corporation    
   
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Esterline Technologies Corporation as of September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, shareholders' equity, and noncontrolling interests for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, the eleven months ended October 2, 2015, and the twelve months ended October 31, 2014.  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
   
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
   
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Esterline Technologies Corporation at September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, the eleven months ended October 2, 2015, and the twelve months ended October 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
   
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Esterline Technologies Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 23, 2016, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
   
 /s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 November 23, 2016 

85 
 
    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders  
 Esterline Technologies Corporation  
   
 We have audited Esterline Technologies Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Esterline Technologies Corporation s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
   
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
   
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
   
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
   
 In our opinion, Esterline Technologies Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on   the COSO criteria .  
   
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the accompanying consolidated balances sheets of Esterline Technologies Corporation as of September 30, 2016, and October 2, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, shareholders  equity, and noncontrolling interests for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016, the eleven months ended October 2, 2015, and the twelve months ended October 31, 2014, of Esterline Technologies Corporation and our report dated November 23, 2016, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
   
 /s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 November 23, 2016 

86 
 
    Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreemen  ts with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
 None. 
   
 Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 Our principal executive and financial officers evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016.  Based upon that evaluation, they concluded as of September 30, 2016, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.  In addition, our principal executive and financial officers concluded as of September 30, 2016, that our disclosure controls and procedures are also effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  Our internal control system over financial reporting is designed by, or under the supervision of, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, and is effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the  assets of the company; 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that transactions are made only in accor dance with the authorization of our management and directors; and 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized transactions that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in condition, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of Esterline s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016.  In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework).  Based on management s assessment and those criteria, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016. 
   
 87 
 
    Our independent regi  stered public accounting firm, Ernst   Young LLP, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.  This report appears on page 86.  

/s/ Curtis C. Reusser 

Curtis C. Reusser  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Robert D. George 

Robert D. George  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  

and Corporate Development  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

/s/ Gary J. Posner 

Gary J. Posner  

Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
 Item 9B.  Other Information 
 None. 

88 
 
    PART III   
   
 Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 We hereby incorporate by reference the information set forth under  Election of Directors,   Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,   Code of Ethics,   Other Information as to Directors   Board and Board Committees,  and  Other Information as to Directors   Director Nominations and Qualifications  in the definitive form of the Company s Proxy Statement, relating to its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on February 9, 2017. 
 Information regarding our executive officers required by this item appears in Item 1 of this report under  Executive Officers of the Registrant.  
   
 Item 11.  Executive Compensation 
 We hereby incorporate by reference the information set forth under  Other Information as to Directors   Director Compensation,   Executive Compensation   Compensation Discussion and Analysis,   Compensation Committee Report  and  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  in the definitive form of the Company s Proxy Statement, relating to its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on February 9, 2017. 
   
 Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 We hereby incorporate by reference the information set forth under  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  and  Equity Compensation Plan Information  in the definitive form of the Company s Proxy Statement, relating to its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on February 9, 2017. 
   
 Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 We hereby incorporate by reference the information set forth under  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  and  Other Information as to Directors   Board and Board Committees  in the definitive form of the Company s Proxy Statement, relating to its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on February 9, 2017. 
   
 Item 14.  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services 
 We hereby incorporate by reference the information set forth under  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fees  in the definitive form of the Company s Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on February 9, 2017. 

89 
 
    PART IV  
   
 Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
 (a)(1) Financial Statements.  
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are as set forth under Item 8 of this report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules.  
 All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 
 (a)(3)  Exhibits.  
 See Exhibit Index on pages 93-97.  

90 
 
    SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  

(Registrant)  

By  

/s/ Robert D. George   

Robert D. George  

Executive Vice President,   

Chief Financial Officer, and  

Corporate Development  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

Dated:  November 23, 2016 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

/s/ Curtis C. Reusser   

Chairman, President and Chief  

November 23, 2016   

(Curtis C. Reusser)  

Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date  

/s/ Robert D. George  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial  

November 23, 2016   

(Robert D. George)  

Officer, and Corporate Development 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

Date  

/s/ Gary J. Posner   

Corporate Controller and Chief  

November 23, 2016  

(Gary J. Posner)  

Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date  

/s/ Michael J. Cave  

Director  

November 23, 2016 

(Michael J. Cave)  

Date  

/s/ Delores M. Etter  

Director  

November 23, 2016 

(Delores M. Etter)  

Date  

/s/ Anthony P. Franceschini  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

(Anthony P. Franceschini)  

Date  

/s/ Paul V. Haack   

Director  

November 23, 2016 

(Paul V. Haack)  

Date  

91 

92 

93 

94 

95 

96 

*  Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
   
 97  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 esl-ex101_1050.htm
 EX-10.1

esl-ex101_1050.htm

Exhibit 10.1 

Esterline Technologies Corporation 
   
 FY17 Annual Incentive Compensation Plan 
 for Corporate Office Participants 

1.   
 
 Purpose.   Esterline Technologies Corporation ( Esterline  or the  Company ) has established this Annual Incentive Compensation Plan ( Corporate IC Plan  or the  Plan ) to reward its officers and other Corporate staff for effective work that leads and supports our operations in achieving  expected and superior results for shareholders this fiscal year.     

2.   
 
 Corporate IC Terms.   The Company established this Plan pursuant to its 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended ( 2013 Plan ).  The terms of the appointment letter, this Plan, and the 2013 Plan together constitute the  Corporate IC Terms.    Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered and its provisions interpreted so that payments made to individuals who are  covered employees  qualify as  performance-based compensation,  in each case, within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Code ).     

3.   
 
 Participation.   All Company officers and other employees who hold regular full-time or part-time job assignments, and who report to one of the Company s corporate offices are eligible to participate in this Plan ( Participants ).      

a.   
 
 Appointments . Eligible employees become Participants upon receipt of an appointment letter for a single fiscal year. Appointment letters will establish a target award for each Participant, expressed as a percentage of the Participant s base salary in effect on the last day of the fiscal year ( Target Award ).  If appointed after the first fiscal quarter, Participants will receive a pro-rata award for the portion of the fiscal year following their appointment, calculated as provided in section 6 below.    Appointment as a Participant in one or more fiscal years does not entitle employees to subsequent appointments.     

b.   
 
 Board Approval.   Plan appointments for Company officers and any other senior manager who reports directly to the CEO require approval by the Company s Board of Directors ( Board ).     

4.   
 
 Performance Goals.   The Plan has the following performance goals for the fiscal year ( Plan Goals ):      

a.   
 
 EBIT.   Earnings before interest and taxes ( EBIT ), weighted at 50%;      

b.   
 
 ROS.  Return on sales ( ROS ), weighted at 30%; and     

c.   
 
 Strategic Objectives.   The Strategic Objectives together are weighted at a total of 20%.     

The numerical values for the EBIT and ROS goals, and the details and metrics for the Strategic Objectives will be determined by the Board and stated in Participant appointment letters.  
   
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for Participants who are  covered employees  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, payment of awards under the Plan is expressly conditioned on achievement by the Company of a specified level of earnings from continuing operations before income taxes, as reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements, as determined by the Committee within the first ninety (90) days of the applicable fiscal year ( Umbrella Goal ), in which case the maximum amount available for payout under a Plan award to each such Participant will be as determined the Committee.    

5.   
 
   Plan Awards.   Participants will earn 100% of their Target Award for achievement of Plan Goals. Participants  actual awards will vary from their Target Awards if performance is above or below Plan      

FY17 Corporate IC Plan 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 1 

Goals.  Participants will receive no award if results fall short of certain minimum threshold levels.  If performance results reach   such minimum thresholds, Participants will earn 25% of their Target Award.  Participants will receive up to a maximum of 200% of their Target Award i  f performance exceeds Plan Goals and reaches certain maximum performance levels.    Between the Plan s   minimum   threshold and maximum performance levels, Participants  awards will increase or decrease from their Target Award amount in proportion to incremental achievement of Plan Goals.       

6.   
 
 Calculations.      

a.   
 
 Performance Goals.   Esterline will calculate EBIT as   total profit from continuing operations before interest and tax expense, and excluding non-recurring and/or unusual items.  ROS will be calculated as total EBIT from continuing operations, divided by total sales from continuing operations.  Calculations of both EBIT and ROS will be adjusted to remove the effects of acquisitions, divestitures, or corporate-designated integration projects, if any.  Achievement of Strategic Objectives will be measured as stated in Participant appointment letters.     

b.   
 
 Pro-rata Awards.   Pro-rata award calculations will be based on performance results for the full fiscal year, with actual awards pro-rated for the time during which an employee participated in the Plan.  Participants who are appointed any time during the first fiscal quarter will be eligible to receive an award for the full fiscal year.  For those appointed after the first fiscal quarter, participation will be measured in full-month increments, rounded up for months in which a Participant was actively employed under the Plan for 15 days or more, and rounded down for active employment under the Plan of 14 days or less. The pro-rata factor will be a fraction, the numerator of which will be the number of months of participation, and the denominator of which will be 12.      

7.   
 
 Adjustments.   The Board may exercise its discretion to ensure Participants receive an equitable award by adjusting: (a) Plan Goals; (b) Plan calculations to include or exclude non-recurring and/or unusual items, in whole or in part; (c) an individual Participant s actual award; or (d) the factors used to calculate Plan awards.  Such adjustments may be made if unanticipated and material events occur, or unusual business conditions develop after the beginning of a fiscal year.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may not adjust the Umbrella Goal in such a manner that would increase the amount of compensation otherwise payable to a  covered employee  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee will seek and consider advice from an independent executive compensation expert and from the General Counsel before deciding whether to recommend an adjustment under this section for Board action.     

8.   
 
 Payment.   Subject to   other Corporate IC Terms,   the Company will pay Plan   awards within 60 days following fiscal year-end, if and only if: Company auditors have issued an opinion consistent with the calculations; the Committee and Board have approved the awards. If these conditions delay award payments beyond the usual 60 days, such awards must be paid no later than 75 days following fiscal year end.       

9.   
 
 Continuous Employment.   To be eligible for payment, Participants must be actively employed by the Company through the end of the fiscal year, and through the date on which Plan awards are paid, except as might otherwise be provided in Corporate IC Terms.  Appointments will end automatically for Participants who do not satisfy these conditions and no Plan awards will be earned or due.  The Company considers approved leaves of absence to be active employment, provided they do not exceed the amount of leave to which a Participant is entitled under applicable Company policies, and under disability, family and medical leave laws.  For approved leaves that exceed such limits, payment of Plan awards, if any, is subject to CEO, Committee, and Board discretion, as applicable.       

10.   
 
 Employment Status Changes.   Except as otherwise determined by the CEO, Committee, or Board, consistent with the levels of authority outlined in section 3.a. above; or as might be provided in other Corporate IC Terms, the following provisions will apply to employment status changes:     

a.   
 
 Transfers .  If during the fiscal year   a Participant   transfers employment to a Company Platform or business unit, his/her Plan award will be pro-rated proportionately, as provided section in 6 above.     

FY17 Corporate IC Plan 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 2 

b.   
 
 Suspension, Resignation, or Discharge.   All Participant rights under this Plan will be suspended during any period of suspension from employment.  A Participant s appointment will automatically end when s/he leaves employment with the Company for any reason other than Retirement, Disability, or death.  The Committee may immediately cancel a Participant s appointment and recover any awards made if it discovers facts that, if known earlier, would have constituted grounds for termination of employment for cause.     

c.   
 
 Retirement, Disability, or Death.   If a Participant leaves employment before the Plan payment date due to Retirement, Disability, or death, the Company will pay a pro-rata amount, as defined in Section 6 above.  Such payments will be made in the normal course, as provided in Section 8 above.       

11.   
 
 Change of Control.   In the event of a Change in Control as defined in the 2013 Plan, this Corporate IC Plan will automatically terminate and Participants will receive payment within 60 days in an amount equal to the Participant s target award, pro-rated as defined in section 6 above.  Provided, however, that this Section does not apply to the Company s executive and non-executive officers, or to any other Participant who is party to a Company Termination Protection Agreement.       

12.   
 
 Employment Terms.   Participants  terms of employment remain unchanged by appointment to this Plan, except as specifically provided in the Corporate IC Terms.  Nothing in the appointment process or in the Corporate IC Terms guarantees continued employment.  Participants remain subject to usual Company policies and practices, and to any other employment agreements, service terms, appointments, or mandates to which they are otherwise subject.     

13.   
 
 Plan Administration   Interpretation.   The Committee administers this Plan.  As such it shall consider and decide any issues arising under the Plan, and shall oversee and approve actual award calculations and payments.  The Committee s decisions concerning Plan administration and interpretation are final and binding, except as they might relate to the CEO or to other executive officers, in which case the Board has final decision-making authority.  Definitions in the 2013 Plan apply to terms used in this Plan unless otherwise defined here. All references to the  Company  include a  Related Company,  as that term is defined in the 2013 Plan.      

14.   
 
 Modification and Termination.   The Committee or the Board, in its sole discretion, may modify or terminate this Plan at any time.       

15.   
 
 Section 409A.   The Company intends that this Plan and the payments provided hereunder comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan, the 2013 Plan or any other agreement to the contrary: (a) this Plan shall be interpreted, operated, and administered in a manner consistent with such intentions; and (b) in the event that the payment of an award is subject to acceleration upon a change in control or similar event with respect to the Company, such acceleration shall only occur to the extent that such change in control or similar event constitutes a change in control event with respect to the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.     

16.   
 
 Reimbursement.   Plan participation and awards are subject to the Board s Policy on Reimbursement of Incentive Awards, as it might change from time to time.       

Approved by the Committee   Board, and issued on their behalf, 

Curtis C. Reusser 
 Chairman, President   CEO 
   
 [Date] 

FY17 Corporate IC Plan 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 3  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 esl-ex102_997.htm
 EX-10.2

esl-ex102_997.htm

Exhibit 10.2 
   
 Esterline Technologies Corporation  
   
 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN  (Esterline Executive   Corporate Officers Only)  

1.   
 
 Purpose.   Esterline Technologies Corporation ( Esterline  or the  Company ) has established this Long-Term Incentive Performance Share Plan ( PSP   PSP Plan , or  the Plan ) to reward its officers and selected senior managers for effective leadership that achieves expected and superior results for shareholders over the long term.     

2.   
 
   PSP Terms.   The Company established this PSP pursuant to its 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time) ( 2013 Plan ).  The terms of the PSP Appointment, the Award Table, this PSP Plan, and the 2013 Plan together constitute the  PSP Terms.       Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered and its provisions interpreted so that payments made to Participants who are  covered employees  qualify as  performance-based compensation,  in each case, within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( Code ).     

3.   
 
 Participation.        

a.   
 
 Selection.   The Company s officers and other senior managers employed by the Company s corporate office or by a Company subsidiary are eligible to participate in this PSP.  Appointments require recommendation by an executive officer and approval by Esterline s Board of Directors Compensation Committee (hereafter  Board  and  Committee ).  In addition, Board approval is also required for appointments of the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and of all other executive officers.  The CEO, acting independently, also has authority to make PSP appointments, provided such appointments comply with the Company s Equity Grant Guidelines, and do not appoint employees who report directly to the CEO.  Employees who are appointed to the PSP are hereafter referred to as  Participant(s).      

b.   
 
 Appointment.   Each Participant will receive a written appointment in the form attached ( PSP Appointment ).  Participants are usually appointed to the PSP in the first fiscal quarter of a performance period.  Nevertheless, Participants may be appointed at any time.  Participants appointed after the first fiscal quarter will receive a pro-rata award for the portion of the performance period following their appointment, calculated as provided in Section 7 below.    Appointment as a Participant in one or more PSP performance periods does not entitle employees to appointment in subsequent periods.       

4.   
 
 Performance Periods.   PSP performance periods will be three years in duration, beginning on the first day of a Company fiscal year and ending on the last day of the third consecutive fiscal year thereafter.  A new three-year performance period will start with each new fiscal year, such that there will be three overlapping PSP performance periods open at any given time, as illustrated below.  The Committee may establish shorter performance periods as it determines are reasonable.      

Performance Share Plan 
 Fiscal Years 2017 - 2019 
   99999-8626/131697152.1      

5.   
 
      Performance Goals.    The   PSP   has two performance   goals  :   (a)   average return on invested capital ( ROIC  and   (b)   earnings per share ( EPS )   (t  ogether referred to as    PSP   Goals   )  .    At the beginning of each performance period, the   Board   will  :     (c  ) establish   minimum   threshold, target  ,   and maximum   PSP   Goals  ; (d  )     determine   their respective weighting  ; and (e) correlate performance achievement   levels   to   potential award levels for Participants  . Such decisions will be recorded and   communicated   to Participants in a  n     Award Table  , in the form attached  .       

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for Participants who are  covered employees  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, payment of awards under the Plan is expressly conditioned on achievement by the Company of a specified level of net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Esterline, as reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements,   as determined by the Committee within the first ninety (90) days of the applicable performance period ( Umbrella Goal ), in which case the maximum number of shares of Company Stock available for issuance under a PSP award to each such Participant will be as determined by the Committee.    

6.   
 
 Plan Awards.   The Board, Committee, or CEO will establish a target award for each Participant in the form of Performance Share Units ( Target Award ), the value of which will be based on a percentage of the Participant s base pay at the time of appointment.  The value of Participants  actual awards will vary from their Target Award if the Company performs above or below target PSP Goals.  Participants will receive no award for performance less than established minimum threshold performance as shown on the Award Table.  Actual awards for superior performance are subject to a maximum of 300% of a Participant s Target Award.     

7.   
 
 Calculations.   The Company will use the following formulas to determine Company performance on PSP Goals, and to calculate actual awards:      

Average Return  
 on Invested Capital (ROIC) =  

Net Income (before non-recurring and/or unusual items) + Tax-Adjusted Interest Expense   
 Short-term Debt + Long Term Debt   Cash + Shareholders  Equity 
   
 averaged over the applicable performance period, and expressed as a percentage.  The Company will use a long-term planning  most likely  tax rate of 25% in such ROIC calculations.  

Earnings Per Share (EPS) =  

Fully-diluted earnings per share (net income before non-recurring and/or unusual items, divided by the monthly average of total common shares and share equivalents outstanding) ( EPS ), measured as the EPS achieved in the final fiscal year of the performance period. 

Pro-Rata Awards:  
 
 Pro-rata award calculations will be based on results for the full performance period, pro-rated for the time during which an employee participated in the PSP Plan. Participation will be measured in full-month increments, rounded up for months in which a Participant was actively employed under the Plan for 15 days or more, and rounded down for active employment under the Plan of 14 days or less. The pro-rata factor will be a fraction, the numerator of which will be the number of months of participation, and the denominator of which will be 36.  

8.   
 
   Adjustments.   The Board may exercise its discretion to ensure Participants receive an equitable award, by   adjusting: (a) PSP Goals; (b) Plan calculations to include or exclude non-recurring and/or unusual items, in whole or in part; or (c) the factors used to calculate Plan awards.    Such adjustments may be made if unanticipated events occur, or unusual business conditions develop after the beginning of a performance period that materially alter earnings or returns.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may not adjust the Umbrella Goal in such a manner that would increase the amount of compensation otherwise payable to a  covered employee  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee will seek and consider advice from an independent executive compensation expert and from      

Performance Share Plan 
 Fiscal Years 2017   2019 
 Page 2  

the Company s General Counsel   before deciding whether to reco  mmend an adjustment under this S  ection for Board action.        

9.   
 
 Settlement of Awards.   Each Performance Share Unit earned will be settled in one share of fully-vested Company Stock, except as cash settlements are provided in Sections 11 and 15 below. Subject to other PSP Terms, the Company will settle PSP awards in January of the calendar year immediately following the conclusion of the performance period, if and only if: Company auditors have issued an opinion consistent with the calculations; and the Committee and Board have approved the awards. If these conditions delay settlement of awards beyond January, such awards must be settled on the earlier of (i) the date that is 30 days following the satisfaction of these conditions or (ii) December 31 of the calendar year immediately following the conclusion of the performance period.       

10.   
 
 Continuous Employment.   To be eligible for payment, Participants must be actively employed by the Company through the end of the performance period and through the date on which the Company settles PSP awards, except as might otherwise be provided in PSP Terms.  Subject to other PSP Terms, appointments will end automatically for Participants who do not satisfy these conditions and no PSP awards will be earned or due.  The Company considers approved leaves of absence to be active employment, provided they do not exceed the amount of leave to which a Participant might be entitled under applicable Company policies, and under disability, family and medical leave laws.  For approved leaves that exceed such limits, payment of PSP awards, if any, is subject to Committee discretion.       

11.   
 
 Employment Status Changes.   Except as otherwise determined by the Board, Committee, or CEO (as appropriate), the following provisions will apply to employment status changes:     

a.   
 
 Transfers.  If during a performance period a Participant transfers within the Company to a position that is not eligible for PSP participation, his/her Plan award will be pro-rated for the time in which s/he was a Participant, as provided in Section 7 above.     

b.   
 
 Suspension, Resignation, or Discharge.   A Participant s appointment will automatically end when s/he leaves employment with the Company for any reason, except as otherwise provided in PSP Terms.  All Participant rights under this Plan will be suspended during any period of suspension from employment.  The Board may immediately cancel a Participant s appointment and recover any awards made if it discovers facts that, if known earlier, would have constituted grounds for termination of employment for cause.      

c.   
 
 Retirement, Disability, or Death.   If a Participant leaves employment with the Company due to Retirement, Disability, or death, the Company will settle the Participant s award for the full performance period in the normal course based on actual achievement of PSP Goals, provided the Participant completed at least one year of continuous, active employment during the performance period.  If a Participant does not complete this minimum employment period, his/her appointment will automatically end, and no PSP award will be earned or due.  For purposes of the PSP,  Retirement  means a voluntary termination of employment with the Company when a Participant is either (i) age 65 or older or (ii) age 60 or older plus has provided at least 10 years of service to the Company, in either case, where such termination of employment is a bona fide end to the Participant s career in the industries and markets within which the Company does business.     

d.   
 
 Subsidiary Divestiture.   In the event a Participant is terminated from employment due to a sale, transfer, assignment, or other form of transaction by which Esterline conveys a controlling interest in the shares or in substantially all the assets of a subsidiary that employs the Participant, the Company will settle PSP awards in cash, within 60 days following completion of the transaction, and on a pro rata basis, calculated as follows:     

Cash settlement value = (# of Performance Share Units at Target) (closing price of Company Stock on the day the transaction is complete)(a pro rata factor, as defined in Section 7 above). 

12.   
 
   Employment Terms.   Participants  terms of employment remain unchanged by appointment to this PSP, except as specifically provided in the PSP Terms.  Nothing in the appointment process or in the PSP Terms guarantees continued employment.  Participants remain subject to usual, applicable Company and      

Performance Share Plan 
 Fiscal Years 2017   2019 
 Page 3  

business unit   policies and practices, and to any other employment agreements, service terms, appointments, or mandates to which they are otherwise subject.      

13.   
 
 No Rights as Stockholder.   Participants will not have voting or other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to a PSP award until the award is settled and the Participant receives shares of Company Stock.     

14.   
 
 Plan Administration   Interpretation.   The Committee administers this Plan. As such, it shall consider and decide any issues arising under the Plan, and shall oversee and approve actual award calculations and settlement.  The Committee s decisions concerning PSP administration and interpretation are final and binding, except as they might relate to the CEO and other executive officers, in which case the Board has final decision-making authority. Definitions in the 2013 Plan apply to terms used in this PSP unless otherwise defined here. All references to the  Company  include a  Related Company,  as that term is defined in the 2013 Plan.     

15.   
 
 Plan Modification and Termination.   The Board may modify or terminate this PSP at any time in its sole discretion.     

16.   
 
 Section 409A.   The Company intends that this PSP and the payments provided hereunder comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.  Notwithstanding any provision in this PSP, the 2013 Plan or any other agreement to the contrary: (a) this PSP shall be interpreted, operated, and administered in a manner consistent with such intentions; and (b) in the event that the settlement of any PSP award is subject to acceleration upon a change in control or similar event with respect to the Company or any subsidiary, as the case may be, such acceleration shall only occur to the extent that such change in control or similar event constitutes a change in control event with respect to the Company or such subsidiary within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.     

17.   
 
 Reimbursement.   PSP participation and awards are subject to the Board s Policy on Reimbursement of Incentive Awards, as it might change from time to time.       

Approved by the Committee   Board, and issued on their behalf, 
   
 Curtis C. Reusser 
 Chairman, President   CEO 
   
 [DATE] 

Attachment:  
 
 PSP Appointment 

Performance Share Plan 
 Fiscal Years 2017   2019 
 Page 4   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.9>
 4
 esl-ex109_994.htm
 EX-10.9

esl-ex109_994.htm

Exhibit 10.9 
   
 ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 2002 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 (As Amended and Restated Effective November 22, 2016) 
 SECTION 1. PURPOSE 
 The purposes of the Esterline Technologies Corporation Amended and Restated 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  Plan ) are: (a) to assist employees of Esterline Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and its Designated Companies (as defined in Section 2) in acquiring a stock ownership interest in the Company pursuant to an employee stock purchase plan; (b) to encourage employees to work in the best interests of Company stockholders; (c) to support recruitment and retention of qualified employees; and (d) to provide employees an advantageous means of accumulating long-term investments. 
 The Plan includes two components: a Code Section 423 Component and a Non-423 Component. The Code Section 423 Component is intended to qualify as an  employee stock purchase plan  under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, but the Company makes no representation of such status or undertaking to maintain such status. The Plan shall govern the terms and conditions of grants made under both the Code Section 423 Component and the Non-423 Component. Except as otherwise indicated, the Non-423 Component will operate and be administered in the same manner as the Code Section 423 Component. 
 SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS 
 For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below: 
  Affiliate   has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.  
  Beneficial Owner   has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.  
  Board   means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
  Code   means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.  
   Code Section 423 Component   means the component of the Plan that is intended to meet the requirements set forth in Section 423(b) of the Code, as amended, to qualify as an  employee stock purchase plan  under Section 423 of the Code. The provisions of the Code Section 423 Component shall be construed, administered and enforced in accordance with Section 423(b) of the Code, so as to extend and limit Plan participation in a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis consistent with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. 
  Committee   means the Company s Compensation Committee or any other Board committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan.  
  Common Stock   means the common stock, par value $.20 per share, of the Company.  
  Company   means Esterline Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation.  
  Company Transaction   means consummation of either of the following events:  

(a)  
 
   consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiary Corporation of the Company with or into any other company, other than (i) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Affiliate, at least 70% of the combined voting power of the securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its  
  Affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliates of a business) representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; or   

(b)  
 
 consummation of an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity, at least 70% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale.  

Contributions   means the payroll deductions (to the extent permitted under applicable law) and other additional payments that the Company may allow to be made by a Participant to fund the exercise of Options granted pursuant to the Plan if payroll deductions are not permitted under applicable law.  
  Designated Company   means (a) any domestic Subsidiary Corporation or (b) any non-domestic Subsidiary Corporation, a Parent Corporation or Affiliate designated as such by the Board or the Committee.  
  Eligible Compensation   means, unless the Plan Administrator establishes otherwise for a future Offering, gross earnings, including pay in lieu of vacation and sick leave, but shall not include reimbursements or other expense allowances, cash and non-cash fringe benefits, moving expenses or welfare benefits, whether or not reported as income to the Participant, or severance benefits paid upon termination of employment, whether paid on or after a Participant s date of termination of employment. The Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine the earnings which constitute Eligible Compensation for Eligible Employees outside of the U.S. in consideration of applicable law.  
  Eligible Employee   means any employee of the Company or a Designated Company who is in the employ of the Company or any Designated Company on one or more Offering Dates and who meets the following criteria:  

(a)  
 
 the employee, together with any other person whose stock ownership would be attributable to such employee, does not, immediately after the Option is granted, own stock or hold options to purchase stock possessing 5% or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or of a Parent Corporation or Subsidiary Corporation;  

(b)  
 
 the employee s customary employment is for 20 hours or more per week or any lesser number of hours established by the Plan Administrator for a future Offering or for the purposes of any Offering under the Non-423 Component;  

(c)  
 
 the employee has been employed for a minimum of one year as of an Offering Date or any lesser or greater minimum employment period not to exceed two years that is established by the Plan Administrator for a future Offering; and  

(d)  
 
 if established by the Plan Administrator for a future Offering, the employee customarily works a certain minimum number of months per year, such number of months not to exceed five months per year.  

With respect to the Code Section 423 Component, only employees of the Company, a Parent Corporation or Subsidiary Corporation shall be considered  Eligible Employees.  Further with respect to the Code Section 423 
 Component, if the Company permits any employee of a Designated Company to participate in the Plan, then all employees of that Designated Company who meet the requirements of this paragraph shall also be considered Eligible Employees. 
 With respect to the Non-423 Component or separate Offerings under the Code Section 423 Component, the determination of who is an  Eligible Employee  must comply with the terms set forth under the Plan but do not have to be the same as the ones set forth for other Offerings made under the Code Section 423 Component. In addition, for Offerings under the Non-423 Component of the Plan or separate Offerings under the Code Section 423 Component, the Plan Administrator can limit eligibility further within Designated Companies in the case of a Non-423 Component or limit eligibility further within an Offering in the case of a separate Offering under the Code Section 423 Component so as to only designate some employees of a Designated Company as Eligible Employees. 
  Enrollment Period   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.  
  ESPP Broker   has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.  
  Exchange Act   means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.  
    Fair Market Value   shall be as established in good faith by the Plan Administrator or if the Common Stock is publicly traded, the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Offering Date or the Purchase Date, as   
 2 

applicable, during regular session trading on the New York Stock Exchange, unless the Plan Administrator determines otherwise for a future Offering. If there is no such reported price for the Common Stock for the date in question, then such price on the last preceding date for which such price exists shall be determinative of Fair Market Value.  
  Human Resources Department   means the human resources department or such other department or individual authorized by the Plan Administrator to perform certain ministerial duties under the Plan.  
  Non-423 Component   means a component of the Plan that is not intended to meet the requirements set forth in Section 423(b) of the Code, as amended. Options may be granted under the Non-423 Component pursuant to rules, procedures or sub-plans adopted by the Plan Administrator that are designed to achieve tax, securities laws or other objectives for Eligible Employees and/or the Company.  
  Offering   has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.  
  Offering Date   means the first day of an Offering.  
  Option   means an option granted under the Plan to an Eligible Employee to purchase shares of Common Stock.  
  Parent Corporation   means any corporation, other than the Company, in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if, at the time of the granting of the Option, each of the corporations, other than the Company, owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.  
  Participant   means any Eligible Employee who has elected to participate in an Offering in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 7 and who has not withdrawn from the Plan or whose participation in the Plan is not otherwise terminated.  
  Person   has the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except that such term shall not include (a) the Company, (b) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, (c) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (d) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company.  
  Plan   means the Esterline Technologies Corporation Amended and Restated 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as may be further amended from time to time, which includes a Code Section 423 Component and a Non-423 Component.  
  Plan Administrator  has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1. 
  Purchase Date   means the last day of each Offering or Purchase Period.  
  Purchase Period   has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.  
  Purchase Price   has the meaning set forth in Section 6.  
  Securities Act   means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
  Subscription   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.  
  Subsidiary Corporation   means any corporation, other than the Company, in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if, at the time of the granting of the Option, each of the corporations, other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain, owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.  
  Successor Company   has the meaning set forth in Section 19.3.  
 SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION 

The Plan shall be administered by the Board and/or the Committee or, if and to the extent the Board or the Committee designates one or more executive officers of the Company to administer the Plan, by such executive  
 3 

officer(s) (each, the  Plan Administrator ). Any decisions made by the Plan Administrator with respect to the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan shall be applicable equally to all Eligible Employees participating in the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan.  

3.2  
 
 Administration and Interpretation by the Plan Administrator  

Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Plan Administrator shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, to determine all matters relating to Options granted under the Plan, including all terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations of Options; provided, however, that all Participants granted Options pursuant to the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan shall have the same rights and privileges within the meaning of Code Section 423. The Plan Administrator shall also have exclusive authority to interpret the Plan and may from time to time adopt, and change, rules and regulations of general application for the Plan s administration and determine which Designated Companies shall participate in the Non-423 Component and which shall participate in the Code Section 423 Component. The Plan Administrator s interpretation of the Plan and its rules and regulations, and all actions taken and determinations made by the Plan Administrator pursuant to the Plan, unless reserved to the Board or the Committee, shall be conclusive and binding on all parties involved or affected. The Plan Administrator may delegate ministerial duties to such of the Company s other officers or employees as the Plan Administrator so determines. 
 SECTION 4. STOCK SUBJECT TO PLAN 
 Subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Section 19.1, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that shall be available for issuance under the Plan shall be 1,500,000 shares. Shares issued under the Plan shall be drawn from authorized and unissued shares or from shares subsequently acquired by the Company as treasury shares. Any shares of Common Stock subject to an Option that cease to be subject to the Option (other than by reason of exercise of the Option), including, without limitation, in connection with the cancellation or termination of an Option, shall again be available for issuance in connection with future grants of Options under the Plan. Up to the full maximum number of shares of Common Stock authorized in this Section 4 may be issued under the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan. 
   
 SECTION 5. OFFERING DATES 

(a)  
 
 Except as otherwise set forth below, the Plan shall be implemented by a series of Offerings that each last six months (each, an  Offering ), such Offerings to commence on June 16 and December 16 of each year and to end on the next December 15 and June 15, respectively.  

(b)  
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan Administrator may establish (i) a different term for one or more future Offerings and (ii) different commencing and ending dates for such Offerings; provided, however, that an Offering may not exceed five years; and provided, further, that if the Purchase Price may be less than 85% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Purchase Date, the Offering may not exceed 27 months.  

(c)  
 
 In the event the first or the last day of an Offering is not a regular business day, then the first day of the Offering shall be deemed to be the next regular business day and the last day of the Offering shall be deemed to be the last preceding regular business day.     

(d)  
 
 Unless otherwise specified by the Plan Administrator, each Offering to Eligible Employees of each Designated Company shall be deemed a separate Offering, even if the dates and other terms of the applicable period of each such Offering are identical, and the provisions of the Plan will separately apply to each Offering.  To the extent permitted by the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated under Code Section 423, the terms of each separate Offering need not be identical, provided that the terms of the Plan and an Offering together satisfy the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated under Code Section 423.  

(a)  
 
 Each Offering shall consist of one or more consecutive purchase periods (each, a  Purchase Period ). The last day of each Purchase Period shall be the Purchase Date for such Purchase Period. A Purchase Period shall commence on June 16 and December 16 of each year and shall end on the next December 15 and June 15, respectively.  

4 

(b)  
 
   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan Administrator may establish (i) a different term for one or more  
  future Purchase Periods and (ii) different commencing and ending dates for any such Purchase Period.   

(c)  
 
 In the event the first or last day of a Purchase Period is not a regular business day, then the first day of the Purchase Period shall be deemed to be the next regular business day and the last day of the Purchase Period shall be deemed to be the last preceding regular business day.  

5.3  
 
 Governmental Approval; Stockholder Approval  

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, an Option granted pursuant to the Plan shall be subject to (a) obtaining all necessary governmental approvals and qualifications for the Plan and (b) obtaining stockholder approval of the Plan. 
 SECTION 6. PURCHASE PRICE 
 The purchase price (the  Purchase Price ) at which Common Stock may be acquired in an Offering pursuant to the exercise of all or any portion of an Option shall be 95% of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Purchase Date for that Offering, unless the Plan Administrator establishes a higher percentage for a future Offering. 
 SECTION 7. PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN 

7.1  
 
 Initial Participation  

An Eligible Employee shall become a Participant on the first Offering Date after satisfying the eligibility requirements and delivering to the Human Resources Department (or other entity approved by the Plan Administrator for this purpose) during the enrollment period established by the Plan Administrator (the  Enrollment Period ) a notice of enrollment, in such form, including electronic, as permitted by the Plan Administrator (the  Subscription ): 

(a)  
 
 indicating the Eligible Employee s election to participate in the Plan;  

(b)  
 
 authorizing payroll deductions to the extent permitted under applicable law and/or stating the amount of Contributions to the Plan expressed as a whole percentage of the Participant s Eligible Compensation; and  

(c)  
 
 authorizing the purchase of Common Stock for the Participant in each Purchase Period.  

An Eligible Employee who does not deliver a Subscription as provided above during the Enrollment Period shall not participate in the Plan for that Offering or for any subsequent Offering unless such Eligible Employee subsequently enrolls in the Plan by delivering a Subscription during the Enrollment Period for such subsequent Offering. The Company may, from time to time, change the Enrollment Period for a future Offering as deemed advisable by the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, for the proper administration of the Plan. 
 An employee who becomes eligible to participate in the Plan after an Offering has commenced shall not be eligible to participate in such Offering but may participate in any subsequent Offering, provided that such employee is still an Eligible Employee as of the commencement of any such subsequent Offering. Eligible Employees may not participate in more than one Offering at a time. 

7.2  
 
 Continued Participation  

A Participant who has elected to participate in an Offering shall automatically participate in the next Offering until such time as such Participant withdraws from the Plan pursuant to Section 11.2 or terminates employment as provided in Section 12. 
 SECTION 8. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES 

8.1  
 
 Number of Shares Purchased  

(a)  
 
 No Participant shall be entitled to purchase Common Stock under the Plan (or any other employee stock purchase plan that is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 423 sponsored by the Company, a Parent Corporation or a Subsidiary Corporation) at a rate that exceeds $25,000 in Fair Market Value of the Common Stock, determined as of the Offering Date for each Offering (or such other limit as may be imposed by the Code), for each calendar year in which an Option granted to a Participant is outstanding at any time under the Plan (or any other employee stock purchase plan described in this Section 8.1).  

5 

(b)  
 
 Subject to adjustment from time to time as provided under Section 19.1, no Participant shall be entitled to purchase more than 2,000 shares of Common Stock (or such other number as the Board or the Committee shall specify for a future Offering) under the Plan in any Offering or, if a future Offering has more than one Purchase Period, in any single Purchase Period of that Offering.  

In the event the number of shares of Common Stock that might be purchased by all Participants exceeds the number of shares of Common Stock available in the Plan, the Plan Administrator shall make a pro rata allocation of the remaining shares of Common Stock in as uniform a manner as shall be practicable and as the Plan Administrator shall determine to be equitable. Fractional shares may not be issued under the Plan unless the Plan Administrator determines otherwise for a future Offering. 
 SECTION 9. PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE 

Subject to Section 9.11, Common Stock that is acquired pursuant to the exercise of all or any portion of an Option may be paid for only by means of Contributions expressed as a whole percentage of the Participant s Eligible 
 Compensation, including payroll deductions to the extent permitted under applicable law. Except as set forth in this Section 9, the amount of compensation to be withheld from a Participant s Eligible Compensation during each pay period shall be determined by the Participant s Subscription. Where applicable law prohibits payroll deductions for the purpose of the Plan, the Plan Administrator may permit the Participant to contribute amounts to the Plan through payment by cash, check or other means set forth in the Subscription prior to each Purchase Date of each Offering, provided that payment through means other than payroll deductions shall be permitted only if the Participant has not already had the maximum permitted amount withheld through payroll deductions during the Offering. 

9.2  
 
 Percent Withheld or Otherwise Contributed  

The amount of Contributions, including those through payroll withholding, for each Participant for purchases pursuant to the Plan during any pay period shall be at least 1% but shall not exceed 15% of the Participant s Eligible Compensation for such pay period (or such other percentage as the Plan Administrator may establish from time to time for a future Offering). Amounts shall be withheld or otherwise contributed in whole percentages only. 

Payroll deductions shall commence on the first payday following the Offering Date and shall continue through the last payday of the Offering unless sooner altered or terminated as provided in the Plan. 

9.4  
 
 Memorandum Accounts  

Individual accounts shall be maintained for each Participant for memorandum purposes only. All Contributions shall be credited to such account but shall be deposited with the general funds of the Company except where applicable law requires that all Contributions to the Plan by Participants be segregated from such general funds and/or deposited with an independent third party for Participants in the Non-423 Component of the Plan. All Contributions received or held by the Company may be used by the Company for any corporate purpose to the extent permitted under applicable law. 

No interest shall be paid on payroll deductions received or held by the Company, except as may be required by applicable law, as determined by the Company, for Participants in the Non-423 Component of the Plan. 

9.6  
 
 Acquisition of Common Stock  

On each Purchase Date of an Offering, each Participant shall automatically acquire, pursuant to the exercise of the Participant s Option, the number of whole and/or fractional shares of Common Stock arrived at by dividing the total amount of the Participant s accumulated Contributions for the Offering (or Purchase Period for any future Offerings consisting of more than one Purchase Period) by the Purchase Price, unless the Plan Administrator has determined for a future Offering that fractional shares may not be issued under the Plan, in which case the number of shares of Common Stock purchased by the Participant shall not exceed the number of whole shares of Common  
 6 

Stock so determined  ; provided,   however  , that the number of shares of Common Stock purchased by the Participant shall not exceed the number of shares for which Options have been granted to the Participant pursuant to Section 8.1.  

9.7  
 
 Refund of Excess Amounts  

Any cash balance that is not used to purchase shares of Common Stock due to the limitations in Section 8.1 shall be refunded to the Participant as soon as practical after the Purchase Date without the payment of any interest, except as may be required by applicable law, as determined by the Company, for Participants in the Non-423 Component of the Plan. In the event that the Plan Administrator has determined that fractional shares may not be issued under the Plan, any cash balance remaining in the Participant s account at the termination of a Purchase Period that is not sufficient to purchase a whole share of Common Stock shall be applied to the purchase of Common Stock in the next Purchase Period, provided the Participant participates in the next Purchase Period and the purchase complies with Section 8.1. If the Participant does not participate in the next Purchase Period, such remaining cash balance shall be   refunded to the Participant as soon as practical after the Purchase Date without the payment of any interest, except as may be required by applicable law, as determined by the Company, for Participants in the Non-423 Component of the Plan. 

9.8  
 
 Withholding Obligations  

At the time the Option is exercised, in whole or in part, or at the time some or all the Common Stock is disposed of (or at any other time that a taxable event related to the Plan occurs), a Participant shall make adequate provision for U.S. and non-U.S. local, state and federal withholding obligations, if any, of the Company, or the employing Affiliate, Parent Corporation or Subsidiary Corporation, that arise upon exercise of the Option or upon disposition of the Common Stock (or other taxable event). The Company, or the employing Affiliate, Parent Corporation or Subsidiary Corporation, may withhold from the Participant s compensation or any other amounts due to the Participant the amount necessary to meet such withholding obligations. Further, the Company, or the employing Affiliate, Parent Corporation or Subsidiary Corporation, may satisfy its withholding obligations, if any, through any of the means set forth in the applicable subscription agreement. 

9.9  
 
 Termination of Participation  

No Common Stock shall be purchased on behalf of a Participant on a Purchase Date if his or her participation in a current Offering or the Plan has terminated on or before such Purchase Date or if the Participant has otherwise terminated employment prior to a Purchase Date. 

The Company may, from time to time, establish (a) limitations on the frequency and/or number of any permitted changes in the amount withheld during an Offering, as set forth in Section 11.1, (b) an exchange ratio applicable to amounts withheld in a currency other than U.S. dollars, (c) payroll withholding in excess of the amount designated by a Participant in order to adjust for delays or mistakes in the Company s processing of properly completed withholding elections, and (d) such other limitations or procedures as deemed advisable by the Company in the Company s sole discretion that are consistent with the Plan and for the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan, in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 423. 

During leaves of absence approved by the Human Resources Department and meeting the requirements of the applicable treasury regulations promulgated under the Code, a Participant may elect to continue participation in the Plan for a maximum of three months (or any longer period for which the Participant has reemployment rights with the Designated Company as provided for by either statute or agreement by contract or as otherwise necessary to comply with applicable law with respect to Offerings under the Non-423 Component of the Plan) by continuing to make Contributions, or, if the leave is unpaid, by delivering cash payments to the Company on the Participant s normal paydays equal to the amount of his or her payroll deductions under the Plan had the Participant not taken a leave of absence. 
 7 

SECTION 10. COMMON STOCK PURCHASED UNDER THE PLAN  

If the Plan Administrator designates or approves a stock brokerage or other financial services firm (the  ESPP Broker ) to hold shares purchased under the Plan for the accounts of Participants, the following procedures shall apply. Promptly following each Purchase Date, the number of shares of Common Stock purchased by each Participant shall be deposited into an account established in the Participant s name with the ESPP Broker. Each Participant shall be the beneficial owner of the Common Stock purchased under the Plan and shall have all rights of beneficial ownership in such Common Stock. A Participant shall be free to undertake a disposition of the shares of Common Stock in his or her account at any time, but, in the absence of such a disposition, the shares of Common   Stock purchased under the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan must remain in the Participant s account at the ESPP Broker until the holding period set forth in Code Section 423 has been satisfied. With respect to shares of Common Stock purchased under the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan for which the holding period set forth above has been satisfied, the Participant may move those shares of Common Stock to another brokerage account of the Participant s choosing or request that a stock certificate be issued and delivered to him or her. Dividends paid in the form of shares of Common Stock with respect to Common Stock in a Participant s account shall be credited to such account. A Participant who is not subject to payment of U.S. income taxes may move his or her shares of Common Stock to another brokerage account of his or her choosing or request that a stock certificate be delivered to him or her at any time, without regard to the Code Section 423 holding period. 

By entering the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan, each Participant agrees to promptly give the Company notice of any Common Stock disposed of within the later of one year from the Purchase Date and two years from the Offering Date for such Common Stock, showing the number of such shares disposed of and the Purchase Date and Offering Date for such Common Stock. This notice shall not be required if and so long as the Company has a designated ESPP Broker. 
 SECTION 11. CHANGES IN WITHHOLDING AMOUNTS AND 
 VOLUNTARY WITHDRAWAL 

11.1  
 
 Changes in Withholding Amounts  

(a)  
 
 Unless the Plan Administrator establishes otherwise for a future Offering, during a Purchase Period, a Participant may elect to reduce payroll contributions to 0% by delivering to the Human Resources Department (or other entity approved by the Plan Administrator for this purpose) an amended Subscription authorizing cessation of payroll deductions. The change in rate shall be effective as of the first pay date that falls at least ten business days after the Participant delivers the amended Subscription (the  Change Notice Date ), unless the Plan Administrator determines otherwise for a future Offering. All payroll deductions accrued by a Participant as of a Change Notice Date shall continue to be applied toward the purchase of Common Stock on the Purchase Date, unless a Participant withdraws from the Plan, pursuant to Section 11.2 below. An amended Subscription shall remain in effect until the Participant changes such Subscription in accordance with the terms of the Plan.  

(b)  
 
 Unless the Plan Administrator determines otherwise for a future Offering, a Participant may elect to increase or decrease the amount of Contributions, including the amount to be withheld from his or her compensation for future Purchase Periods by delivering to the Human Resources Department (or other entity approved by the Plan Administrator for this purpose) an amended Subscription; provided, however, that notice of such election must be delivered to the Human Resources Department (or other entity approved by the Plan Administrator for this purpose) prior to or during an open Enrollment Period for the next Purchase Period (or by any other time period established by the Plan Administrator for a future Offering) in such form and in accordance with such terms as the Plan Administrator may establish for an Offering. An amended Subscription shall remain in effect until the Participant changes such Subscription in accordance with the terms of the Plan.  

8 

(c)  
 
   Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 423 and Section 8.1(a), a Participant s payroll deductions shall be decreased to 0% during any Purchase Period if the aggregate of all payroll deductions accumulated for the purchase of shares during such Purchase Period exceeds the limitation set forth in Section 8.1(a). Payroll deductions shall re-commence at the rate provided in the Participant s Subscription at the beginning of the first Purchase Period that is scheduled to end in the following calendar year, unless the Participant terminates participation in the Plan as provided in  
  Section 11.2 or indicates otherwise in an amended Subscription. Also, notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant s payroll deductions shall be decreased to 0% at such time that the aggregate of all payroll deductions accumulated with respect to an Offering exceeds the amount necessary to purchase 2,000 shares   

of Common Stock in such Offering (or such other number as the Board or Committee shall specify for a future Offering). Payroll deductions shall re-commence at the rate provided in such Participant s Subscription at the beginning of the next Purchase Period, provided the Participant continues to participate in the Plan and such participation complies with Section 8.1.  

A Participant may withdraw from the Plan by completing and delivering to the Human Resources Department (or other entity approved by the Plan Administrator for this purpose) a notice of withdrawal in such form as permitted by the Plan Administrator. Such notice must be delivered at least ten business days prior to the end of the Purchase Period for which such withdrawal is to be effective, or by any other date specified by the Plan Administrator for a future Offering. 

11.3  
 
 Notice of Withdrawal; Effect of Withdrawal on Prior Purchase Periods; Re-enrollment in the Plan  

(a)  
 
 The Company may, from time to time, impose a requirement that any notice of withdrawal be on file with the Human Resources Department (or other entity approved by the Plan Administrator for this purpose) for a reasonable period prior to the effectiveness of the Participant s withdrawal.  

(b)  
 
 If a Participant withdraws from the Plan after the Purchase Date for a Purchase Period, the withdrawal shall not affect Common Stock acquired by the Participant in any earlier Purchase Periods.  

(c)  
 
 In the event a Participant voluntarily elects to withdraw from the Plan, the Participant may participate in any subsequent Offering under the Plan by again satisfying the definition of Eligible Employee and re-enrolling in the Plan in accordance with Section 7.  

A Participant who transfers employment from a Designated Company participating in the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan to a Designated Company participating in the Non-423 Component of the Plan shall immediately cease to participate in the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan. However, his or her accumulated Contributions for the Purchase Period in which such transfer occurs shall be transferred to the Non-423 Component of the Plan, and such individual shall immediately join the then current Offering under the Non-423 Component of the Plan upon the same terms and conditions in effect for his or her participation in the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan, except for such modifications as may be required by applicable law. A participating employee who transfers employment from a Designated Company participating in a current Offering under the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan to the Company or any other Designated Company participating in the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan shall remain a participant in the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan until the earlier of (a) the end of the current Offering under the Code Section 423 Component of the Plan or (b) the start date of the first Offering under the Code Section 423 Component of the 423 Plan in which he or she participates following such transfer. 

Upon withdrawal from the Plan pursuant to Section 11.2, the withdrawing Participant s accumulated payroll deductions that have not been applied to the purchase of Common Stock shall be returned as soon as practical after the withdrawal, without the payment of any interest (except as may be required by applicable law, as determined by the Company, for Participants in the Non-423 Component of the Plan), to the Participant and the Participant s interest in the Offering shall terminate. Such accumulated payroll deductions may not be applied to any other Offering under the Plan. 
   
 SECTION 12. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 
   Termination of a Participant s employment with the Company or a Designated Company for any reason, including retirement, death or the failure of a Participant to remain an Eligible Employee, shall immediately terminate the Participant s participation in the Plan. The payroll deductions credited to the Participant s account since the last Purchase Date shall, as soon as practical, be returned to the Participant or, in the case of a Participant s death, to the Participant s legal representative as provided in Section 13.2, and all the Participant s rights under the Plan shall terminate. Interest shall not be paid on sums returned to a Participant pursuant to this Section 12, except  
 9 

as may be required by applicable law, as determined by the Company, for Participants in the Non-423 Component of the Plan.  
 SECTION 13. RESTRICTIONS ON ASSIGNMENT 

An Option granted under the Plan shall not be transferable and such Option shall be exercisable during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant. The Company will not recognize, and shall be under no duty to recognize, any assignment or purported assignment by a Participant of the Participant s interest in the Plan, of his or her Option or of any rights under his or her Option. 

In the event of a Participant s death, any payroll deductions credited to the Participant s account shall be paid to the Participant's legal representative as set forth in Section 12 and any shares held in the Participant's account at the designated ESPP Broker (as set forth in Section 10.1) will be transferred in accordance with the current rules and processes for death claims established by the ESPP Broker, as may be revised from time to time. Unless otherwise determined by the Plan Administrator, no Participant may designate a beneficiary who is to receive any shares and/or cash, if any, from the Participant s account under the Plan in the event of the Participant's death.  
 SECTION 14. NO RIGHTS AS STOCKHOLDER UNTIL SHARES ISSUED 
 With respect to shares of Common Stock subject to an Option, a Participant shall not be deemed to be a stockholder of the Company, and he or she shall not have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder. A Participant shall have the rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company when, but not until, the shares of Common Stock have been issued to the Participant following exercise of the Participant s Option. 
 SECTION 15. LIMITATIONS ON SALE OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASED UNDER THE PLAN 
 The Plan is intended to provide Common Stock for investment and not for resale. The Company does not, however, intend to restrict or influence any Participant in the conduct of his or her own affairs. A Participant, therefore, may sell Common Stock purchased under the Plan at any time he or she chooses subject to compliance with Company policies and any applicable U.S. and non-U.S., local, state and federal securities laws. A Participant assumes the risk of any market fluctuations in the price of the Common Stock. 
 SECTION 16. AMENDMENT, SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF THE PLAN 

(a)  
 
 The Board may amend the Plan in such respects as it shall deem advisable; provided, however, that, to the extent required for compliance with Code Section 423 or any applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rule, stockholder approval will be required for any amendment that will (i) increase the total number of shares as to which Options may be granted under the Plan, (ii) modify the class of employees eligible to receive Options, (iii) change the corporation granting Options under the Plan or change the stock available for purchase under the Plan or (iv) otherwise require stockholder approval under any applicable law or regulation; and provided further, that except as provided in this Section 16, no amendment to the Plan shall make any change in any Option previously granted which adversely affects the rights of any Participant.  

(b)  
 
 The Plan shall continue in effect through June 15, 2020. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may at any time and for any reason suspend or terminate the Plan. During any period of suspension or upon termination of the Plan, no Options shall be granted.  

(c)  
 
 Except as provided in Section 19, no such termination of the Plan may affect Options previously granted, provided that the Plan or an Offering may be terminated by the Board on a Purchase Date or by the Board setting a new Purchase Date with respect to an Offering and a Purchase Period then in progress if the Board determines that termination of the Plan and/or the Offering is in the best interests of the Company and the stockholders or if continuation of the Plan and/or the Offering would cause the Company to incur adverse accounting charges as a result of a change after the effective date of the Plan in the generally accepted accounting rules applicable to the Plan.  

10 

SECTION 17. NO RIGHTS AS AN EMPLOYEE  
 Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to give any person (including any Eligible Employee or Participant) the right to remain in the employ of the Company or a Parent Corporation, Subsidiary Corporation or Affiliate or to affect the right of the Company or a Parent Corporation, Subsidiary Corporation or Affiliate to terminate the employment of any person (including any Eligible Employee or Participant) at any time with or without cause. 
 SECTION 18. EFFECT UPON OTHER PLANS 
 The adoption of the Plan shall not affect any other compensation or incentive plans in effect for the Company or any Parent Corporation, Subsidiary Corporation or Affiliate. Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company or any Parent Corporation, Subsidiary Corporation or Affiliate to (a) establish any other forms of incentives or compensation for employees of the Company, a Parent Corporation, Subsidiary Corporation or Affiliate or (b) grant or assume options otherwise than under the Plan in connection with any proper corporate purpose, including, but not by way of limitation, the grant or assumption of options in connection with the acquisition, by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of the business, stock or assets of any corporation, firm or association. 
 SECTION 19. ADJUSTMENTS 

In the event that, at any time or from time to time, a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, split-off, combination or exchange of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, distribution to stockholders other than a normal cash dividend, or other change in the Company s corporate or capital structure results in (a) the outstanding shares, or any securities exchanged therefore or received in their place, being exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company or of any other corporation or (b) new, different or additional securities of the Company or of any other corporation being received by the holders of shares of Common Stock, then (subject to any required action by the Company s stockholders), the Board or the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall make such equitable adjustments as it shall deem appropriate in the circumstances in (i) the maximum number and kind of shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan as set forth in Section 4, (ii) the number and kind of securities that are subject to any outstanding Option and the per share price of such securities and (iii) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by a Participant in a Purchase Period, or by all Participants in a single Purchase Period. The determination by the Board or the Committee as to the terms of any of the foregoing adjustments shall be conclusive and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a merger, asset sale, dissolution or liquidation of the Company shall not be governed by this Section 19.1 but shall be governed by Sections 19.2 and 19.3. 

19.2  
 
 Dissolution or Liquidation of the Company  

In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Offering then in progress shall be shortened by setting a new Purchase Date and shall terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed dissolution or liquidation, unless provided otherwise by the Board. The new Purchase Date shall be a specified date before the date of the Company s proposed dissolution or liquidation. The Board shall notify each Participant in writing prior to the new Purchase Date that the Purchase Date for the Participant s Option has been changed to the new Purchase Date and that the Participant s Option shall be exercised automatically on the new Purchase Date, unless prior to such date the Participant has withdrawn from the Plan as provided in Section 11. 

In the event of a Company Transaction, each outstanding Option shall be assumed or an equivalent option substituted by the successor company or parent thereof (the  Successor Company ). In the event that the Successor Company refuses to assume or substitute for the Option, any Offering then in progress shall be shortened by setting a new Purchase Date. The new Purchase Date shall be a specified date before the date of the Company Transaction. The Board shall notify each Participant in writing, prior to the new Purchase Date, that the Purchase Date for the Participant s Option has been changed to the new Purchase Date and that the Participant s Option shall be exercised automatically on the new Purchase Date, unless prior to such date the Participant has withdrawn from the Plan as provided in Section 11. 

11 

The grant of Options shall in no way affect the Company s right to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 SECTION 20. REGISTRATION; CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Company shall have no obligation to issue or deliver any shares of Common Stock under the Plan or make any other distribution of benefits under the Plan unless such issuance, delivery or distribution would comply with all applicable laws (including, without limitation, the requirements of the Securities Act), and the applicable requirements of any securities exchange or similar entity. 
 The Company shall be under no obligation to any Participant to register for offering or resale or to qualify for exemption under the Securities Act, or to register or qualify under U.S. state and non-U.S. securities laws, any shares of Common Stock, security or interest in a security paid or issued under, or created by, the Plan, or to continue in effect any such registrations or qualifications if made. The Company may issue certificates for shares with such legends and subject to such restrictions on transfer and stop-transfer instructions as counsel for the Company deems necessary or desirable for compliance by the Company with U.S. and non-U.S. local, state and federal securities laws. 
 To the extent that the Plan or any instrument evidencing shares of Common Stock provides for issuance of stock certificates to reflect the issuance of such shares, the issuance may be affected on a noncertificated basis, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange. 
 SECTION 21. NOTICES; ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 
 All notices or other communications by a Participant to the Company under or in connection with the Plan shall be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the receipt thereof. 
 Any reference in the Plan to the Subscription, enrollment forms, authorizations, or any other document in writing shall include any agreement or document delivered electronically, including through the Company s intranet. The Company may also request any consents or signatures from a Participant related to his or her participation in the Plan by electronic means to the extent permitted under applicable law. 
   
 SECTION 22. ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES IN OTHER COUNTRIES 
 Without amending the Plan, the Plan Administrator may grant Options or establish other procedures to provide benefits to Eligible Employees of non-U.S. Designated Companies. The Plan Administrator may make such procedures and grants on terms and conditions different from those specified in this Plan, as may, in the judgment of the Plan Administrator, be necessary or desirable to foster and promote achievement of the purposes of the Plan. The Plan Administrator shall have authority to adopt such modifications, procedures, subplans and the like as may be necessary or desirable: (a) to comply with provisions of applicable law, regulation or similar requirements to operate the Plan in an advantageous manner in countries or jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which the Company or any Designated Company may operate or have employees; (b) to ensure the viability of Plan benefits for Eligible Employees employed in such countries or jurisdictions; and (c) to meet the objectives of the Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any such actions taken by the Plan Administrator with respect to Eligible Employees of any non-U.S. Designated Companies may be treated as a subplan outside of an  employee stock purchase plan  as defined under Code Section 423, including the Non-423 Component of the Plan. Such subplans are not subject to the requirements of Code Section 423, nor to Plan provisions that incorporate or otherwise reflect such requirements. Nothing in this Section authorizes the Plan Administrator to increase the total number of shares authorized by the stockholders, to expand the class of eligible participants, or to alter the type of award available under this Plan. 
 SECTION 23. GOVERNING LAW 
 The Plan, all Options granted thereunder and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto, to the extent not otherwise governed by the laws of the United States, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. 
 12 

SECTION 24. EFFECTIVE DATE  
 The Plan shall become effective on the date it is approved by the Company s stockholders, so long as such approval is obtained within 12 months of the date on which the Plan was adopted by the Board. 
   
 13  

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.14>
 5
 esl-ex1014_995.htm
 EX-10.14

esl-ex1014_995.htm

Exhibit 10.14 

Esterline Technologies Corporation  
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 
   
 STOCK OPTION AWARD  
 Esterline Technologies Corporation (the  Company ) has granted Participant an Option to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, subject to all terms and conditions set forth in this Award, in the Global Stock Option Agreement, including the Appendix which includes any applicable country-specific provisions (together, the  Agreement ), and in the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the  Plan ). 

Participant :   

Grant Date:  

Vesting Commencement Date:  

Number of Shares Subject to Option :   

Exercise Price (per share):    
 
 $  

Option Expiration Date (maximum):    
 
 The tenth anniversary of the grant date  

Type of Option:    
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option  

Vesting and Exercise Schedule:    
 
 One fourth of the shares will vest annually on each anniversary of the grant date and becomes eligible for exercise  

Award Terms   Agreement.   Participant acknowledges receipt of this Award, the Agreement and the Plan which, together, constitute the  Award Terms and Conditions.   Participant has carefully read those documents and understands them.  Participant accepts the Award Terms and Conditions as the entire understanding between himself/herself and the Company regarding this Option. Participant has not relied on any statement or promise other than the Award Terms and Conditions.  Participant agrees the Award Terms and Conditions supersede all prior oral and written agreements regarding this Option.  

Esterline Technologies Corporation  :   
 
 Participant:    

By:  Curtis C. Reusser  

Signature  

Its:  President   CEO  

Printed Name  

Date:    

Date  

Esterline Technologies Corporation   
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 
 GLOBAL STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   Esterline Executive and Corporate Officers Only 
 Pursuant to your Stock Option Award (the  Award ) and this Global Stock Option Agreement, including the Appendix which includes any applicable country-specific provisions (together the  Agreement ), Esterline Technologies Corporation (the  Company ) has granted you an Option under its 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time) (the  Plan ) to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock stated in the Award at the exercise price stated in the Award.  Some other details of the Option are as follows: 
 1.  Vesting and Exercise.   The Option will vest annually over four years, as outlined in the Award and subject to limitations stated below and in the Plan.  Only the vested portion of the Option is eligible for exercise.  Upon your Termination of Service, vesting will cease and the unvested portion of the Option will automatically terminate, except as provided in section 5 below.  
 2.  Method of Exercise.   To exercise the Option, you must give written notice to the Company stating your decision to exercise the Option and the number of shares you want to purchase.  With the notice you must send full payment of the exercise price.  You may make this payment by:   
 (a)  cash; 
 (b)  check acceptable to the Company;  
 (c)  broker-assisted cashless exercise according to procedures approved by the Committee; or  
 (d)  by any other method the Committee permits.  
 3.  Taxes and Other Deductions.   Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the  Employer ) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer.  You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends; and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if you have become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the grant date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.  
   Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items.  In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (i) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the Employer; or (ii) withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired  
   
 Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 2 of 13 

at exercise of the Option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by   the Company   (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization); or (iii) withholding in shares of Common Stock to be issued at exercise of the Option.      
 To avoid any negative accounting treatment, the Company and/or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the exercised Options, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. 
 Finally, you shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock, if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 4.  Legal Compliance.   The Option exercise must comply with the Securities Act and with all other applicable laws and regulations.  You may not exercise the Option if the Company determines the exercise would not comply.   .  Further, you agree that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and the Agreement without your consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws or regulations applicable to issuance of shares.  
 5.  Option Expiration Date.   Upon your Termination of Service, the Option might expire earlier than the Option Expiration Date established in your Award, as follows:    

(a)   
 
  General Rule .  Any unvested portion of the Option will expire automatically and without further notice upon your Termination of Service, as further described in Section 12(n) below. You must exercise the vested portion of the Option on or before the earlier of: (i) three months after your Termination, as further described in Section 12(n) below; or (ii) the Option Expiration Date.    

(b)   
 
  Disability or Death .  If your Termination of Service is due to Disability or death, any unvested portion of the Option will automatically become fully vested and exercisable upon your Termination of Service.  You must exercise the vested portion of the Option on or before the earlier of: (i) three years after your Termination of Service; or (ii) the Option Expiration Date.         

(c)   
 
  Full Retirement.   If your Termination of Service is due to Full Retirement, any unvested portion of the Option will continue to vest in accordance with the normal vesting schedule unaffected by your Full Retirement.   The exercise period for the portion of the Option that is vested and exercisable on the date of your Full Retirement, and the portion that becomes vested and exercisable subsequent to that date, will expire on the earlier of: (i) the fifth anniversary of your Full Retirement; or (ii) the Option Expiration Date.  For purposes of the Option,  Full Retirement  is defined as a voluntary Termination of Service when a Participant is either (i) age 65 or older or (ii) age 60 or older plus has provided at least 10 years of service to the Company, in either case, where such Termination of Service is a bona fide end to the Participant s career in the industries and markets within which the Company does business.      

(d  )   
 
    Cause .  The entire Option will automatically expire, whether vested or unvested, when you first receive notice from the Company or a Related Company of your Termination of     

Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 3 of 13 

Service   for Cause  .    If your employment   or   other   service relationship     is suspend  ed     pending investigation  ,   all your rights under the Option   also   will be suspended during the period of investigation.    Further, the Committee may immediately terminate any Option if it discovers   facts   after your Termination     of Service   that   if known earlier would   have   constitute  d     grounds for T  ermination     of Service   for Cause  .      

(e  )   
 
 Notwithstanding the provisions in this Section 5, if the Company develops a good faith belief that any provision in this Section 5 may be found to be unlawful, discriminatory or against public policy in any relevant jurisdiction, then the Company in its sole discretion may choose not to apply such provision.    

 If you die after Termination of Service but while the Option is otherwise eligible for exercise, it may be exercised until the later of:  (i) one year following your death; or (ii) the original post-termination exercise period applicable to the Option (three months, three years, or five years, as applicable, under section 5(a) through (c) above);  provided, however, that in no event may the Option be exercised following the Option Expiration Date.   
  It is your responsibility to be aware of the date the Option expires.    
 6. Limited Transfer  .  During your lifetime only you can exercise the Option.  You cannot transfer the Option except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution.  The Plan provides for Option exercise by a beneficiary you designate on a Company-approved form, or by the personal representative of your estate.  Nevertheless, the Committee has discretion to permit you to assign or transfer the Option as an exception to these rules, subject to such terms and conditions as they might specify.   
 7.  No Effect on Terms of Employment or Service Relationship.    Nothing in these Award Terms and Conditions has any effect on the terms of your employment or other service relationship with the Company or any Related Company.  The terms of your employment or service relationship are determined by Company policy, and by the terms of any contract to which you might be party.  These Award Terms and Conditions create no rights to continued employment, or any other service relationship, nor do they limit the discretion the Company or any Related Company would otherwise have to terminate your employment or other service relationship, with or without Cause.    
 8.  No Right to Damages.   Nothing in these Award Terms and Conditions gives you a right to receive damages for any portion of the Option that you might lose due to Company, Related Company or Committee decisions.  The loss of potential profit from the Option will not constitute an element of damages in the event of your Termination of Service for any reason, even if such Termination of Service violates an obligation of the Company or a Related Company.  
 9.  Definitions.   Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement or the Award but defined in the Plan have the same definitions as in the Plan.  On any issues of interpretation arising from these Award Terms and Conditions and/or Plan definitions, the Committee s decisions will be final and binding.    
 10.  Binding Effect .  The Award Terms and Conditions will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and be binding on you and your heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns.  
 11.  Section 409A Compliance .  Notwithstanding any provision in the Award to the contrary, the Committee may, at any time and without your consent, modify the terms of the Option as it determines appropriate to avoid the imposition of interest or penalties under Section 409A; provided, however, that the Committee makes no representations that the Option shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Option.  
   
 Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 4 of 13 

12.    Nature of Grant.    In accepting the Option, you acknowledge, understand and agree that:  

(a)   
 
 the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted in the Plan;    

(b)   
 
 the grant of the Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted repeatedly in the past;     

(c)   
 
 all decisions with respect to future option grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;     

(d)   
 
 your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with the Employer and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any) at any time;     

(e)   
 
 you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;     

(f)   
 
 the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan are extraordinary items that do not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or the Employer, and which are  outside the scope of your employment or service contract, if any;    

(g)   
 
 the Option grant and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment or service contract or relationship with the Company or any Related Company;    

(h)   
 
 the future value of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Option is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty;     

(i)   
 
 if the underlying shares of Common Stock do not increase in value, the Option will have no value;     

(j)   
 
 if you exercise the Option and acquire shares of Common Stock, the value of such shares of Common Stock may increase or decrease in value, even below the exercise price;     

(k)   
 
 the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;    

(l)   
 
 the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan (including the value and income of same) are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary, including, but not limited to, for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments;    

(m)   
 
   no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from your Termination of Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) and in consideration of the grant of the Option to which you are otherwise not entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company or any Related     

Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 5 of 13 

Company  , waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and   any Related Company   from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of suc  h claims;     

(n)   
 
 in the event of your Termination of Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), your right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would not include a period of  garden leave  or similar period pursuant to local law); furthermore, in the event of your Termination of Service (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), your right to exercise the Option after Termination of Service, if any, will be measured by the date of termination of your active employment and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law; the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively employed for purposes of your Option grant (including when you are no longer considered as providing active service while on a leave of absence; and    

(o)   
 
 if you reside outside the United States, neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Related Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement.    

 13. No Advice Regarding Grant.    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Common Stock.  You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.  
 14.   Data Privacy.  If you reside outside the United States, then you hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in the Award and this Agreement and any other Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Related Companies for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.    
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Options or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor ( Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
   You understand that Data will be transferred to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan.  You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have  
   
 Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 6 of 13 

different data privacy laws and protections than your country.    You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative.  You authorize the Company, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.  You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan.  You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative.  Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.      If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative.  
 15. Electronic Delivery.    The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means.  You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.  
 16. Language.    If you have received this Agreement, or any other document related to the Option and/or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.  
 17. Severability.    The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.  
 18. A ppendix.   Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Option grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country.  Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan.  The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.  
 19. Imposition of Other Requirements.    The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of the Option, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  
  20.  Reimbursement.   Plan participation and awards are subject to the Board s Policy on Reimbursement of Incentive Awards, as it might change from time to time.    
   
 Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 7 of 13 

21.    Assignment  .  The Company may assign its rights under this Agreement at any time, whether or not such rights are then exercisable, to any person or entity selected by the Company     s Board of Directors.  
 22.  No Waiver .  No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless in writing and signed by the person against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced, nor will failure to enforce any right hereunder constitute a continuing waiver of the same or a waiver of any other right hereunder.  
 23.  Agreement Is Entire Contract .  This Agreement, the Award and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement is made pursuant to the provisions of the Plan and will in all respects be construed in conformity with the express terms and provisions of the Plan.  
 24.  Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but which, upon execution, will constitute one and the same instrument.  
 25.  Governing Law and Venue .  This Agreement will be construed and administered in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Washington without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.  
 For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or the Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdictions of the State of Washington, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of King County, Washington, or the federal courts for the United States for the Western District of Washington, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 
 26. No Rights as Stockholder .   You shall not have voting or other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Option.  
 27. Book Entry Registration of the shares of Common Stock .   The Company will issue the shares of Common Stock by registering the shares of Common Stock in book entry form with the Company s transfer agent in your name and applicable securities law or trading restrictions, if any, with respect to the shares of Common Stock will be noted in the records of the Company s transfer agent and in the book entry system.  
 28.  Insider Trading.   By participating in the Plan, you agree to comply with the Company's policy on insider trading (to the extent it applies to you).  Further, you acknowledge that your country of residence may also have laws or regulations governing insider trading and such laws or regulations may impose additional restrictions on your ability to participate in the Plan (  e.g.,   acquiring or selling shares of Common Stock) and you are solely responsible for complying with such laws or regulations.     

Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 8 of 13 

APPENDIX  
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS TO THE 
 ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
 GLOBAL STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
   
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to you under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) if you reside or work in one of the countries listed below.  Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Global Stock Option Agreement (the  Agreement ). 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan.  The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect as of December 2015.  Such laws are often complex and change frequently.  As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that you exercise the Option or sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result.  Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation.   
 Finally, you understand that if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transfer employment after the grant date, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not apply to you, and the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply. 
  
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions 
  Method of Exercise  .   The following provision supplements Section 2 the Agreement: 
 Notwithstanding anything in the Plan, you agree to pay the exercise price and any Tax-Related Items solely by means of (i) cash, which may be paid by check, or other instrument acceptable to the Company or (ii) a broker-assisted cashless exercise, whereby the broker sells some or all of the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise to pay the exercise price, brokerage fees and any applicable Tax-Related Items. To the extent that tax regulatory requirements change, the Company reserves the right to permit you to exercise the Option and pay the exercise price and any applicable Tax-Related Items in shares of Common Stock to the extent permitted by the Plan. 
  Option Expiration Date .  This provision replaces Section 12 (o) of the Agreement. 
   In the event of your Termination of Service (whether or not in breach of local labor laws and whether or not later found to be invalid), your right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date that is the earlier of: (1) the date that you are no longer actively employed by the Company or any Related Company, or at the discretion of the Committee, (2) the date the you receive  
   
 Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised [November 2016] 
 Page 9 of 12 

notice of T  ermination   of Service   from the Employer, if earlier than (1), regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under local law (including, but not limited to statutory law, regulatory law and/or common law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when   you are   no longer   employed for purposes of the Option   grant (including when you are no longer considered as providing active service while on a leave of absence)  .  
 The following provisions will apply if you are a resident of Quebec: 
  French Language Provision  .    
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig  la   r daction en anglais de la convention,   ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et procedures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement   la pr sente convention. 
  Data Privacy  .   This provision supplements Section 14 of the Agreement: 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan.  You further authorize the Company and any Related Company and the Committee to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors.  You further authorize the Employer to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 Notifications 
      Securities Law Notice  .      You are permitted to sell shares of Common Stock acquired through the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided the resale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are listed.  The Company s shares of Common Stock are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange.  
  Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information  .      Foreign property, including the shares of Common Stock, Options and other rights to receive shares of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident employee generally must be reported annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of your foreign assets exceeds C$100,000 at any time during the year.    You are advised to consult with a personal advisor to ensure that you comply with the applicable requirements.  
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
  Consent to Receive Information in English  .   By accepting the Option, you confirm having read and understood the Plan and this Agreement, including all terms and conditions included therein, which were provided in the English language.  You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 En acceptant cette Option, vous confirmez avoir lu et compris le Plan et cette convention, incluant tous leurs termes et conditions, qui ont  t  transmis en langue anglaise.  Vous acceptez les dispositions de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 
 Notifications 
       Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information  .    French residents and non-residents must declare to the Customs Authorities the cash and securities they import or export without the use of a financial institution   
   
 Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 10 of 13 

when the value of such cash or securities exceeds  10,000. French residents with foreign account balances exceeding  1,000,000 must report any transactions carried out on those accounts to the Bank of France on a monthly basis.  French residents must also report all foreign bank and brokerage accounts on an annual basis (included accounts opened or closed during the tax year) on a specific form together with the income tax return.  Failure to comply could trigger significant penalties.     
 GERMANY 
 Notifications 
  Exchange Control Notification .  Cross-border payments in excess of  12,500 must be reported monthly to the  German Federal Bank.  If you make or receive a payment in excess of this amount, you  must report the payment to the German Federal Bank electronically using the  General Statistics Reporting Portal  (  Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik  ) available via the German Federal Bank s website ( www.bundesbank.de ).   
 HONG KONG 
 Notifications 
 Securities Warning: The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.  You should exercise caution in relation to the offer.  If you are in doubt about any of the contents of the Agreement, including this Appendix or the Plan, you should obtain independent professional advice.    The Option and shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Option do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company.  The Agreement, including this Appendix, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a  prospectus  for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong, nor have the documents been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.  The Option is intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Company and may not be distributed to any other person.   
  Sale of Shares .  Shares of Common Stock received at exercise are accepted as a personal investment.  In the event that the shares of Common Stock are issued in respect of the Options within six (6) months of the grant date, you agree that you will not offer to the public or otherwise dispose of the shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option prior to the six-month anniversary of the grant date. 
  Nature of Scheme .  The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance ( ORSO ).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Plan is deemed to constitute an occupational retirement scheme for the purposes of ORSO, then your grant shall be void.  
 INDIA    
 Terms and Conditions    
  Method of Exercise  .   The following provision supplements Section 2 the Agreement: 
 Due to regulatory requirements in India, the aggregate exercise price of the Option may not be paid by means of a cashless-sell-to-cover method whereby a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock are immediately sold to cover the aggregate exercise price, any Tax-Related Items and broker s fees or commissions, if any, and then the remaining Shares are delivered to the Participant.  The Committee reserves the right to permit the Participant to use this exercise method in the future, depending on developments in applicable local law. 
   
 Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 11 of 13 

Notifications  
  Exchange Control Notification . If you remit funds out of India to purchase shares of Common Stock at exercise of the Option granted hereunder, you are responsible for complying with applicable exchange control regulations.  In particular, it will be your obligation to determine whether approval from the Reserve Bank of India is required prior to exercise or whether you have exhausted the investment limit of US$250,000 for the relevant fiscal year. 
 You understand that you are required to repatriate any cash dividends received in connection with the shares of Common Stock to India within one hundred eighty (180) days of receipt and any proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan within ninety (90) days of receipt.  It is your responsibility to obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate ( FIRC ) from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency and maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation.   
 It is your responsibility to comply with all applicable exchange control laws in connection with the Option, and neither the Company nor the Employer will be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from your failure to comply with any applicable laws. 
  Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Notification .   You are required to declare any foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including shares of Common Stock held outside India) in your annual tax return.  You are responsible for complying with this reporting obligation and are advised to confer with your personal tax advisor in this regard.  
 SINGAPORE    
 Notifications    
  Securities Law Information  .   The grant of the Option is being made pursuant to the  Qualifying Person  exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) ( SFA ) and is not made with a view to the Option being subsequently offered for sale to any other party.  The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.  You should note that the Option is subject to section 257 of the SFA and you should not make any subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock in Singapore or any offer of such subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock subject to the Option in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made (i) after six (6) months from the date of grant or (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
  Chief Executive Officer and Director Notification Requirements  .   The Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and the directors, associate directors and shadow directors of a Singapore subsidiary are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act.  The CEO, directors, associate directors and shadow directors must notify the Singapore subsidiary in writing of an interest ( e.g.,  Options, shares of Common Stock, etc.) in the Company or any related company within two (2) business days of (i) its acquisition or disposal, (ii) any change in a previously disclosed interest ( e.g.,  when shares of Common Stock are sold), or (iii) becoming the CEO or a director, associate director or shadow director.  
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
  Taxes and Other Deductions  .   The following supplements Section 3 of the Agreement: 
   If payment or withholding of the income tax due is not made within ninety (90) days of the end of the tax year in which the event giving rise to the liability occurred or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the  Due Date ), the amount of any uncollected tax liability shall constitute a loan owed by you to the Employer, effective as of the Due Date.   
   
 Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 12 of 13 

You agree that the loan will bear interest at the then-current official rate of Her Majesty     s Revenue   Customs (     HMRC     ), it will be immediately due and repayable, and the Company or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section   3     of the Agreement.    
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), you shall not be eligible for a loan as described above.  In the event that you are a director or executive officer and the amount of any income tax is not collected from or paid by you by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected tax liability may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and National Insurance contributions ( NICs )  may be payable.  You understand that you will be responsible for reporting any income tax and NICs due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or the Employer, as applicable, for the value of any NICs due on this additional benefit. 
   
 Officers Stock Option Award   Agreement 
 Revised November 2016 
 Page 13 of 13  

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 6
 esl-ex1015_996.htm
 EX-10.15

esl-ex1015_996.htm

Exhibit 10.15 
   
 ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD NOTICE (Esterline Executive and Corporate Officers Only) 
 Esterline Technologies Corporation (the  Company ) hereby grants to Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the  Award ).  The Award is subject to all the terms and conditions set forth in this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice (the  Award Notice ), in the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any applicable country-specific provisions in the Appendix thereto (together, the  Agreement ), and in the Esterline Technologies Corporation 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time) (the  Plan ), which are incorporated into this Award Notice in their entirety.  

Participant :   

Grant Date :   

Number of Restricted Stock Units Subject to the Award (the  Units ) :   

Vesting and Settlement Schedule :   
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, 100% of the Units will vest and settle on ___________ (the  Settlement Date )   

Award Terms, Acknowledgement,   Agreement :  Participant acknowledges that he or she has received this Award Notice, the Agreement, the Plan Summary, and the Plan, which together constitute the  Award Terms and Conditions.   Participant has carefully read those documents and understands them.  Participant accepts the Award Terms and Conditions as the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the Award, and further agrees that these Award Terms and Conditions supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the subject.  

ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
  By:   Curtis C. Reusser _________________ Its:  Chairman, President   CEO      
 
 PARTICIPANT   
  [Name] 
  Taxpayer ID:   

Address: 

Attachments : 1.  Agreement  
 2.  Plan Summary  

Revised November 2016 

ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION    2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN  
 GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (For Esterline Executive   Corporate Officers Only) 
 Pursuant to your Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice (the  Award Notice ) and this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any applicable country-specific provisions in the Appendix hereto (together, this  Agreement ), Esterline Technologies Corporation (the  Company ) has granted you a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the  Award ) under its 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time) (the  Plan ), for the number of Restricted Stock Units indicated in your Award Notice. 
 The details of the Award are as follows: 
 1.  Definitions 
 1.1    Covered Employee    A  covered employee  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.  
 1.2    RSUs    Restricted Stock Units, which are rights awarded by the Company  
 to Participants to receive shares of Company stock, subject to the Award Terms and Conditions.  One share of Common Stock will be issuable for each RSU that vests. 
 1.3    Unvested Units    RSUs that have not vested and remain subject to forfeiture.  
 1.4    Vested Units    RSUs that have vested and are no longer subject to forfeiture.  
 1.5    Units    Unvested and Vested RSUs, collectively.  
 1.6    Vesting and Settlement Schedule    The vesting and settlement schedule set forth in the Award Notice.  
 1.7    Full Retirement    A voluntary Termination of Service when you are either (a) age 65 or older or (b) age sixty (60) or older and you have provided at least ten (10) years of service to the Company, in either case, where such Termination of Service is a bona fide end to your career in the industries and markets within which the Company does business.  
 1.8  Minimum Service Period    the period beginning on the first day of the fiscal year in which the Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award were granted and ending on the last day of such fiscal year.  
  1.9    Performance Period    Fiscal years 2017 and 2018. 
  1.10    Umbrella Goal    A specified level of net earnings from continuing operations attributable to the Company, as reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the Performance Period, as determined by the Committee within the first ninety (90) days of the Performance Period.  The Umbrella Goal may not be adjusted in such a manner that would increase the amount of compensation otherwise payable to a Covered Employee.  In the event of a Change in Control during the Performance Period, the Umbrella Goal will be deemed to have been achieved by the Company.  
 - 2-    Revised November 2016  

Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement or the Award Notice but defined in the Plan have the same definitions as in the Plan. On any issues of interpretation arising from these Award Terms and Conditions and/or Plan definitions, the Committee s decisions will be final and binding.  
 2.   Vesting and Settlement  
 The Award will vest according to the Vesting and Settlement Schedule; provided, however, that the Award will terminate and the Unvested Units will be forfeited (a) upon your Termination of Service as set forth in Section 3 or (b) if you are a Covered Employee and the Company does not satisfy the Umbrella Goal, except as set forth in Section 3.  As soon as practicable, but in any event within sixty (60) days, after the Settlement Date, the Company will settle Vested Units by issuing to you one share of Common Stock for each Vested Unit.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement governing the Award, settlement timing for Vested Units will not be accelerated, including in the event of a Change in Control or similar event, except as provided in this Section 2.  To the extent the Units become Vested Units pursuant to the terms of any agreement governing the Award in connection with your  separation from service  within two years following a  change in control event,  as such terms are defined under Section 409A, the Award shall be settled within sixty (60) days following the date the Units become Vested Units, provided that, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, settlement of the Award shall not be made prior to the date that is six months following the date of such separation from service.  
 3.  Termination of Service 
 Upon your Termination of Service for any reason other than (a) Disability, (b) death or (c) Full Retirement after the Minimum Service Period, the Award will immediately terminate and all Unvested Units shall immediately be forfeited without payment of any further consideration to you. Upon your Termination of Service due to Disability or death, all Unvested Units shall become Vested Units, without regard to achievement by the Company of the Umbrella Goal even if you are a Covered Employee.    Upon your Termination of Service due to Full Retirement after the Minimum Service Period, all Unvested Units shall become Vested Units, subject to achievement by the Company of the Umbrella Goal if you are a Covered Employee. 
 Notwithstanding the provisions in this Section 3, if the Company or the Employer develops a good faith belief that any provision in this Section 3 may be found to be unlawful, discriminatory or against public policy in any relevant jurisdiction, then the Company in its sole discretion may choose not to apply such provision. 
 - 3-    Revised November 2016  

4.    Securities Law Compliance  
 The Company intends to maintain registration of the shares of Common Stock that you receive pursuant to settlement of this Award (the  Shares ) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities act (the  Acts ) in order to facilitate your ability to resell the Shares. However, circumstances may arise that result in the loss of registration of the Shares, which means that your ability to resell the Shares would be more limited. You understand that the Company has no obligation to you to maintain any registration of the Shares with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and has not represented to you that it will so maintain registration of the Shares. In addition, to help ensure compliance with the Acts: 
 4.1   You represent and warrant that you: (a) have been furnished with a copy of  
 the Plan Summary and all information that you deem necessary to evaluate the merits and risks of receipt of the Award; (b) have had the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the information received about the Award and the Company; and (c) have been given the opportunity to obtain any additional information you deem necessary to verify the accuracy and meaning of any information obtained concerning the Award and the Company. 
 4.2   You hereby agree that in no event will you sell or distribute all or any part of  
 the Shares, unless: (a) there is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and any applicable local, state or foreign securities laws covering any such transaction involving the Shares; or (b) the Company receives an opinion of your legal counsel (concurred in by legal counsel for the Company) stating that such transaction is exempt from registration or the Company otherwise satisfies itself that such transaction is exempt from registration. 
 4.3   You confirm that you have been advised, prior to your receipt of the Shares,  
 that neither the offering of the Shares nor any offering materials have been reviewed by any administrator under the Acts. 
 4.4   You hereby agree to indemnify the Company and hold it harmless from and  
 against any loss, claim or liability, including attorneys  fees or legal expenses, incurred by the Company as a result of any breach by you of, or any inaccuracy in, any representation, warranty or statement made by you in this Agreement or the breach by you of any terms or conditions of this Agreement. 
 5.  Transfer Restrictions 
 Units shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, encumbered, pledged or otherwise disposed of, whether voluntarily or by operation of law. 
 6.  No Rights as Stockholder 
 You shall not have voting or other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Units. 
 7.  Independent Tax Advice 
   The Company hereby advises you that determining the actual tax consequences to you of receiving or disposing of the Units and Shares may be complicated. These tax consequences will depend, in part, on your specific situation and may also depend on the resolution of currently uncertain tax law and other variables not within the control of the  
 - 4-    Revised November 2016  

Company. The Company strongly recommends that you consult with a competent tax advisor independent of the Company prior to signing the Award Notice. By signing the Award Notice, you acknowledge receipt of this advice and agree that you have had the opportunity to consult with such a tax advisor.  
 8.  Book Entry Registration of the Shares 
 The Company will issue the Shares by registering the Shares in book entry form with the Company s transfer agent in your name and applicable securities law or trading restrictions, if any, with respect to the Shares will be noted in the records of the Company s transfer agent and in the book entry system. 
 9.  Responsibility for Taxes 
 You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, your employer (the  Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you ( Tax-Related Items ), is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Units, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to such settlement; and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer 
 (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. 
 In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following: (i) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and/or the Employer; (ii) withholding from proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale (which the Company may either arrange on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent or may require you to enter into a trading plan that complies with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) under the Exchange Act with a brokerage firm acceptable to the Company for this purpose); or (iii) withholding in Shares to be issued upon settlement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a Section 16 officer of the Company, you agree and acknowledge that the Company or its agent are authorized to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by withholding in Shares to be issued upon settlement, unless the Committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligations for all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of (i), (ii) and (iii) above. 
   Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other  
 - 5-    Revised November 2016  

applicable withholding rates. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Vested Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.  
 Finally, you agree to pay to the Company or the Employer, as applicable, any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 10. Nature of Grant  
 In accepting the Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: 
 10.1  the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan;  
 10.2  the grant of the Award is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants, or benefits in lieu of awards, even if awards have been granted in the past;  
   
 10.3  all decisions with respect to future awards or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;  
 10.4  the grant of the Award and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company or any Related Company and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate your employment or service relationship (if any);  
 10.5  you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;  
 10.6  the Award and the Shares subject to the Award are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;  
 10.7  the Award and the Shares subject to the Award, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments;  
 10.8  the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty;  
 10.9  no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Units resulting from your Termination of Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any); and  
   10.10  the following provision applies only to Participants based outside the United States: you acknowledge and agree that neither the Company, the Employer nor any Related Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local   
 - 6-    Revised November 2016  

currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Award or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement.  
 11. Data Privacy  
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Award grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Related Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor ( Data ), for the exclusive purpose of 
 implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that ifyou reside outside the United States, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the Company, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that ifyou reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing ofData, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. Ifyou do not consent, or ifyou later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences ofyour refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 12. General Provisions  
 - 7-    Revised November 2016  

12.1 Assignment.   The Company may assign its rights under this Agreement at any time, whether or not such rights are then exercisable, to any person or entity selected by the Company s Board of Directors.  
 12.2 No Waiver.  No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless in writing and signed by the person against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced, nor will failure to enforce any right hereunder constitute a continuing waiver of the same or a waiver of any other right hereunder.  
 12.3 Imposition of Other Requirements.  You hereby agree to take any additional action and execute whatever additional documents or undertakings the Company may deem necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons in connection with your participation in the Plan, the grant of Award, or the acquisition of any Shares.  
 12.4 Agreement Is Entire Contract.  This Agreement, the Award Notice and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement is made pursuant to the provisions of the Plan and will in all respects be construed in conformity with the express terms and provisions of the Plan.  
 12.5 Successors and Assigns.  The provisions of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding on, the Company and its successors and assigns and you and your legal representatives, heirs, legatees, distributees, assigns and transferees by operation of law, whether or not any such person will have become a party to this Agreement and agreed in writing to join herein and be bound by the terms and conditions hereof.  
 12.6 Section 409A Compliance.  Payments made pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan are intended to qualify for an exception from or to comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, the Committee reserves the right, but shall not be required to, unilaterally amend or modify the terms of this Agreement and/or the Plan as it determines necessary or appropriate, in its sole discretion, to avoid the imposition of interest or penalties under Section 409A; provided, however, that the Company makes no representation that that the Award shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Award.  
 12.7 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but which, upon execution, will constitute one and the same instrument.  
 12.8 Governing Law and Venue.  This Agreement will be construed and administered in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Washington without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.  
 For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or the Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdictions of the State of Washington, agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of King County, Washington, or the federal courts for the United States for the Western District of Washington, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 
 12.9 Language.  If you have received this Agreement or any other documents related to the Plan translated to a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.  
 - 8-    Revised November 2016  

12.10 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance.   The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.  
 12.11 Severability.  The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.  
 12.12 Appendix.  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Award shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in the appendix to this Agreement for your country (the  Appendix ). The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.  
 12.13 Reimbursement.  Plan participation and awards are subject to the Board s Policy on Reimbursement of Incentive Awards, as it might change from time to time.  
 12.14 No Right to Damages.  Nothing in these Award Terms and Conditions gives you a right to receive damages for any portion of the Award that you might lose due to Company, Related Company or Committee decisions. The loss of potential profit from the Award will not constitute an element of damages in the event of your Termination of Service for any reason, even if such Termination of Service violates an obligation of the Company or a Related Company.                12.15  Insider Trading.    By participating in the Plan, you agree to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading (to the extent it applies to you).  Further, you acknowledge that your country of residence may also have laws or regulations governing insider trading and such laws or regulations may impose additional restrictions on your ability to participate in the Plan (e.g., acquiring or selling Shares) and you are solely responsible for complying with such laws or regulations.  
 - 9-    Revised November 2016  

APPENDIX  
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS TO THE 
 GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix to the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the  Agreement ) includes special terms and conditions applicable to Participants in the countries covered by the Appendix. These terms and conditions are in addition to, or, if so indicated, in place of, the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes notifications relating to exchange control and other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is based on the exchange control, securities and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of June 2015. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the notifications herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Award vests or Shares acquired under the Plan are sold. 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 Finally, you understand that if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transfer employment after the Grant Date, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not apply to you, and the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply. 
 BELGIUM  Notifications  
 Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information.  If you are a Belgian resident, you are required to report any security or bank account (including brokerage accounts) you maintain outside Belgium on your annual tax return, and will have to provide the Central Contact Point with the National Bank of Belgium ( CP ) with the account number, the name of the bank with which the account was opened and the country in which it was opened in a separate report the first time you report the foreign security and/or bank account on your annual income tax return. The forms to complete this report are now available on the website of the National Bank of Belgium.  
   
  A-1    Revised November 2016  

CANADA  
 Terms and Conditions 
  Termination of Service.  This provision supplements Section 3 of the Agreement. 
 In the event of Termination of Service (whether or not in breach of local labor laws and whether or not later found to be invalid), your right to receive the Award and vest under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date that is the earlier of: (1) the date that you are no longer actively employed by the Company or the employer, or at the discretion of the Committee, (2) the date the you receive notice of termination of employment from the employer, if earlier than (1), regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under local law (including, but not limited to statutory law, regulatory law and/or common law); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer employed for purposes of the Award. 
 The following provisions apply if you are a resident of Quebec: 
 French Language Provision.  The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English.  
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig  la r daction en anglais de la Convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement  , la pr sente convention 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent.  The following provision supplements Section 11 of the Agreement:  
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company or any Related Company and the Administrator to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors and to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information.  You are permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided the resale of the Shares acquired under the Plan takes place outside Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Shares are currently listed on the NYSE.  
 Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information.  Foreign property including the Award, Shares, and other rights to receive shares of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident employee must generally be reported annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of your foreign assets exceeds C$100,000 at any time  
   
  A-2    Revised November 2016  

during the year.   You are advised to consult with a personal advisor to ensure that you comply with the applicable requirements.  
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 French Language Provision . By accepting the Agreement providing for the terms and conditions of your Award, you confirm having read and understood the documents relating to this Award (the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly.  
 En acceptant le Contrat d Attribution d crivant les termes et conditions de l Attribution, le participant confirme ainsi avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs   cette Attribution (le Plan et le Contrat d Attribution) qui ont  t  communiqu s en langue anglaise. Le participant accepte les termes en connaissance de cause. 
 Notifications 
 Tax Information.  The Award is not intended to be a French tax-qualified award.  
 Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information.  French residents holding cash or securities (including Shares acquired under the Plan) outside France must declare such accounts to the French Tax Authorities when filing their annual tax returns. Failure to complete this reporting triggers penalties for the resident.   French residents should consult with their personal tax advisor to determine their personal reporting obligations.  
 GERMANY  Notifications  
 Exchange Control Information.  Cross-border payments in excess of  12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank. If you make or receive a cross-border payment in excess of  12,500 (e.g., proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan), you must report the payment to the German Federal Bank electronically using the  General Statistics Reporting Portal  available via the Bank s website  
  (  www.bundesbank.de  ).  
   
 INDIA 
   
 Notifications 
   
 Exchange Control Information.    You understand that you must repatriate any proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan or the receipt of dividends paid on such Shares to India within a relatively short time of receipt (ninety (90) days or one hundred eighty (180) days, respectively). You will receive a foreign inwards remittance certificate ( FIRC ) from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency.  You should maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of the proceeds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Company or  your Employer requests proof of repatriation.  You are also responsible for complying with any other foreign exchange control laws in India that may apply to the Award or the Shares acquired under the Plan.   
  A-3    Revised November 2016  

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information.    You are required to declare any foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including Shares acquired under the Plan) in your annual tax return.  
   
 UNITED KINGDOM  Terms and Conditions  
 Responsibility for Taxes.  The following provisions supplement Section 9 of the Agreement:  
 You are required to pay to the Company or the Employer, as applicable, any amount of income tax that the Company or the Employer may be required to account to Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) with respect to the event giving rise to the income tax (the 
  Taxable Event ) that cannot be satisfied by the means described in Section 9 of the Agreement. If payment or withholding of the income tax is not made within ninety (90) days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which the Taxable Event occurred or such other period as required under U.K. law (the  Due Date ), you agree that the amount of any uncollected income tax shall constitute a loan owed by you to the Employer, effective on the Due Date. You agree that the loan will bear interest at the then-current HMRC Official Rate and it will be immediately due and repayable, and the Company and/or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 9 of the Agreement. If you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the income tax as described in this section, the Company may refuse to deliver the Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), you will not be eligible for such a loan to cover the income tax due. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and the income tax due is not collected from or paid by you by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and National Insurance contributions ( NICs ) may be payable. You will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or the Employer, as applicable, for the value of any NICs due on this additional benefit. 
  A-4    Revised November 2016  

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.57>
 7
 esl-ex1057_2200.htm
 EX-10.57

esl-ex1057_2200.htm

Soccer99 
   
 Exhibit 10.57 

CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO  quecelebran por una parte,  INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V., representada en este acto por el Sr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, en lo sucesivo referido como el  ARRENDADOR ,  y   SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V.,  representada en este acto por el Sr. Robert David George, en lo sucesivo referido como el  ARRENDATARIO  con la comparecencia y consentimiento de ESTERL1NE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, en lo sucesivo referido como el  GARANTE , y que formalizan al tenor de las siguientes DECLARACIONES y CLAUSULAS:    

LEASE AGREEMENT  entered into by and between  INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V.,  herein represented by Mr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, hereinafter referred to as  LESSOR , and  SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V.,  herein represented by Mr.Robert David George hereinafter referred to as  LESSEE , with the presence and consent of ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, hereinafter referred to as the  GUARANTOR , that is formalized pursuant to the following RECITALS and CLAUSES.   

DECLARACIONES  

RECITALS  

Declara en este acto el ARRENDADOR por conducto de su represente legal, el se or Eduardo Mendoza Larios:  

LESSOR hereby declares by means of its Legal Representative, Mr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios that:  

I. Que su representada es una Sociedad Mercantil organizada y existente conforme a la Ley General de Sociedades Mercantiles, seg n acta constitutiva que consta en Escritura P blica n mero 13602, volumen 268, pasada ante la fe del Licenciado Macedonio E. Gutirr z, entonces Notario P blico N mero Uno para la Ciudad de Mexicali, Baja Califomia, el 8 de agosto de 1955; la cual fue posteriormente modificada para cambiar la denominaci n de la empresa a Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras S.A. de C.V., seg n Escritura P blica No. 229,855 del volumen 8945, protocolizada ante la fe del Lic. Francisco Lozano Noriega, Notario P blico n mero Diez para la Ciudad de Mexico, Distrito Federal e inscrita bajo partida n mero 6077 de fecha 30 de septiembre de 1987 en la secci n de Comercio del Registro P blico de la Propiedad y de Comercio en la Ciudad de Mexicali, Baja California, teniendo como objeto social, entre otros, el desarrollo y operaci n de Parques Industriales, en raz n de lo cual opera, entre otros, el conocido como Parque Industrial Valle Bonito, ubicado en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja Califomia, documento que, marcado como  Anexo  A1 ,  se agrega al presente Contrato como parte del mismo.  

I. It is a company organized and existing under Mexican General Corporations Law, as per Charter of Incorporation evidenced in Public Instrument No. 13602, Volume 268, executed before Attorney Macedonio E. Gutierrez, Notary Public No. 1 in Mexicali, Baja Califomia, on August 8, 1955, which was thereafter amended to change the company s name to Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras, S.A de C.V. according to Public Instrument No. 229,855, volume 8945, executed before Attorney Francisco Lozano Noriega, Notary Public No. Ten in Mexico City, Federal District, registered under log entry number 6077, on September 30, 1987 in the Commerce Section of the Public Registry of Property and Commerce in the City of Mexicali, Baja Califomia, having as its corporate purpose, among others, the development and operation of Industrial Parks, by virtue of which it operates among others, the one known as Parque Industrial Valle Bonito, located in the City of Tijuana, Baja Califomia, Mexico, document attached herein as  Exhibit  A1   and made a part hereof.  

II. Que su representante legal, el se or Eduardo Mendoza Larios, tiene capacidad legal suficiente para actuar en su nombre y representaci n y obligarle en t rminos del presente Contrato, seg n consta en Escritura P blica n mero 113,204, volumen 2799, de fecha 5 de julio del 2007, pasada ante la fe del Licenciado Luis    Alfonso Vidales Moreno, Notario P   blico n   mero 5 en la Ciudad de Mexicali, Baja Califomia, M   xico, documento que marcado como   Anexo  A2 ,   se agrega al presente como parte del mismo.   

II. Its Legal Representative, Mr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios has sufficient legal capacity to act on its name and representation and to bind it in terms of this Agreement, as evidenced in Public Instrument No. 113,204, volume 2799, dated July 5, 2007, executed before Attorney Luis Alfonso Vidales Moreno, Notary Public No. 5 in the city of Mexicali,    Baja California, Mexico, document attached herein as   Exhibit  A2    and made a part hereof.   

III. Que es due io y puede disponer libremente de una porci n de terreno, identificado como Lote 4, Manzana 121 en el Parque Industrial Valle Bonito en la ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, M xico, con una superficie total de 23,655.829 m 2  (Veintitr s mil seiscientos cincuenta y cinco 82/100 metros cuadrados), equivalentes a 254,628.98 pies cuadrados, (en lo sucesivo la   Superficie de Terreno )  y de las mejoras construidas en el mismo y que se detallar n m s adelante en el presente, incluyendo pero no limitado al edificio modular ahi ubicado al que se identifica como  Edificio Duna  (en lo sucesivo referido como el   Edificio Duna  )   con una   Superficie Arrendable   total de 129,165.00 (Ciento veintinueve mil ciento sesenta y cinco) Pies Cuadrados, el cual se compone de las siguientes secciones: M dulo 1 (en lo sucesivo el   Modulo 1  ) con una superficie de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados, M dulo 2 (en lo sucesivo el   Modulo  2 ) con una superficie de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados, M dulo 3 (en lo sucesivo el   M dulo 3  ) con una superficie de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados y M dulo 4 (en lo sucesivo el   M dulo 4  ) con una superficie de 25,833.00 pies cuadrados;  

III. It is owner and may freely dispose of a portion of land, described as Lot 4, Block 121, at Valle Bonito Industrial Park in the city of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, with a total surface of 23,655.829 m 2  (twenty three thousand six hundred and fifty five 82/100 square meters), equivalent to 254,628.98 square feet, (hereinafter referred to as the   Land Surface  ) and of the improvements therein constructed as detailed hereinafter in the present document, including but not limited to the building therein located, which is identified as  Duna Building  (hereinafter referred to as the   Duna Building  ) with a   Leasable Area     of 129,165.00 (One hundred twenty nine thousand one hundred sixty five) square feet, which is composed by the following sections: Module 1 (hereinafter referred to as   Module 1  ) with a leasable area of 34,444.00 square feet, Module 2 (hereinafter referred to as   Module 2  ) with a leasable area of 34,444.00 square feet, Module 3 (hereinafter referred to as   Module 3  ) with a leasable area of 34,444.00 square feet and Module 4 (hereinafter referred to as   Module 4  ) with a leasable area of 25,833.00 square feet;  

El  rea sujeta a este Contrato de Arrendamiento corresponde a la  Superficie Arrendable  total es decir al  Edificio Duna  completo con todas y cada una de sus secciones. Para efectos de este contrato, el t rmino   Propiedad Arrendada  , ser  entendido como: la parte proporcional de la  Superficie Arrendable  bajo posesi n del ARRENDATARIO que el mismo vaya ocupando hasta el momento de la total ocupaci n del Edificio Duna, seg n el programa de ampliaci n y ocupaci n que m s adelante han acordado las partes y que a la fecha de inicio de este arrendamiento corresponde al M dulo 1 del Edificio Duna con una superficie arrendable de 34,444.00 (treinta y cuatro mil cuatrocientos cuarenta y cuatro) Pies Cuadrados,  

The area subject to this Lease Agreement corresponds to the total  Leasable Area  that is to say the whole Duna Building with all its sections. For the purposes of this agreement the term   Leased Property   ,  will be understood as the proportional part of the Leasable Area under LESSEE s possession as it happens to be occupied and up to the moment of total occupation of the Duna Building, according to the expansion and occupation program agreed ahead by the parties and that at the commencement date of this lease corresponds to the  Module 1  of the Duna Building which has a leasable area of 34,444.00 (thirty four thousand four hundred forty-four) Square Feet.  

IV. El domicilio en el que tiene el principal asiento de sus operaciones es el ubicado en Kil metro 10.5 de la Carretera a San Luis Rio Colorado, en Mexicali, Baja California, M xico y que su Registro Federal de Contribuyentes es IAM 870622 MF4.  

IV. The address at which it has its principal place of business is located at Kilometer 10.5 of highway to San Luis Rio Colorado, in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico, and its Federal Taxpayers  Registry number is IAM 870622 MF4.  

V. Que es su intenci n dar en arrendamiento la Propiedad Arrendada al ARRENDATARIO, de acuerdo a los t rminos y condiciones de este Contrato.  

V. It is its intent to lease the Leased Property to LESSEE, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  

Declara en este acto el ARRENDATARIO, por conducto de su representante legal:  

LESSEE hereby declares by means of its Legal Representative:  

VI. Que acredita su legal existencia como Sociedad Mercantil, con la Escritura P blica de fecha 8 de febrero de 2002, n mero 45,821, del volumen 1,375, protocolizada ante la fe del Lic. Ricardo del Monte N  ez, Notario P blico N mero Ocho para la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, M xico, cuya copia se agrega al presente marcada como  Anexo  B  , para formar parte  
  integrante del mismo.   

VI. That it evidences the legal existence as a Mercantile Corporation as per Public Instrument dated February 8, 2002, Number 45,821, volume 1,375, executed before Attorney Ricardo del Monte N  ez, Notary Public Number Eight in the city of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, a copy of which is attached herein as  Exhibit  B   and made a part hereof.  

VII. Que acredita la capacidad legal de su representante legal para comparecer a la firma del presente con facultades suficientes, mismas que no le han sido revocadas o de manera alguna modificadas, con la Escritura P blica de fecha 3 de noviembre de 2014, n mero 29,746, del volumen 509, protocolizada ante la fe del Lic. Xavier Ib  ez Aldana, Notario P blico N mero Uno para la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, M xico, cuya copia se agrega al presente marcada como  Anexo  B-1  , para formar parte integrante del mismo.  

VII. That it evidences the legal capacity of LESSEE S Representative to appear on its behalf with sufficient authority, same which has not been revoked or in any manner modified, with Public Instrument dated November 3, 2014, Number 29,746, volume 509, executed before Attorney Xavier Ib  ez Aldana, Notary Public Number One in the city of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, a copy of which is attached herein as  Exhibit  B-1   and made a part hereof.  

VIII. El domicilio en el que tiene el principal asiento de sus operaciones es Blvd. Insurgentes 19208-3, Col. Cerro Colorado, Tijuana, Baja California, C.P. 22223, Mexico, precisamente el de la Propiedad Arrendada, y que el Registro Federal de Contribuyentes del ARRENDATARIO es: SME020208GXA.  

VIII. The address at which it has its principal place of business is Blvd. Insurgentes 19208-3, Col. Cerro Colorado, Tijuana, Baja California, C.P. 22223, Mexico, and LESSEE S Federal Taxpayers Registry number is: SME020208GXA.  

IX. Que es su intenci n arrendar del ARRENDADOR la Propiedad Arrendada que se describe en la Declaraci n III, de acuerdo a los t rminos y condiciones de este Contrato.  

IX. It is LESSEE S intent to lease from LESSOR the Leased Property described in Recital III, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  

De acuerdo a lo anterior las partes otorgan las siguientes:  

Pursuant to the above the parties agree as follows:  

CL USULAS  

CLAUSES  

I.  OBJETO DE ESTE CONTRATO   

I.  SCOPE OF LEASE AGREEMENT.   

A.  En los t rminos y condiciones que se establecen m s adelante, el objeto del presente Contrato es el siguiente: El ARRENDADOR da en arrendamiento al ARRENDATARIO y el   ARRENDATARIO toma en arrendamiento del ARRENDADOR la Propiedad Arrendada descrita en la Declaraci n III del presents misma que en este acto se tiene por reproducida como si a la letra se insertare y que para mayor referencia se ilustra en el documento que marcado como   Anexo  C ,   y firmado de aceptaci n por las partes se agrega al presente formando parte integrants del mismo, con el fin de realizar en el mismo, exclusivamente las actividades industrials consistentes en la manufactura y ensamble de componentes electr nicos, inyecci n pl stica, planchado de acero, maquinado y cualesquier otra actividad de manufactura o ensamble permitida conforme a la Legislaci n Aplicable.   

A.  On the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter, the scope of this Lease Agreement is as follows: LESSOR hereby leases to LESSEE, and LESSEE hereby leases from LESSOR the     Leased Property as described in Recital III above, same which is hereby considered reproduced as if literally inserted and that for further reference is detailed in the document marked as   Exhibit  C ,   and that accepted and signed by the parties, is attached hereto and made a part hereof, for the purpose of performing the manufacture and assembly of electronic components, plastic injection molding, steel plating, machining and any other manufacturing or assembly activity permitted in accordance with Applicable Law.   

De conformidad con el siguiente programa de ampliaci n y ocupaci n forzoso para el ARRENDATARIO, al inicio del presente arrendamiento, el ARRENDATARIO toma en arrendamiento el M dulo 1 del Edificio Duna con una superficie de 34,444.00 (treinta y cuatro mil cuatrocientos cuarenta y cuatro) Pies Cuadrados.  

According to the following expansion and obligatory occupation program for LESSEE, at the commencement of this Agreement, LESSEE leases the Module 1 of the Duna Building with an Area of 34,444.00 (thirty four thousand four hundred forty-four) Square Feet.  

A partir del inicio antes deschto, la Propiedad Arrendada ser  ampliada sucesivamente mediante la adici n de los m dulos restantes del Edificio Duna, seg n se detalla a continuaci n:   

As from the starting point described above, the Leased Property shall be successively expanded by adding the remaining modules of the Duna Building as follows:  

El M dulo 2 con una superficie de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados se integrar  a la Propiedad Arrendada a partir del d a primero de octubre de 2016.  

The Module 2 with an area of 34,444.00 square feet will be integrated into Leased Property as from October 1, 2016.  

El M dulo 3 con una superficie de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados se integrar  a la Propiedad Arrendada a partir del d a primero de octubre de 2017.  

The Module 3 with an area of 34,444.00 square feet will be integrated into Leased Property as from October 1, 2017.  

El M dulo 4 con una superficie de 25,833.00 pies cuadrados se integrar  a la Propiedad Arrendada a partir del d a primero de octubre de 2018.  

The Module 4 with an area of 25,833.00 square feet will be integrated into Leased Property as from October 1, 2018.  

En las fechas previstas, las partes levantar n un acta firmada por sus representantes legales en la que se har  constar la entrega de la posesi n de cada uno de los m dulos, con independencia de la anterior formalidad, la superficie de cada uno de los m dulos referidos, empezar  a generar rentas de forma autom tica en la fecha indicada para cada uno de ellos, sin importar que no se llegue a levantar la referida acta circunstanciada o que el ARRENDATARIO por causas diversas no imputables al ARRENDADOR, no llegar  a tomar posesi n de cada uno de estos m dulos.  

On the scheduled dates, the parties will record a minute signed by their legal representatives which will attest the delivery of the possession of each one of the modules, notwithstanding the foregoing formality, the area of each one of the referred modules, will begin to generate rents automatically on the date indicated for each of them, notwithstanding that the referred minutes are not signed by LESSEE or that LESSEE does not take possession of the Modules for reasons that are not attributable to LESSOR.  

El ARRENDATARIO en este acto otorga su consentimiento para el efecto de que el ARRENDADOR disponga libremente de los m dulos restantes del Edificio Duna previamente y hasta el momenta en que estos deban ser ocupados por el ARRENDATARIO, separando la operaci n de ambas empresas con una pared divisoria y siendo responsabilidad del ARRENDADOR liberarlos en tiempo y forma y entregarlos en las condiciones acordadas con el ARRENDATARIO en caso de uso u ocupaci n diversa.  

LESSEE hereby consents for LESSOR to freely   dispose of the remaining modules of the Duna Building prior and up to the moment when these will be occupied by LESSEE, separating he operation of both companies with a dividing wall and being LESSOR s responsibility to vacate them in a timely form and manner and to deliver them in the conditions agreed with LESSEE in case of giving them a diverse use or occupation.  

Las partes acuerdan que la incorporaci n a la Propiedad Arrendada de los m dulos aqu  referidos, podr  llevarse a cabo de manera anticipada a la de las fechas previstas, previa solicitud por escrito del ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR:  

The parties agree that the incorporation to the Leased Property of the modules referenced herein, may take place with anticipation to the dates provided, prior written request by LESSEE to LESSOR:  

a) Con al menos 6 meses de anticipaci n a la fecha en la que pretenda entrar en posesi n del m dulo que corresponda en caso de que el m dulo referido se encuentre ocupado por alg n arrendatario temporal del ARRENDADOR.  

a) With at least 6 months of anticipation to the date on which it intends to take possession of the corresponding module a module in case such module is occupied by a temporary tenant of LESSOR s.  

b) Con al menos 30 d as de anticipaci n a la fecha en la que pretenda entrar en posesi n del m dulo que corresponda, en caso de que dicho modulo se encuentre disponible y desocupado.  

b) With at least 30 days of anticipation to the date on which it intends to take possession of the corresponding module if such module if vacant and unoccupied.  

Las partes deber n de celebrar un convenio modificatorio a este Contrato de Arrendamiento, en el que se acuerde la adici n de cada m dulo a la Propiedad Arrendada en fecha diversa a la aqu  pactada, acordando las partes que de agregar el ARRENDATARIO anticipadamente a la Propiedad Arrendada el  ltimo m dulo con el cual se ocupe la totalidad del Edificio Duna, se modifica autom ticamente el T rmino de Arrendamiento a efecto de que concluya al transcurso de los 10 a os forzosos y completos de arrendamiento, contados a partir de la toma de posesi n del  ltimo m dulo con el cual se ocupe el Edificio Duna de forma completa.   

The parties shall celebrate an addendum to this Lease Agreement, which will agree the addition of each module to the Leased Property in a different date to the ones provided herein, agreeing the parties that in the event of an accelerated addition by LESSEE of the last module to occupy the whole Duna Building, the Lease Term will be automatically modified to the effect that the Lease Agreement will conclude at the end of the mandatory 10 (ten) years of lease counted as from the possession of the last module to occupy the whole Duna Building.  

B.  Derecho del Tanto. El ARRENDATARIO tendr  el Derecho del Tanto para el arrendamiento de las construcciones ubicadas en los inmuebles se alados en el  Anexo  C2   del presente Contrato de Arrendamiento, precisando que dicho derecho del tanto se tendr  en segundo grado respecto de las construcciones que se puedan llevar a cabo en el inmueble identificado con el n mero  2 , debido a que se otorg  un derecho al tanto en primer grado a una tercera parte con anterioridad a la firma del presente contrato. Respecto al inmueble marcado con el n mero  1 , el derecho al tanto ser  en primer grado.   

B.  Right of First Refusal, LESSEE will have the right of first refusal to lease the constructions found in the lots detailed in  Exhibit  C2   of this contract, stating that such right of first refusal will be granted in a second order regarding the constructions that can be made in the lot identified with the number  2 , due to the fact that a right of first refusal was granted to a third party before the signature of this agreement. With respect to the lot identified with the number  1 , the right of first   refusal will be in first order.   

En virtud de lo anterior las Partes acuerdan expresamente que durante el t rmino inicial o sus pr rrogas, en caso de que el ARRENDADOR reciba una oferta de alg n tercero para rentar construcciones en los inmuebles referidos, el ARRENDADOR notificar  inmediatamente por escrito al ARRENDATARIO, quien gozar  de un periodo de 30 (treinta) dias naturales a efecto de ejercer su derecho del tanto para arrendar dicha construcci n en las mismas condiciones generales establecidos en este Contrato, excepto del t rmino de arrendamiento y la renta base que ser  negociada en dicho momento por las partes. Transcurrido dicho t rmino sin que el ARRENDATARIO notifique por escrito su intenci n de ejercer su derecho del tanto, el ARRENDADOR estar  facultado para disponer del inmueble respectivo de forma permanente y sin necesidad de volver a notificar al ARRENDATARIO.  

As consequence the parties expressly agree that during the Initial Term or during its extensions, in case LESSOR receives an offer from a third party to rent on of such constructions, LESSOR shall immediately notify LESSEE in writing, who will enjoy of a period of 30 (Thirty) calendar days in order to exercise its right of first refusal to lease such construction under the same general conditions established in this contract except of the lease term and the base rent, that shall be negotiated in such moment by the parties. Passed such period of time without LESSEE s written notification expressing its intention to exercise its right of first refusal, LESSOR will be authorized to freely dispose of such property permanently and without the need to notify LESSEE again.  

II.  CONSTRUCCIONES O MODIFICACIONES A LAS MEJORAS DEL ARRENDADOR.   

II.  CONSTRUCTIONS OR MODIFICATIONS TO IMPROVEMENTS BY LESSOR.   

A. EI ARRENDADOR a su costa ha construido, en la Superficie de Terreno, en cumplimiento de toda la normatividad aplicable, incluyendo pero no limitada a la de Salubridad e Higiene y al Reglamento del Parque Industrial, cuya copia firmada por las partes se agrega al presente como  Anexo  D ,  las mejoras a que se refiere la Declaracion III; La Propiedad Arrendada contar  una serie de  Mejoras , entendiendose como tales a las Instalaciones estructurales o de maquinaria, enseres, mobiliario e instrumentos disponibles dentro o fuera del Edificio Duna, entre las cuales ser n proporcionadas por el ARRENDADOR ( Mejoras  del ARRENDADOR )  las que se especifican en el  Anexo  E   que firmado de aceptacion por las  
  partes se anexa al presente contrato formando parte del mismo.   

A. LESSOR at LESSOR s own cost and expense has constructed in the Land Surface, in compliance with all applicable regulations, including but not limited to Health and Hygiene and with the Industrial Park Regulations, a copy of which, signed by the parties is attached hereto as  Exhibit  D ,  the improvements referred to in Recital III;. The Leased Property will feature a series of  Improvements , to be understood as the structural installations, machinery, appliances, furniture and instruments available inside or outside the Duna Building, among which will be provided by LESSOR ( LESSOR s Improvements ) the specified in  Exhibit     E , that duly accepted and executed by the parties is attached hereto and made a part hereof.  

B. En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO requiera que el ARRENDADOR lleve a cabo cualesquier construcci n o mejoras fuera de las definidas como las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR en la Propiedad Arrendada, dichas mejoras ser n negociadas caso por caso y sujetas a un Contrato de Construcci n adicional, mismo que se agregara al presente bajo el Anexo consecutivo correspondiente y para efectos del presente se denominar n las  Mejoras Contractuales .  

B. In the event that LESSEE requires LESSOR to perform any construction or improvements beyond the scope of LESSOR s Improvements upon, such Improvements will be negotiated on a case by case basis and subject to a separate Construction Agreement, Which will be added to this Agreement to form part hereof, and which shall be identified with the corresponding Exhibit number and for purposes of this Agreement shall be identified as Contractual Improvements.  

C.Las Mejoras Contractuales, o cualquier mejora autorizada por el ARRENDADOR, que incremente la superficie rentable dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada, es decir, que aumente la superficie utilizable dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada, cualquiera que sea su naturaleza, incluyendo pero no limitado a mezzanine, cafeteria, ampliacion de oficinas, almacenes, laboratorios, cuartos de m quinas, planta de producci n y espacio de estacionamiento en adicion al espacio de estacionamiento asignado a la Propiedad Arrendada definida inicialmente, ser  considerada por las partes como superficie rentable, y por consiguiente como parte de la Propiedad Arrendada bajo este Contrato, por lo cual el valor de renta de la misma sera negociado oportunamente por el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO, considerando la superficie, su naturaleza, materiales de construccion y acabados de la misma segun su destino. En cualquier caso, las anteriores precisiones y cualesquier otras necesarias acordar n por escrito que, firmado por las partes se agregar  al presente bajo el Anexo consecutivo correspondiente.  

C. The Contractual Improvements, or any improvement authorized by LESSOR that increases the leasable area within the Leased Property, meaning those ones that increase the usable area within the Leased Property, whatever its nature, Including but not limited to a mezzanine, cafeteria, expansion of offices, warehouses, lab rooms, machinery rooms, production floor; and parking space in addition to that parking space allocated within the initially defined Leased Property, will be considered by the parties as leasable area, and thus part of the Leased Property under this Agreement, for which rent value will be timely negotiated by LESSOR and LESSEE, considering the surface, its nature, construction materials and furnishings of the same, considering its purpose. In any event, all such precisions and others necessary shall be agreed to by means of a written document that, executed by the parties shall be attached hereto as the corresponding consecutive Exhibit to this Agreement to form part hereof.  

D. Mejoras del Arrendatario. Cualquier otra mejora autorizada por el ARRENDADOR y que no sea Mejora Contractual seg n se identifica en el presente, ser  regulada por los lineamientos aplicables en cada caso, seg n se requiere y contiene en el Reglamento del Parque Industrial.  

D. Tenant Improvements, Any other improvements authorized by LESSOR and that are not Contractual Improvements as identified herein, shall be governed by the guidelines applicable for each case, as required and contained in the Industrial Park Regulations.   

E. Cualquier otra mejora adicional realizada tanto por el ARRENDADOR como por el ARRENDATARIO, deber  cumplir con las leyes, reglamentos y decretos Federales, Estatales y Municipales en materia de construcci n y cualquier mandato aplicable al ARRENDATARIO.  

E. Any additional improvement executed either by LESSOR and/or LESSEE shall comply with all Federal, State and Municipal laws, regulations and ordinances, regarding construction and any applicable ordinances of LESSEE. 

F. El ARRENDADOR se reserva el derecho a utilizar los techos de la Propiedad Arrendada para alojar instalaciones y/o estructuras tales como antenas, paneles solares o estructuras de otro tipo; mismas que en ning n caso interferir n con las actividades y la operatividad del ARRENDATARIO, ni pondr n en riesgo los bienes, empleados, agentes, comisionistas, invitados o contratistas del ARRENDATARIO.  

F. LESSOR reserves itself the right to use the roofs of the Leased Property to accommodate facilities and/or structures such as antennas, solar panels or other structures; same which in no case will interfere with the activities and the operation of the LESSEE, nor will put at risk the goods, employees, agents, commissioners, guests or contractors of the LESSEE.  

G. Las partes acuerdan que atendiendo a los requerimientos y necesidades especificas del ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR concede en este acto al ARRENDATARIO la disponibilidad de un presupuesto hasta por la cantidad m xima de   $1 000,000.00 D lares   (Un mill n 00/100 de D lares, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica), mas el Impuesto al Valor Agregado, para el financiamiento de Mejoras Adicionales a la Propiedad Arrendada (   Mejoras Adicionales del ARRENDADOR ),   mismo que podr  ser utilizado o no utilizado por el ARRENDATARIO, total o parcialmente seg n sus necesidades. Este presupuesto se podr  utilizar en cualquier momento por el ARRENDATARIO a partir de la firma del Arrendamiento hasta el 1 de octubre de 2018 (arrendamiento del Cuarto M dulo).   

G. The parties agree that according to the requirements and specific needs of LESSEE LESSOR grants in this act to LESSEE the availability of a financing budget of up to the\ maximum amount of  US $1 000,000.00 Dollars  (One million 00/100 Dollars, Legal Currency of the United States of America), plus the corresponding Value Added Tax, for the financing of Additional Improvements to the Leased Property (hereinafter   LESSOR s Additional Improvements ),  same budget that can be used or not be used by LESSEE, totally or partially according to its needs. This budget may be used at any time by LESSEE from the execution of the Lease until October 1, 2018 (lease of the Fourth Module).  

Dichas Mejoras Adicionales del ARRENDADOR ser n exclusivamente mejoras a la Propiedad Arrendada y no mejoras para la producci n o procesos del ARRENDATARIO, por ello estar n limitadas a oficinas administrativas, cafeteria, ba os de producci n, alumbrado en almac n, luces en muelles, o mejoras similares para beneficio de la Propiedad Arrendada y mismas que en ning n momento pasar n a propiedad del ARRENDATARIO.  

Said LESSOR S Additional Improvements will be exclusively improvements to the Leased Property and not improvements for the production or processes of LESSEE, therefore will be limited to Administrative offices, cafeteria, production restrooms, warehouse lighting, lights on docks or any similar improvement for the benefit of the Leased Property, same that shall in no case, become the property of LESSEE.  

Ambas partes acordar n por escrito, qu  mejoras ser n construidas en la Propiedad Arrendada, asi como el precio de los trabajos a ejecutarse, todo dentro del presupuesto de  $1 000,000.00 D lares  (Un mill n 00/100 de D lares, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) se alado anteriormente. El ARRENDADOR realizar  la contrataci n de las labores de ejecuci n de las mejoras, lo cual por lo que respecta a las mejoras diversas al Sistema Contra Incendios del edificio, asi como a la Subestaci n El ctrica y al Sistema de Aire Acondicionado del primer m dulo a ocupar que fueron requeridos por el ARRENDATARIO, se realizar  previa validaci n del ARRENDATARIO de las propuestas que le presente el ARRENDADOR haciendo uso de su padr n de contratistas y proveedores, siempre que estas sean competitivas en costo, calidad y tiempos de entrega; Si el ARRENDATARIO no estuviese conforme con las propuestas presentadas podr  optar por elegir a contratista de su elecci n, caso en el que el ARRENDATARIO deber  vigilar la calidad de las mejoras asi como llevar a cabo las reclamaciones de garantias que resulten necesarias, aspectos de dichas mejoras que en ese caso no serian responsabilidad del ARRENDADOR. Al concluirse la obra, el ARRENDADOR deber  solicitar y obtener del ARRENDATARIO una certificaci n de terminaci n de obra. Concluida la vida  itil de las Mejoras Adicionales del ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDATARIO podr  optar por solicitar al ARRENDADOR financiamiento para el reemplazo de las mismas o por reempiazarlas con recursos propios.  

Both parties will agree in writing, which improvements will be constructed on the Leased Property, as well as the price of the works to be executed, all within the  US $1 000,000.00 Dollars  (One million 00/100 Dollars, Legal Currency of the United States of America) budget referred to above. LESSOR will conduct the contracting of the works for execution of the improvements, in the understanding that, with respect to improvements other than the Fire Deterrent System for the building, as well as the Electrical Substation and the Air Conditioning System for the first module to be occupied, will be executed with the prior validation from LESSEE of the proposals presented by LESSOR making use of its database of contractors and suppliers, as long as these are competitive in cost, quality and delivery times. If LESSEE does not agree with the proposals presented, LESSEE shall be able to select a contractor of its choosing, in which case LESSEE shall inspect the quality of the improvements and also make any claim of warranties that might be needed. Upon completion of the work, LESSOR must request and obtain an acknowledgement of successful completion from LESSEE. Once the life span of the LESSOR s Additional Improvements has ended, LESSEE may choose to request LESSOR financing for to replace such improvements or to replace them with its own resources.  

Las Mejoras Adicionales del ARRENDADOR no podr n exceder en valor al presupuesto se alado anteriormente y ser n pagadas al ARRENDADOR por el ARRENDATARIO en amortizaciones mensuales pagaderas junto con la Renta Base, mismas que ser n calculadas para ser cubiertas en 10 (diez) a os, agregando un costo por financiamiento del 8% (ocho por ciento anual) de inter s anual (en lo sucesivo referidos conjuntamente como los  Gastos de Mejoras del ARRENDADOR ) conforme se describe en el   Anexo    F   . El ARRENDADOR conviene que el ARRENDATARIO llevar  a cabo una revisi n final de las especificaciones para los sistemas de aire acondicionado y electricidad identificados en el   Anexo   F   para determinar si llenan los requisitos del ARRENDATARIO. Si, con base en esta revisi n, el ARRENDATARIO solicita una modificaci n a dichas especificaciones que afecte el costo y/o tiempo de entrega y, tanto el ARRENDADOR como el ARRENDATARIO, est n de acuerdo con tales cambios, entonces firmar n un adenda respecto al   Anexo   F   y la Renta Adicional ser  modificada de conformidad.   

The LESSOR S Additional Improvements shall not exceed in value the budget defined above and will be paid to LESSOR by LESSEE in monthly installments along with the Base Rent, same to shall be calculated to be paid in 10 (Ten) years, and adding a financing cost of 8% (eight percent) of annual interest, (hereinafter collectively referred to as the  LESSOR s Improvements Expense ) as described in  Exhibit  F .  LESSOR agrees that LESSEE will conduct a final review of the specifications for air-conditioning and electrical work identified in  Exhibit  F   in order to determine if they suit LESSEE s needs. If, based on such review, LESSEE requests changes in the specifications that affect the cost and/or completion timeline, and LESSOR and LESSEE mutually agree to such changes, then an addendum to  Exhibit F  will be executed by the parties and the Additional Rent shall be modified accordingly.  

Los Gastos de Mejoras del ARRENDADOR ser n pagados en 120 (Ciento veinte) amortizaciones que deber n ser cubiertas por el ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR en calidad de Renta Adicional por Mejoras (la   Renta Adicional )  mensualmente durante el T rmino Inicial, junto con la Renta Base, por la cantidad que se determine en el addendum correspondiente. La Renta Adicional  no estar   sujeta a actualizaci n anual seg n se detalla en la Cl usula IV, aunque si estar  sujetaa las mismas penalidades por pago tard o que la Renta Base.  

The LESSOR s Improvements Expense will be covered in 120 (One hundred and twenty) amortizations, therefore LESSEE shall to pay to LESSOR an Additional Rent for Improvements (the  Additional Rent ) on a monthly basis during the Initial Term, together with the Base Rent for the amount determined in the corresponding addendum. The Additional Rent will be  not subject  to the annual increase detailed in Clause IV, but it will be subject to the same late payment fees established for the Base Rent.  

En el suceso de que el ARRENDATARIO ejercite su derecho de prorrogar el t rmino de arrendamiento por un periodo que exceda al necesario para cubrir los Gastos de Mejoras del ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDATARIO ya no deber  de continuar pagando la Renta Adicional, regresando  nicamente al pago de la Renta Base por el resto del T rmino de Arrendamiento.  

In the event that LESSEE exercises its right to extend the Lease Term for a period that exceeds the necessary term to cover the LESSOR s Improvements Expense, LESSEE will no longer continue paying the Additional Rent, returning to the payment of only the Base Rent for the rest of the Lease Term.  

En caso de que este Contrato de Arrendamiento sea concluido antes de que el ARRENDADOR haya cubierto los Gastos de Mejoras del ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDATARIO pagar  al ARRENDADOR el importe no-recuperado (Calculado de restar a las 120 amortizaciones de por los Gastos de Mejoras del ARRENDADOR el n mero de amortizaciones pagadas como Renta Adicional hasta la fecha de terminaci n) junto con la  ltima renta mensual pagadera, sin necesidad de requerimiento formal alguno.  

In the event this Lease Agreement is terminated before LESSOR has fully covered the LESSOR s Improvement Expense, LESSEE shall pay   LESSOR the un-recouped amount (Calculated by deducting from the 120 amortizations of the LESSOR s Improvement Expense the number of amortizations paid as Additional Rent as of the termination date) along with its last payment of monthly rent, without the need of special request.  

H. Adicionalmente a lo establecido en la letra que antecede, el ARRENDADOR ha concedido al ARRENDATARIO la cantidad de $200,000.00 D lares (Doscientos mil D lares, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) para el exclusive fin de mejoramiento del sistema contra incendios del edificio; la cantidad excedente del costo del sistema contra incendios ser  aportada por el ARRENDADOR y pagada por el ARRENDATARIO mediante una Renta Adicional que ser  calculada, cubierta y sancionada bajo las mismas reglas previstas en la secci n anterior de esta Cl usula respecto a los Gastos de Mejoras del ARRENDADOR.   

H. Additionally to what was granted in the previous letter, LESSOR has granted LESSEE the amount of $200,000.00 Dollars (two hundred thousand Dollars, Legal Currency of the United States of America) for the exclusive purpose of improving the Fire Deterrent System of the building; the exceeding amount of the cost of the Fire Deterrent System will be paid by LESSOR and paid by LESSEE as an Additional Rent that will be calculated, covered and sanctioned under the rules provided in the previous section of this Clause regarding the LESSOR s Improvement Expense.  

El ARRENDATARIO ser  responsable del mantenimiento del Sistema Contra Incendios, debiendo mantener una bit cora de mantenimiento a disposici n del ARRENDADOR incluyendo comprobantes de haber realizado el mantenimiento del mismo en la forma y periodicidad necesaria conforme al proveedor y las garant as del sistema.  

LESSEE will be responsible of the maintenance of the Fire Deterrent System, having to keep a maintenance log at LESSOR s disposition, including evidence of having executed its maintenance in the form and regularity necessary according to its supplier and the warranties of the system.  

III.-  T RMINO DEL ARRENDAMIENTO Y FECHA DE INICIO DE VIGENCIA.   

III. LEASE TERM AND COMMENCEMENT DATE.   

A. Contrato de Arrendamiento. Este Contrato estar  en vigor desde la fecha de su suscripci n y continuar  vigente hasta que sea terminado en la forma prevista en el presente. La expresi n  T rmino de Arrendamiento  seg n se utiliza de aqu  en adelante, significar  el per odo completo de ocupaci n del inmueble arrendado.  

A. Lease Agreement. This Lease Agreement shall be effective from the date of execution hereof until the same is terminated as provided hereinafter. The complete period of tenancy of the Leased Property shall be referred to hereinafter as the  Lease Term .  

B. T rmino. El t rmino inicial de arrendamiento ( T rmino Inicial ) ser  forzoso para las partes y comenzar  el d a  1 de septiembre de 2015,  misma fecha que ser  considerada y denominada en lo sucesivo como  Fecha de Entrega  y terminar  el d a  30   de Septiembre de 2028. Los Pagos por concepto de renta empezaran a correr a partir del 1 de enero de 2016,  misma fecha que ser  considerada y denominada en lo sucesivo como  Fecha de Inicio . De conformidad con lo anterior, EL ARRENDATARIO gozar  de la Ocupaci n Ben fica (en lo sucesivo la  Ocupaci n   Ben fica ) de la Propiedad Arrendada del  1 de septiembre de 2015 al 1 de enero de 2016  sin la obligaci n del pago de renta. El T rmino Inicial del Arrendamiento es obligatorio para las partes.  

B. Term. The initial term of this lease ( Initial Term ) will be mandatory for the parties and shall commence on  September 1, 2015,  same date which shall be considered as and hereinafter referred to as  Possession Date  and shall end on  September 30, 2028. Payment of rents will commence as of January 1, 2016,  same date which shall be considered as and hereinafter referred to as the  Commencement Date  Accordingly, LESSEE will have Beneficia Occupancy of the Leased Property  from September 1, 2015 to January 1, 2016,  without the obligation of paying rent. The Initial Term of the Lease will be mandatory for the parties.  

Las partes acuerdan que en la Fecha de Entrega levantaran un acta en los t rminos de la Cl usula I y que, en el suceso de que la Propiedad Arrendada no se encuentre en condiciones de ser entregada al ARRENDATARIO en la  Fecha de Entrega , las fechas establecidas en el p rrafo anterior ser n trasladadas el mismo n mero de d as que resulten necesarios para que inicie la Ocupaci n Ben fica del ARRENDATARIO y la  Fecha de Inicio , comprometi ndose las partes desde este momento a celebrar un Addendum a este Contrato de Arrendamiento en el cual se hagan constar las nuevas fechas bajo las que se regir   
  este contrato.   

The parties agree that on the Possession Date prepare minutes evidencing delivery in the terms of Clause I and that, in case the Leased Property is not in conditions to be delivered to LESSEE on the  Possession Date , the dates established in the previous paragraph will be moved the same number of days that are required for the beginning of LESSEE  s  Beneficial Occupancy and the Commencement Date, agreeing the parties from this moment to execute an Addendum to the Lease Agreement to fix the new dates that will govern this agreement.  

C. A o de Arrendamiento. El t rmino  A o de Arrendamiento  seg n se utiliza de aqui en adelante, significar  un periodo de doce (12) meses consecutivos completos de calendario. El primer A o de Arrendamiento comenzar  en la fecha de Inicio. Cada A o de Arrendamiento posterior, comenzar  a partir del primer aniversario del primer A o de Arrendamiento.  

C. Lease Year. The term  Lease Year  as used herein, shall mean a period of twelve (12) consecutive full calendar months. The first Lease Year shall begin on the Commencement Date Each Lease Year thereafter, shall commence upon the first anniversary of the First Lease Year.  

D. Opci n para Prorrogar. El ARRENDATARIO tiene la opci n de solicitar la renovaci n del Contrato de Arrendamiento en los t rminos, condiciones y rentas establecidos en el presente, por dos (2) periodos adicionales minimo de cinco (5) a os cada uno( Pr rroga ), mediante aviso por escrito dado al ARRENDADOR con no menos de ciento ochenta (180) dias naturales de anticipati n al vencimiento del T rmino Inicial de este Contrato de Arrendamiento o su Pr rroga, seg n sea el caso, siempre y cuando el ARRENDATARIO est  al corriente en el pago de la renta y cualesquier otra obligaci n a su cargo en los t rminos del presente Contrato. Las partes convienen que por falta de notificati n en tiempo y forma para ejercer la Pr rroga aqui referida, se entiende que el ARRENDATARIO no tiene intenci n de extender el T rmino del Arrendamiento y en consecuencia, el ARRENDATARIO, sin que el ARRENDADOR se lo requiera, habr  de proceder, inmediatamente despu s de la expiraci n del T rmino Inicial o de su Pr rroga, seg n sea el caso, a desocupar la Propiedad Arrendada sin mayor tr mite que lo establecido en este contrato.  

D. Option To Extend. LESSEE shall have the right to request the extension of the term of this Lease Agreement upon the terms, conditions and rents set forth herein, for two (2) additional period of a minimum of five (5) years each, ( Extended Term ), by giving written notice to LESSOR not less than one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term of this Lease Agreement or its Extended Term, as the case may be, so long as LESSEE is not then in default in payment of rent or of any other obligation hereunder. The parties hereby agree that by the lack of timely and formal notice to exercise the Extended Term herein referred, is understood that LESSEE does not intend to extend the Lease Term and consequently, LESSEE shall, upon expiration of the Initial Term or the Extended Term, as the case may be, immediately proceed to leave the Leased Property without LESSOR having to request and with no further proceeding than that herein contained.  

La cuota de Renta Base en caso de pr rroga ser  establecida en base a una renta justa de mercado prevaleciente en la zona industrial donde se ubica la Propiedad Arrendada (Submercado de  El Florido  en Tijuana, Baja California, M xico) para edificios equiparables y entorno industrial equiparable. La cuota de renta justa de mercado ser  definida como la renta a la fecha de renovaci n para espacios vacantes en edificios de calidad y antig edad comparable (construidos entre los a os 2014 y 2016) para arrendatarios de dimensiones similares, calidad crediticia y prestigio, considerando a su vez, el tipo y plusvalia del Complejo o Parque Industrial donde se ubiquen y que el edificio cuente con un sistema contra incendios valuado en la cantidad de US$ 200,000.00 D lares. La cuota de renta justa de mercado deber  de considerar en su determinaci n todas las disposiciones de arrendamiento comparables, incluyendo pero no limit ndose, a las disposiciones de mercado para subsidios de mejoras, los costos de adquisici n de arrendatarios, comisiones, renta gratuita, otras concesiones de arrendamiento, plazo de arrendamiento, escalas en la tasa de arrendamiento y gastos de operaci n e impuestos. La renta base determinada para la pr rroga se ajustar  anualmente, durante el t rmino de la misma, de la forma prevista para el t rmino inicial.  

The Base Rent rate in case of an extension will be established according to the prevailing fair market rental rate in the industrial zone where the Leased Property its located (Submarket of  El Florido  Industrial Zone in Tijuana, Baja California, M xico) for similar buildings. The fair market rental rate shall be defined as the rental rate at the time of lease renewal for vacant space in buildings of comparable quality and age (built between the years 2014 and 2016) for tenants of similar size, credit quality and prestige, considering also, the type and added value of the Industrial Park or Complex where its located and that is equipped with a fire deterrent system valued in US $200,000.00 Dollars. The prevailing market rental rate shall consider in its determination all comparable lease provisions, including but not limited, to the market provisions for improvement allowances, tenant procurement costs, commissions, free rent, other lease concessions, lease term, lease rate escalations and operating expenses and taxes. The base rent determined for the extension will be increased annually, during such extension, as provided for every anniversary during initial term.  

Cualquier desavenencia que deriven respecto de la determinaci     n de la cuota de renta justa de mercado y no pueda ser resuelta por las partes despu     s de esfuerzos razonables y con por lo menos 120 (ciento veinte dias) previos al inicio de la prorroga correspondiente, podr      ser resuelta definitivamente seg     n lo acuerden las partes: (i) mediante la intervenci     n del Broker (agente inmobiliario) que particip      en la negociaci     n de este contrato; o, (ii) de acuerdo con las Reglas de Arbitraje del Centro de Arbitraje de M     xico (CAM), por un      rbitro nombrado conforme a dichas Reglas el lugar de arbitraje ser      en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California; el procedimiento ser      ejecutado en idioma espa   ol  ; los costos del arbitraje correr     n en partes iguales entre las partes y el derecho aplicable ser      el marcado por el C     digo Civil Federal de M     xico.   

Any disputes arising in connection with the determination of the Fair Market Rental Rate and that could not be resolved by the parties after reasonable efforts and with at last 120 (one hundred and twenty days) prior to the initiation of the corresponding renewal, could be settled as the parties agree: (i) with the intervention of the Broker that participated in the negotiation of this agreement, or, (ii) under the Rules of Arbitration of the Arbitration Center of Mexico (CAM) by one arbitrator appointed in accordance with the said Rules; the place of arbitration shall be the City of Tijuana, Baja California; the proceeding shall be executed in the Spanish language; the cost of the Arbitration will be charged in equal parts between the parties and the substantive law applicable will be the given by the Federal Civil Code of M xico.  

IV.  RENTA .  

IV.  RENT .  

A. Renta Base. A partir del 1ro de enero de 2016, como  Renta Base  por el arrendamiento de la Propiedad Arrendada, el ARRENDATARIO pagar  mensualmente al ARRENDADOR la cantidad de US$ 0.42 D lares (Cero punto cuarenta y dos D lares, moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) por pie cuadrado de Superficie Arrendable, m s el Impuesto al Valor Agregado que resulte aplicable al momento de pago, pagaderos mensualmente por adelantado al ARRENDADOR en el domicilio del ARRENDADOR.  

A. Base Rent. As from January 1st, 2016, as  Base Rent  for the Lease of the Leased Property during the Initial Term hereof, LESSEE shall pay to LESSOR the monthly amount of US$ 0.42 Dollars (Zero point forty two Dollars, Legal Currency of the United States of America) per square feet of Leasable Area, plus the corresponding Value Added Tax (IVA by its Spanish acronym) at the moment of payment, payable in advance on a monthly basis to LESSOR in LESSOR s address.  

En consecuencia y seg n lo acordado por las partes en la Cl usula I que antecede, la Renta Base que pagar  el ARRENDATARIO a la  Fecha de Inicio  del presente Contrato de Arrendamiento por la Superficie Arrendable inicial de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados, ser  la equivalentes a US$ 14,466.48 D lares (Catorce mil cuatrocientos sesenta y seis D lares 48/100, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica); m s el Impuesto al Valor Agregado que resulte aplicable al momento de pago; pagadera mensualmente por adelantado al ARRENDADOR en el domicilio del ARRENDADOR.  

As consequence and according to what was agreed by the parties in the preceding Clause I, the base rent that will be paid by LESSEE at the Commencement Date, of this Lease Agreement for the initial Leasable Area of 34,444.00 square feet, will be equivalent to US$ 14,466.48 Dollars (Fourteen thousand four hundred and sixty six Dollars 48/100, Legal Currency of the United States of America), plus the corresponding Value Added Tax (IVA by its Spanish acronym) at the moment of payment, payable in advance on a monthly basis to LESSOR in LESSOR s address.  

Si la referida Renta Base no se pagare dentro de los primeros 10 (diez) dias naturales del mes en que son debidos, el ARRENDATARIO incurre en mora y en este acto se obliga a pagar como inter s moratorio, el 10% (diez por ciento) mensual sobre el importe que corresponda.  

If Base Rent is not paid within the first 10 (ten) calendar days of the month in which they are due, LESSEE will be in delinquency of payment and hereby is bound to pay a 10% (ten per cent) monthly late payment fee applicable to the corresponding amount.  

La Renta Base ser  ajustada anualmente conforme se define m s adelante en esta Clausula, en cada aniversario de la Fecha de Inicio.  

The Base Rent shall be adjusted annually in accordance with the Index, as defined in this Clause, on each anniversary of the Commencement Date.  

B. Cuota de mantenimiento. El ARRENDATARIO en este acto acepta y se obliga a pagar una cuota de mantenimiento de la Propiedad Arrendada, a raz n de US$ 0.0266 D lares (Cero punto cero, dos, seis, seis D lares Moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am rica) por pie cuadrado de Superficie Arrendable, que al inicio de este Contrato de Arrendamiento por el      rea inicial de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados, ascienden a US $688.88 D lares (Seiscientos Ochenta y Ocho D lares 00/100, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica), m     s el correspondiente Impuesto al Valor Agregado. El pago del mantenimiento ser      aplicable a      reas comunes por: jardiner a, alumbrado, mantenimiento de calles, acceso controlado al Parque Industrial y recolecci n de basura en las calles principales.   

B. Maintenance Fee. LESSEE hereby agrees and is bound to pay a monthly maintenance fee for the Leased Property, at the rate of US $0.0266 Dollars (Zero point zero, two, six, six Dollars, Legal Currency of the United States of America) per square foot of Leasable Area, which at the commence of this lease for the initial area of 34,444.00 square feet, amounts to US$688.88 Dollars (Six Hundred Eighty Eight Dollars 88/100, Legal Currency of the United States of America), plus the corresponding Value Added Tax. The Maintenance Fee shall be applicable to common areas for: landscaping, lighting, street up-keep, security guards in the Industrial Park controlling Park access and main street litter removal.  

La cuota de mantenimiento se pagar  a partir de la Fecha de Inicio, por anticipado, conjuntamente con la Renta Base que corresponda dentro de los primeros diez (10) dias de cada mes en el que dicha cuota de mantenimiento es debida. Dicha cuota de mantenimiento tambi n ser  ajustada anualmente conforme al  ndice definido en esta Cl usula, en cada aniversario de la Fecha de Inicio.  

The maintenance fee will be payable starting on the Commencement Date in advance, jointly with the corresponding Base Rent, no later than the 10th (tenth) calendar day of each month in which the maintenance fee is due. Such maintenance fee shall also be adjusted annually in accordance with the Index defined on this Clause on each anniversary of the Commencement Date.  

Al igual que la renta, la falta de pago oportuno de la cuota de mantenimiento dentro de los primeros 10 (diez) dias naturales de cada mes en el que es debida, causar  de inmediato que el ARRENDATARIO incurra en mora, quien en este acto se obliga a pagar como inter s moratorio, el 10% (diez por ciento) mensual sobre el importe que corresponda.  

As rent, untimely payment of any maintenance fees within the first 10 (ten) calendar days of each month in which they are due, will immediately cause LESSEE to be in delinquency of payment, and hereby is bound to pay a 10% (ten percent) monthly late payment fee applicable to the corresponding amount.  

C. El pago se har  en D lares, moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am rica, mediante dep sito directo, electr nico o transferencia en el domicilio de la siguiente instituci n de cr dito o del cesionario de los derechos del ARRENDADOR, en los t rminos de este Contrato de Arrendamiento o en el domicilio del ARRENDADOR, conforme a los siguientes datos:  

C. Payment will be performed in Dollars, currency of the United States of America, by means of direct or electronic deposit, or wire transfer in the address of the following credit institution or of the assignee of LESSOR s rights derived under the terms of this Lease Agreement or in the address of LESSOR as per the following information:  

HSBC M xico, S.A., Instituci n Filial del grupo Financiero HSBC (en lo sucesivo,  HSBC ).  

HSBC M xico, S.A., Branch of Grupo Financiero HSBC (hereinafter,  HSBC )  

Titular: Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras, S.A. 
 de C.V. 
 Cuenta: 0647501903 
 Clabe: 021020006475019032  

Holder: Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras, S.A. 
 de C.V. 
 Account: 0647501903 
 Clabe: 021020006475019032  

En caso de que el pago se hiciera con cheque, el mismo se recibir  salvo buen cobro y en los t rminos del art culo 193 de la Ley General de Titulos y Operaciones de Cr dito. En caso de falta de fondos, el ARRENDATARIO deber  indemnizar al ARRENDADOR, de los da os y perjuicios que le ocasione, siendo como minimo el 20% (veinte por ciento) del valor del cheque.  

In the event that payment is performed with a check, the same will be received conditioned to its payment in the terms of article 193 of the General Title and Credit Operations Law. In the event that check has no funds, LESSEE shall indemnify LESSOR of damages caused, with a minimum of 20% (twenty percent) the amount of the check.  

Las facturas correspondientes se entregar     n en la direcci n proporcionada por el ARRENDATARIO en el presente. El ARRENDADOR proporcionar      instrucciones por escrito respecto de cambios en el lugar o forma de pago de las rentas.   

The corresponding invoice would be delivered at the address of LESSEE provided for herein. LESSOR shall provide written instructions regarding any changes in place or manner payment of rents.  

D. Incremento de la Renta Base, la Renta Adicional y la Cuota de Mantenimiento para los a os subsiguientes de Arrendam iento. A partir del primer a o del T rmino Inicial del Arrendamiento, en el primer dfa de dicho a o, asi como de los a os subsecuentes, incluyendo los integrantes de pr rrogas, las cantidades debidas por este contrato ser n incrementadas por un monto equivalente al producto de:  

D. Increase of the Base Rent, the Additional Rent and the Maintenance Fee for the subsequent years of Lease. Starting on the First (1st) year the Initial Lease Term, on the first (1st.) day of such year, and all subsequent years, including term extensions, the amounts dues by this Lease Agreement shall be increased by an amount equal to the product of:  

1. La cantidad objeto de actualizaci n, multiplicada por:  

1. The amount object of actualization, multiplied by:  

2. El porcentaje de incremento en el Indice durante el A o de Arrendamiento inmediato anterior topado al 3.5% (Tres punto cinco por ciento).  

2. The percentage increase in the Index (as hereinafter defined) during the immediatelypreceding Lease Year, capped at 3.5% (three point five percent)  

a) No Decremento. La renta mensual de los a os subsecuentes al Primero y que comprenden el T rmino Inicial de Arrendamiento, en ning n caso ser  menor de la renta mensual del A o de Arrendamiento inmediato anterior.  

a) No Decrease. In no event shall the monthly rent for the years subsequent to the First, and that comprises the Initial Term, be decreased below the monthly rent for the immediately preceding Lease Year.  

b) Indice Definido. El termino  Indice , seg n se utiliza a lo largo del presente Contrato de Arrendamiento significa el indice de Prectos al Consumidor para Todos los Consumidores Urbanos (Todos los Conceptos, Los  ngeles   Riverside   Orange County,  rea de California, 1982-1984=100) seg n publicacion del Departamento de Estadisticas Laborales de los Estados Unidos. Si el control o la publicaci n del Indice es trasferida a cualesquier otro departamento, oficina o agencia del gobierno de los Estados Unidos de Am rica, o si es descontinuado, entonces el indice m s similar al Indice ser  utilizado para calcular el incremento en la renta y cuotas de mantenimiento aqui mencionados. Si el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO no pueden acordaren un indice alterno semejante, entonces el asunto ser  sometido a arbitraje, de la forma prevista en el ultimo p rrafo de la Clausula III de este Contrato. El costo del arbitraje ser  prorrateado en partes iguales entre el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO.  

b) Index Defined. The term  Index  as employed throughout this Lease Agreement, shall mean the Consumer s Price Index For All Urban Consumers (All Items, Los Angeles   Riverside   Orange County, California area, 1982-1984=100) as published by the United States Bureau Of Labor Statistics. If control or publication of the Index is transferred to any other department, bureau or agency of the United States government or is discontinued, then the index most similar to the Index shall be used to calculate the rent and maintenance fees increases provided for herein. If LESSOR and LESSEE cannot agree on a similar alternate index, then the matter shall be submitted to Arbitrations provided in the last paragraph of Clause III of this Contract. The cost of such arbitration shall be divided equally between LESSOR and LESSEE.  

E. Impuesto Predial. El ARRENDATARIO pagar  al ARRENDADOR una cantidad igual a la porci n prorrateada del Impuesto Predial relative a la Superficie de Terreno. Dicho impuesto deber  ser pagado por el ARRENDADOR y reembolsado por el ARRENDATARIO dentro de un termino de cinco (5) dias a partir de la fecha en la cual el comprobante del pago del mismo sea presentado al ARRENDATARIO por el ARRENDADOR.  

E. Real Estate Property Tax. LESSEE will pay to LESSOR an amount equal to the prorated portion of the Real Estate Property Tax related to the Land Surface, such tax shall be paid by LESSOR and reimbursed by LESSEE within five (5) days after the receipt showing the payment thereof is presented to LESSEE by LESSOR.  

Al calcular el monto del reembolso por parte del ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR, todos los impuestos que deber     n ser cubiertos durante el primer y el      ltimo a     o del T rmino de Arrendamiento ser     n prorrateados entre el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO de acuerdo con el n     mero respectivo de meses durante los cuales cada una de las partes estar      en posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada.   

In calculating the amount of LESSEE s reimbursement to LESSOR, all taxes which shall become due for the first and last years of the Lease Term shall be apportioned prorated between LESSOR and LESSEE in accordance with the respective number of months during which each party shall be in possession of the Leased Property.  

F. Da os y Perjuicios. La terminaci n anticipada de este contrato de Arrendamiento por incumplimiento del ARRENDATARIO, en cualesquier moment  previo al T rmino de Arrendamiento, obliga al ARRENDATARIO al pago de da os y perjuicios y por consiguiente, faculta al ARRENDADOR autom ticamente y sin tr mite alguno para aplicar como pago de los da os y perjuicios que estime, todas las cantidades pagadas o depositadas por el ARRENDATARIO, por cualesquier concepto incluyendo pero no limitado a rentas anticipadas o dep sito en garantia, independientemente de cualesquier otro derecho o acci n con que cuente el ARRENDADOR en t rminos de este Contrato y la legislaci n aplicable.  

F. Liquidated Damages. Anticipated termination of this Lease Agreement due to a default of LESSEE at any moment prior to the Lease Term, binds LESSEE to payment of damages and thereby entitles LESSOR to automatically and without and proceeding to apply as estimated damages all sums paid or deposited by LESSEE, for any concept including but not limited to prepaid rent or as a security deposit, in addition to any other rights of LESSOR as provided for herein and in the applicable legislation.  

G. Compensaci n. El pago de cualesquier renta adeudada por el ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR en los t rminos de este Contrato, no podr  retenerse o reducirse por raz n alguna, y el ARRENDATARIO est  de acuerdo en entablar cualesquier reclamaci n, demanda o cualesquier otro derecho contra el ARRENDADOR solamente mediante un procedimiento independiente.  

G. Setoff. The payment of any amount due by the LESSEE under this Agreement, shall not be withheld or reduced for any reason whatsoever, and LESSEE agrees to assert any claim, demand, or other right against LESSOR only by way of an independent proceeding.  

H. Moneda. Los pagos que por concepto de renta, cuotas de mantenimiento, dep sito en garantia o cualesquier otro derivado del presente Contrato ser n pagaderos en D lares, Moneda del Curso Legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica, sin embargo, previa autorizacion que otorgue el ARRENDADOR por escrito, el ARRENDATARIO podr  pagar las cantidades en Pesos, Moneda Nacional al tipo de cambio para fa venta de d lares que prevalezca en la fecha de pago, de acuerdo a la instituci n financiera  HSBC- M xico , dicha autorizaci n previa no ser  necesaria si existiera una dificultad para ejecutar el pago correspondiente debido a politicas estatales.  

H. Currency. Payments for concepts such as rent, maintenance fees, security deposit or any other derived from this Agreement shall be performed in Dollars, Legal Currency of the United States of America, however, written authorization of LESSOR previously provided, LESSEE may pay the amounts in Pesos, Mexican Currency at the free rate of exchange for the sale of dollars prevailing on the date of payment, according to the financial institution  HSBC Mexico , such previous authorization won t be necessary if there is a difficulty to execute the corresponding payment in dollars due to state policies.  

V.   USO  .   

V.  USE .  

La Propiedad Arrendada ser  usada y ocupada para el uso industrial al que se compromete destinarla en la Cl usula I del presente, sin embargo, previa autorizaci n por escrito del ARRENDADOR, la podr  destinar a cualesquier uso industrial permitido por la Ley, que que no se establezca en el Reglamento del Parque Industrial que se agreg  a este Contrato como  Anexo  D .  El ARRENDATARIO se obliga a cumplir en forma puntual y adecuada con todas las Leyes, ordenamientos y disposiciones de todas las autoridades gubernamentales que afecten la Propiedad Arrendada, particularmente con toda la reglamentaci n relacionada con controles ambientales y sanitarios. El ARRENDATARIO no efectuar  u omitir  acto alguno que afecte la Propiedad Arrendada, o que pudiera constituir una amenaza a otros ocupantes del Parque lndustrial.  

The Leased Property shall be used and occupied for the industrial purpose herein agreed to as per Clause I above, however, written authorization from LESSOR provided, it may be destined to any lawful industrial purpose not contemplated in the Industrial Park Regulations that was attached hereto as  Exhibit  D ,  LESSEE shall promptly and adequately comply with all laws, ordinances and orders of all governmental authorities affecting the Leased Property, particularly with all regulations related to sanitary and environmental controls. LESSEE shall not perform or omit any acts that may damage the Leased Property, or be a menace to other occupants of the Industrial Park.  

VI  SEGUROS .  

VI.  INSURANCES .  

En todos los casos, y para todos los seguros que se detallan a    continuaci n, salvo estipulaci n en contrario, el ARRENDATARIO acepta que a partir de la Fecha de Entrega de la Propiedad Arrendada y en todo momenta durante el T rmino de Arrendamiento, seg n se indica a continuaci n, obtendr  y mantendr  vigente, a su propia cuenta y gasto, las p lizas de seguro relacionadas con la Propiedad Arrendada que a continuaci n se detallan y que habr n de asegurar al ARRENDADOR y al ARRENDATARIO, en los siguientes t rminos:  

In all cases, and for all the insurance coverings herein detailed, except where provided to the contrary, LESSEE accepts that as of Possession Date of the Leased Property and at all times throughout the Lease Term, as herein specified, will obtain and maintain in full effect, at its own cost and expense, insurance policies related to the Leased Property herein detailed and that shall cover LESSOR and LESSEE, in the following terms:  

A.  Seguros de Responsabilidad Civil.  Durante el T rmino del Arrendamiento, el ARRENDADOR a costa del ARRENDATARIO, deber  obtener y mantener en vigor, una p liza de seguro de responsabilidad civil, incluyendo da o en propiedad y da o ambiental, que asegure al ARRENDADOR (y a aquellos agentes o empleados del ARRENDADOR, o las subsidiarias o afiliadas del ARRENDADOR o cesionarias del ARRENDADOR o representantes del ARRENDADOR que tengan cualesquier inter s en la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo sin Iimitaci n alguna, los tenedores de cualquier hipoteca que grave la Propiedad Arrendada), contra la responsabilidad por lesi n o muerte de cualquier persona y/o da os en propiedad ajena, ya sea que esto ocurra en la Propiedad Arrendada o cerca de ella. La responsabilidad por dicha p liza ser  la cantidad de US$2 000,000.00 (Dos millones de D lares, Moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica), y deber  estar vigente en o antes de la Fecha de Inicio.  

A.  Comprehensive Liability Insurance.  During the Lease Term, LESSOR at the prorated expense of LESSEE shall obtain and maintain in full force a policy of comprehensive liability insurance policy including property and environmental damage, that insures LESSOR (and such other agents or employees of LESSOR, LESSOR s subsidiaries or affiliates, or LESSOR s assignees or any nominee of LESSOR s holding any interest in the Leased Property, including without limitation, the holder of any mortgage encumbering the Leased Property) against liability for injury or death of any person and/or third parties property damage, occurring in or about the Leased Property. The liability to such insurance shall be in the amount of $2,000,000.00 (Two million Dollars U.S. Currency), and shall be in effect prior to or upon the Commencement Date.  

B.   Seguro contra Incendio y Otros.   Durante el Termino de Arrendamiento el ARRENDADOR a costa del ARRENDATARIO, deber      obtener y mantener en vigor, por el costo total de reposici n de las Mejoras, Instalaciones y Edificaciones del) ARRENDADOR, asi como cualesquier Mejora Contractual una p liza o p lizas de seguro contra incendio, rayo, explosi n, accidentes de aviaci n, humo, tormenta, temblor, granizo, da     os de vehiculos, erupci n volc     nica, huelgas, conmocion civil, vandalismo, motin, acto malicioso, remoci n de escombros, calderas de vapor u objetos de presi n o rotura de maquinaria, si es aplicable, e inundaci n, que proteja la totalidad de la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa el Edificio Duna y su acondicionamiento interior. El ARRENDADOR deber      mantener y obtener a costo prorrateado del ARRENDATARIO un seguro de rentas en una cantidad equivalente a doce (12) meses de renta, seg     n se estipula en el presente, a favor del ARRENDADOR. El ARRENDATARIO ser      responsable de mantener asegurados todos los bienes de su propiedad. Excepto per lo que se refiere a seguros sobre la propiedad del ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR o a quien este designe deber      nombrarse beneficiario de todos y cada uno de los pagos resultantes de tales p lizas y el ARRENDATARIO podr      ser nombrado como asegurado adicional en las p lizas contratadas por el ARRENDADOR bajo este p     rrafo. El ARRENDATARIO ser      responsable de los pagos de dichas p lizas proporcionalmente a la superficie ocupada por la Propiedad Arrendada contra el total de la superficie arrendable del Edificio Duna.   

B.  Fire and Other Insurance.  During the Lease Term, LESSOR at the prorated expense  of LESSEE shall obtain and maintain in full force, for the full replacement value of LESSOR s Improvements, Installations and Buildings as well as all Contractual Improvements, a policy or policies of insurance for fire, lightning, explosion, falling aircraft, smoke, windstorm, earthquake, hail, vehicle damage, volcanic eruption, strikes, civil commotion, vandalism, riots, malicious mischief, debris removal, steam boiler or pressure objects or machinery breakage if applicable, and flood insurance, on all the Leased Property, including but not limited to the shell Duna Building and interior fit-up. LESSOR shall also obtain and maintain at the prorated expense of LESSEE, rental insurance in the amount equal to twelve (12) months of rent, provided for herein in favor of LESSOR. LESSEE shall be responsible for maintaining insurance on all of LESSEE s property. Except for insurance upon LESSEE s property, LESSOR or its appointee shall be named beneficiary of any and all proceeds from any such policy or policies and LESSEE shall be named as additional insured in the policies contracted by LESSOR under this paragraph. LESSEE shall be responsible for the payments of such policies proportionally to the area occupied by the Leased Property versus the total leasable area of the Duna Building. 

C.  Forma v Entrega de P lizas.  Cada p liza de seguro a   que se refieren los p rrafos anteriores ser  expedida en las formas aprobadas por la Secretaria de Hacienda y Cr dito P blico y/o cualesquier autoridad competente y suscrita con una o m s compa ies autorizadas para expedir p lizas de seguros en el Territorio Mexicano y deberan en todo caso estipular que las mismas no estar n sujetas a cancelaci n o modificaci n, sino previa notificati n por escrito al ARRENDADOR.  

C.  Form and Delivery of Policies.  Each insurance policy referred to in the preceding paragraphs shall be in a form approved by the Ministry of Treasury and Public Credit and/or any corresponding authority and written with one or more companies licensed to do insurance in the Territory of the Mexican United States, and shall provide that it shall not be subject to cancellation or change except prior written notice to LESSOR.  

D.  Seguros Adicionales.  El ARRENDATARIO, a su propia costa y gasto, deber  obtener y mantener en vigor durante el T rmino del Arrendamiento, en su beneficio, una p liza de seguro suficiente para asegurar sus contenidos, equipos, instalaciones, insumos, productos y dem s bienes y activos propiedad del ARRENDATARIO, ante cualquier da o, contingencia, cat strofe o afectaci n que pudieren sufrir independientemente de que dichas circunstancias se encuentren o no cubiertas en p liza diversa. De igual forma, el ARRENDATARIO deber  obtener y mantener en vigor aquellos seguros adicionales que el ARRENDADOR requiera, de tiempo en tiempo, de acuerdo con las disposiciones de esta Cl usula VI y con el objeto de asegurar en forma adecuada y oportuna al ARRENDADOR en cuanto al valor de reposici n prevaleciente de la Propiedad Arrendada.  

D.  Additional Insurance.  LESSEE at its own cost and expense, shall obtain and maintain in fail force and effect during the term of the lease agreement, in its exclusive benefit, an insurance policy enough to cover its contents, equipment, installations, supplies, products and all related goods and assets property of LESSEE, against any damage, contingency, disaster or affectation that could be suffered independently that such circumstances are or not covered in a different policy. Under the same terms, LESSEE shall obtain and maintain in full force and effect any additional insurance as may be required by LESSOR, from time to time, in accordance with the provisions of this Clause VI, and in order to adequately and properly insure LESSOR of and for the then current replacement value of the Leased Property.  

E.   Renuncia de Subrogaci n.   Las partes se liberan reciprocamente, y a sus representantes autorizados respectivos, de toda y cualesquier reclamaci n por da     os a cualquier otra persona o a la Propiedad Arrendada y sus accesorios, bienes muebles, mejoras de la arrendataria y cualquier otras mejoras ya sea del ARRENDADOR o del ARRENDATARIO en la propiedad que sean causados por o como resultado de riesgos asegurados en cualesquier p liza de seguro contratada por las partes y en vigor al momento de dicho da     o. En caso de que cualquiera de las partes contrate seguro, la p liza deber  establecer que la compa     ia de seguros renuncia al derecho de recuperar por medio de subrogaci n contra cualquiera de las partes, en relaci n con el da     o cubierto por cualesquier p liza. Si una de las partes no puede obtener dicha renuncia de subrogaci n a trav s de esfuerzos razonables, deber      obtener un seguro nombrando   a     la otra parte como co-asegurada en los t rminos de su p liza para cumplir la intenci n de esta disposici n.   

E.  Waiver of Subrogation.  The parties release each other and their respective authorized representatives, from any claims for damages to any person or to the Leased Property and to the fixtures, personal property, tenant s improvements, and all other improvements of either LESSOR or LESSEE S in or on the premises that are caused by or result from risks insured against under any of the insurance policies carried by the parties and in force at the time of any such damage. If either party purchases insurance, the policy shall provide that the insurance company waives all right of recovery by way of subrogation against either party in connection with any damage covered by any policy. If a party hereto cannot obtain such waiver of subrogation through reasonable efforts, it shall obtain insurance naming the other party as a coinsured under its policy in order to accomplish the intent of this provision.  

F.  Uso del paqo de sequro, liberaci n de responsabilidad y pago del deducible.  Se acuerda que cualquier cantidad recibida por el ARRENDADOR por parte de las correspondientes compa  as de seguros en relaci n a cualesquiera de los seguros contratados de conformidad con esta Cl usula o cualquier otra contenida en este contrato, deber  ser inmediatamente destinada por el ARRENDADOR para llevar a cabo las construcciones y reparaciones necesarias a fin de que la Propiedad Arrendada se encuentre en las mismas condiciones en que fue entregada al ARRENDATARIO. Al momento de recibir las cantidades correspondientes por parte de las compa ias de seguros, el ARRENDATARIO quedar  liberado de cualquier responsabilidad con las mismas, a excepci n de la relacionada con el pago del deducible, mismo que ser  pagado por la parte que haya causado el siniestro, de ser aplicable.  

F.  Use of the insurance payment, liberation of liability, and payment of deductible.  It is hereby agreed that, any amount received by LESSOR from the corresponding insurance companies regarding any and all of the insurances to be hired according to this clause or any other under this agreement, shall be immediately destined by LESSOR to carry out the constructions and repairs as necessary for the Leased Property to have the same conditions that on the delivery of same to LESSEE. At the reception of the corresponding amounts from the relevant insurance companies, LESSEE shall be free from any liability thereof, with the exception of the one related to the payment of the deductible, same that shall be paid by the party that caused the sinister, if applicable.  

VII.  INSTALACIONES POR EL ARRENDATARIO .  

VII.  INSTALLATIONS BY LESSEE .  

A. El ARRENDATARIO a su costa, y siempre en estricta observancia del Reglamento del Parque Industrial y el Manual de Mantenimiento que se agrega al presente marcado como  Anexo  G  , para formar parte integrante del mismo, podr  instalar y remover en la Propiedad Arrendada los accesorios, equipo y muebles que considere necesarios para el desempe o de la actividad industrial que el ARRENDADOR autoriza en los t rminos del presente se ejecute en la Propiedad Arrendada; siempre y cuando sean instalados y retirados sin da ar la integridad estructural de la Propiedad Arrendada, incluidas el Edificio Duna y las Mejoras del Arrendador. Dichos accesorios, equipo y muebles permanecer n propiedad del ARRENDATARIO y deber n ser removidos completamente por el ARRENDATARIO previo al vencimiento del T rmino de Arrendamiento o a la terminaci n anticipada de este Contrato, a menos que el ARRENDATARIO no cumpla con este Contrato de Arrendamiento, en cuyo caso las mismas quedar n en beneficio del ARRENDADOR, libre de todo costo y sin m s formalidad  
  que la notificaci n que por escrito se haga del incumplimiento.   

A. LESSEE may, at its expense, and always in strict observance of the Industrial Park Regulations and the Maintenance Manual attached hereto marked as  Exhibit  G  , and made a part hereof, install and remove on the Leased Property, such trade fixtures, equipment and furniture as it may deem necessary for performance of the industrial activity that LESSOR hereby authorizes under this Agreement to be performed within the Leased Property; provided that such items are installed and are removed without damage to the structural integrity of the Leased Property, including the Duna Building and LESSOR s Improvements. Said trade fixtures, equipment and furniture shall remain LESSEE s property and shall be completely removed by LESSEE on or before the expiration date of the Lease Term or upon anticipated termination hereof, unless LESSEE is in default hereunder, in which case the same will remain in benefit of LESSOR, free of any and all costs without any formalities other than the written notice of default.  

El ARRENDATARIO asimismo, podr  instalar mejoras temporales en el interior del Edificio Duna (en lo sucesivo, las   Mejoras del ARRENDATARIO  ), siempre y cuando dichas mejoras sean instaladas y removidas reparando cualquier da o a las Mejoras del Arrendador. Dichas Mejoras continuar n siendo propiedad del ARRENDATARIO y deber n ser removidas totalmente por el ARRENDATARIO al vencimiento del t rmino de este Contrato o terminaci n anticipada del mismo, salvo que el ARRENDATARIO se encuentre en incumplimiento. El ARRENDATARIO deber  reparar conforme al Manual de Mantenimiento y a su costa, todos los da os ocasionados por la instalaci n o remoci n de accesorios, equipo, muebles o mejoras temporales.  

LESSEE may also install temporary improvements in the interior of the Duna Building (hereinafter referred to as, the   LESSEE s Improvements  ), provided that such improvements are installed and are removed repairing any damage to the LESSOR s Improvements. Such LESSEE s Improvements shall remain property of LESSEE and shall be completely removed by LESSEE on or before the expiration date of the Lease Term or upon anticipated termination hereof, unless LESSEE is in default hereunder. LESSEE shall repair in accordance to the Maintenance Manual and at its own cost, all damages caused for the installation or removal of trade fixtures, equipment, furniture or temporary improvements.  

Convienen las partes que en caso de que los accesorios, equipo, muebles y las mejoras llevadas a cabo por El ARRENDATARIO, permanezcan en la Propiedad Arrendada, no obstante la obligaci n aqu  asumida por el ARRENDATARIO, por un plazo de quince (15) dias naturales, contados a partir de que haya terminado el presente por la causa que fuere, las mismas quedaran en beneficio del ARRENDADOR, libre de todo costo y sin que medie procedimiento alguno para ello, sin perjuicio de que el ARRENDATARIO est  obligado al pago de su remoci n, en su caso y sin perjuicio de cualesquier acci n que se pueda  

The parties agree that in the event that the trade fixtures, equipment, furniture and temporary improvements performed by LESSEE, remain within the Leased Property, notwithstanding the obligation herein assumed by LESSEE, for a period of fifteen (15) calendar days as of the date of termination hereof, regardless of the cause of such termination, the same will remain in benefit of LESSOR, free of any and all costs, without the need of any proceeding for such purpose, notwithstanding the fact that LESSEE is obligated to pay for their removal when applicable and notwithstanding any other actions that may be filed.  

VIII.   REPARACIONES, ALTERACIONES Y MEJORAS  .   

VIII.  REPAIRS, ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS .  

A. ARRENDADOR.  

A. LESSOR  

1. Despu s de recibir notificaci n por escrito del ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR, a su costa deber , interfiriendo lo menos posible con el ARRENDATARIO en el uso normal de la Propiedad Arrendada, proceder en forma diligente a reparar cualesquier defecto estructural en el techo o paredes de soporte exteriores del Edificio Duna construidas por el ARRENDADOR, excepto el uso normal, deterioro y da os. El ARRENDADOR no ser  responsable de da o alguno y no estar  obligado a reparar ninguno delos da os causados por negligencia u omisi n del ARRENDATARIO, o los que a continuaci n se se alan de manera enunciativa y no limitativa, sus empleados, agentes, invitados o contratistas. El ARRENDADOR no tendr  obligaci n adicional alguna de mantenimiento o reparaci n de cualquier otra porci n de la Propiedad Arrendada. El ARRENDADOR no ser  responsable ante el ARRENDATARIO por cualesquier da o que resultare del incumplimiento por parte del ARRENDADOR de hacer las reparaciones, salvo que el ARRENDATARIO haya notificado por escrito con acuse de recibo al ARRENDADOR de la necesidad de tales reparaciones, y el ARRENDADOR, por causas que le sean directamente imputables, no haya iniciado tales reparaciones dentro del t rmino de diez (10) d as naturales siguientes a la notificaci n. Cualesquier gotera en el techo ocasionada por defecto de construcci n ser  reparada por el ARRENDADOR excepto cuando sean por causa de acciones u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO. Sin embargo, se entiende que cualesquier da o causado por motive de dichas goteras tanto a los materiales oal equipo o a cualquier posesi n del ARRENDATARIO no ser  responsabilidad del ARRENDADOR. En consecuencia el ARRENDATARIO deber  mantener vigente una p liza de seguro que cubra tales bienes, y libere al ARRENDADOR de cualesquier responsabilidad que se menciona, de conformidad con la Cl usula VI anterior.  

1. After receipt of written notice from LESSEE, LESSOR at its expense shall with minimum interference of LESSEE s normal use of the Leased Property, diligently proceed to repair any structural defects in the roof or exterior bearing walls of the Duna Building, built by LESSOR, excepting normal use, wear and damage. LESSOR shall not be liable for any damages, and shall not be obligated to make any repairs, caused by any negligent act or omissions of LESSEE, and the following which include but are not limited to its employees, agents, invitees, or contractors. LESSOR shall have no other obligation to maintain or repair any other portion of the Leased Property. LESSOR shall not be liable to LESSEE for any damage resulting from LESSOR s failure to make repairs, unless LESSEE has provided written notice with receipt acknowledgement to LESSOR of the need for such repairs, and LESSOR, for causes directly attributable to LESSOR, has failed to commence such repairs within ten (10) calendar days after said notice has been given. Any leaks in the roof resulting from construction defects will be repaired by LESSOR unless the same are caused by any actions or omissions of LESSEE. However, it is understood that any damages caused by any such leaks either to the materials or equipment or any property of LESSEE shall not be the responsibility of LESSOR. Consequently LESSEE shall maintain an insurance policy to cover any such items, and releases LESSOR of any liability thereof pursuant with Clause VI above.  

2. En caso de que el ARRENDADOR no lleve acabo las reparaciones a que se refiere el p rrafo anterior, el ARRENDATARIO podr , sin que le sea obligatorio, efectuar o hacer los arreglos necesarios para que se efect en tales reparaciones y el ARRENDADOR deber , al requerirsele, pagar de inmediato el costo de las reparaciones realizadas. La falta de reembolso al ARRENDATARIO, una vez requerido el mismo, hace acreedor al ARRENDATARIO a una tasa de inter s del diez (10) por ciento mensual a partir del d cimo dia de haber requerido el rembolso de gastos del ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR y hasta que dicho pago sea cubierto en su totalidad.  

2. If LESSOR fails to make the repairs described in the preceding paragraph, LESSEE may, but shall not be required to, make or cause such repairs to be made, and LESSOR shall, on demand, immediately pay to LESSEE the actual cost of repairs performed. Failure to reimburse LESSEE upon demand shall entitle LESSEE to interest at the rate of ten (10) percent a month as of the tenth day of request of reimbursement provided by LESSEE to LESSOR, until the reimbursement of cost incurred by LESSEE.  

B. ARRENDATARIO.   

B. LESSEE  

1. El ARRENDATARIO, a su costa, deber  conservar y mantener en buenas condiciones y reparar, conforme a lo establecido en el Manual de Mantenimiento excepto por cuanto hace el uso y deterioro normal, todas las partes de la Propiedad Arrendada que no sean obligaci n del ARRENDADOR en t rminos de la presente Cl usula, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y nolimitativa las dem s Mejoras del Arrendador y lasMejoras del Arrendatario, asi como las instalaciones de plomer a y drenaje y otros servicios que se encuentren dentro y sirven a la Propiedad Arrendada, enseres, divisiones, cielos ,paredes (interiores y exteriores incluyendo pintura, tantas veces como sea necesaria), pisos, anuncios, puertas, ventanas, cristales, implementos de acondicionamiento t rmico y todas las dem s reparaciones de cualquier tipo y motivo que sea necesario hacer a la Propiedad Arrendada. El ARRENDATARIO, a su costa, reparar  todas las goteras en techos excepto aquellas causadas por defectos estructurales o defectos en la construcci n de los mismos. Las instalaciones de plomeria y drenaje no podr n serusadas para fines diversos a aquellos para las que fueron implementadas, en el entendido de que toda descarga a la red Principal del Parque Industrial necesariamente tendr  que ser tratada previamente por el ARRENDATARIO para cumplircon la NOM-002-SEMARNAT-1996, Que establece los limites m ximos permisibles de contaminantes en las descargas de aguasresiduales a los sistemas de alcantarillado. El costo de cualquier descompostura, obstaculizaci n o da o resultante de una violaci n a esta estipulaci n ser  pagado por el ARRENDATARIO. El ARRENDATARIO almacenar  toda clase de basura solo de manera temporal dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada de conformidad con el Reglamento del Parque Industrial, y deber  proveer para la recolecci n regular de la basura a costa del ARRENDATARIO.  

1. LESSEE, at its expense, shall keep and maintain in good order and repair, except for normal wear and tear, as determined in the Maintenance Manual all of the Leased Property, that is not within LESSOR s obligations in the terms of this Clause, including but not limited to the rest of LESSOR s Improvements and LESSEE s Improvements as well as plumbing, sewage and other services that are within and that serve the Leased Property, as well as fixtures, partitions, walls (interior and exterior, including painting as often as necessary), floors, ceilings, signs, doors, windows, plate glass, thermal conditioning implements and all other repairs of all kinds and for all causes as necessary to perform on the Leased Property. LESSEE at its expense shall repair all leaks in roofs except those of a structural nature or caused by construction defects. The plumbing and sewage facilities shall not be used for any other purpose than that for which they were installed, in the understanding that all discharges into the Industrial Park s main sewage line shall necessarily be treated previously by LESSEE in compliance with NOM-002-SEMARNAT-1996, which establishes the maximum permitted limits of pollutants in residual water discharges into the sewage systems. Any modification to the existing system shall require written authorization of LESSOR. The expense of any breakage, stoppage or damage resulting from a violation of this provision, shall be borne by LESSEE. LESSEE shall store all trash only temporarily within Leased Property in accordance with the Park Rules and Regulations, and shall arrange for the regular pick-up of trash at LESSEE s expense. LESSEE shall only store trash or scrap within the Leased Property on a temporary basis and in accordance with the terms of the Industrial Park Regulations, with LESSEE having to make arrangements for its regular and periodic collection at its own cost.  

El ARRENDATARIO, sols estar  autorizado a descargar vol menes de agua que sean concordanates con la capacidad autorizada al ARRENDADOR por las Autoridades Competentes en materia de Aguas Nacinales y dentro de los horarios que para tal efecto autorice por escrito el ARRENDADOR al momento de inciar con descargas distintas a las sanitarias. A partir de la autorizaci n por escrito que emita el ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDATARIO podr  descargar aguas residuales inherentes a su actividad productiva, de forma diaria, hasta por la cantidad de 0.85 (cero punto ochenta y cinco) litros por Segundo, que pueden aumentarse sin necesidad de modificaciones de infraestructura hasta 1 (un) litro por Segundo. EI ARRENDATARIO durante los 60 (sesenta) d as naturales siguientes a la fecha de la autorizaci n se alada, deber  instalar un medidor para verficar que sus vol menes de descarga cumplen con lo establecido en este p rrafo.  

LESSEE will only be authorized to discharge volumes of water according to the authorized capacity to LESSOR by the authorities in matters of national waters and only during the schedules authorized to such effect by LESSOR in writing at the moment of the discharge of water different than standard sanitary discharges. Following the written authorization given by LESSOR, LESSEE shall be allowed to discharge residual water resulting of its productive activity, on a daily basis up to the maximum amount of 0.85 (zero point eighty five) liters per second, that can be upgraded without need of changes of infrastructure up to 1 (one) liter per second LESSEE during the 60 (sixty) natural days following to such authorization shall install a meter to verify that its discharge volumes comply with what is established herein.  

El ARRENDATARIO solo podr      descargar vol     menes superiores a los referidos en el p rrafo anterior, previa autorizaci n por escrito del ARRENDADOR, misma que estar      sujeta a la capacidad t cnica y de infraestructura del ARRENDADOR y al pago de los derechos de conexion correspondientes ante las Autoridades Competentes en materia de Agua; cualquier acci n, instalaci n, procedimiento o autorizaci n legal requeridos a consecuencia de la solicitud del ARRENDATARIO, correra a cuent      y gasto del ARRENDATARIO.   

LESSEE may only discharge higher quantities than the foregoing with previous written authorization by LESSOR, subject to the technical capacity of LESSOR and the payment of the legal fees due to the Water Authorities; any action, installation, procedure or legal authorization required as consequence of LESSEE s request, shall be at cost and expense of LESSEE.  

EI ARRENDATARIO no podra en forma alguna almacenar cualesquier clase de basura o desecho de procesos dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada, a excepci n de los espacios designados para ello en t rminos del Reglamento del Parque Industrial, debiendo hacer los arreglos necesarios para su recoleccion regular y periodica a costa del ARRENDATARIO. EI ARRENDATARIO no debera incinerar material alugno, incluyendo basura de especie alguna en la Propiedad Arrendada o en el Parque Industrail o cerca de  l. EI ARRENDATARIO debe mantener todas las partes de la Propieded Arrendada y aquellas  reas adjuntas de la Propiedad Arrendada en condiciones de limpieza, aseo y orden, libre de baura, desecho de procesos, escombro y obstrucci n en t rminus del referido Reglamento del Parque Industrial. EI ARRENDATARIO bajo ninguna circunstancia, deber  estacionar o permitir que sus empleados, agentes, comisionisats, proveedores o contratistas estacionen vehiculos, camiones o tr ileres o que realicen maniobras inciuyendo pero no limitado a las de carga y descarga de materiales a lo largo de las avenidas, calles o  reas comunes del Parque Industrial.  

LESSEE shall not store any type of trash or waste from the manufacturing process within the Leased Property, with the exception of the areas designated for such purposes in the terms of the Industrial Park Regulations. LESSEE may not incinerate any materials or trash in our about the Leased Property or the Industrial Park. LESSEE must maintain all parts of the Leased Property and those areas adjoining the Leased Property in a neat, clean and orderly condition, free of garbage, scrap, debris and obstruction in terms of the Industrial Park Regulations. LESSEE shall not under any circumstances park its vehicles or allow its employees, agents, commissioners, suppliers or contractors to park its vehicles, trucks or trailers along the avenues, streets or common areas, or that they perform operations, including but not limited to, mounting and dismounting of materials through the avenues, streets or common areas of the Industrial Park.  

2. El ARRENDATARIO mantendr      la Propiedad Arrendada libre de todo gravamen o embargo que resulte de actos u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO, inciuyendo aquellos derivados de sus relaciones laborales o relaciones con agentes, comisionistas, etc., y actos o de la construcci n hecha u ordenada por el ARRENDATARIO. Sin embargo, si por cualesquier raz n, particularmente obligaciones incurridas por el ARRENDATARIO con cualquier tercero, o cualesquier otro acto u omisi n del ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR es hecho responsable o involucrado en litigio, el ARRENDATARIO mantendr      a salvo e indemnizar      al ARRENDADOR, inciuyendo cualesquier costo, gasto y honorarios de abogados en que incurra en raz n de lo anterior. En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO no libere totalmente cualquiera de dichos grav     menes o embargo dentro de los treinta (30) dias naturales siguientes a la fecha de su constituci n, o no proporcione una fianza aceptable al ARRENDADOR, a su elecci n en caso de litigio, el ARRENDADOR podr     , a su opci n, pagar todo o parts del mismo. En caso de que el ARRENDADOR pague tal gravamen o embargo, o una parte del mismo, el ARRENDATARIO debera,a solicitud del ARRENDADOR, pagar deinmediato al ARRENDADOR el monto de lopagado, junto con intereses a raz n del diez porciento   (10%)     mensual a partir de la fecha depago. Ning     n gravamen o embargo derivado deactos u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO deber      en forma alguna gravar o afectar los derechos del ARRENDADOR sobre la Propiedad Arrendada.   

2. LESSEE shall keep the Leased Property free and clear of all encumbrances and liens arising out of acts or omissions of LESSEE, including those that are consequence of its labor relations or relations with agents, commissioners, etc., and acts or construction done or ordered by LESSEE. However, if for any reason, particularly obligations incurred by LESSEE with any third party, or any other act or omission by LESSEE, LESSOR is made liable or involved in litigation, LESSEE shall hold harmless and indemnify LESSOR including any costs and expenses, and attorney s fees incurred by reason thereof. Should LESSEE fail to fully discharge any such encumbrances or liens within thirty (30) days after the date the same appears of record or fail to provide a bond acceptable to LESSOR, LESSOR, at its option, may pay all or any part thereof. If LESSOR pays any such lien or encumbrances or any part thereof, LESSEE shall, on demand, immediately pay LESSOR the amount so paid, together with interest at the rate of ten percent  (10%)    per month from the date of payment. No lien or encumbrance any character whatsoever created by and act or omission by LESSEE shall in any way affect the rights of LESSOR regarding clear title to the Leased Property.  

3. El ARRENDATARIO, a su costo, deber  mantener vigente en todo tiempo, una p liza de  mantenimiento  por el equipo proporcionado por el ARRENDADOR inciuyendo de maneraenunciativa y no limitative, el equipo derefrigeraci n y aire acondicionado, airecomprimido e instalaciones el ctricas queincluyan subestaciones el ctricas y alumbradoexterior e interior; el ARRENDATARIO entregar  al ARRENDADOR una copia de la p liza demantenimiento dentro de los veinte (20) dias naturales siguientes a la Fecha de Inicio deconformidad con el Manual de Mantenimiento. De igual forma el ARRENDATARIO a partir del tercer a o de arrendamiento dar  mantenimiento peri dico a los techos de la Propiedad Arrendada y al sistema de climatizaci n y aire acondicionado.  

3. LESSEE, at its expense, shall have active all the time a  maintenance  policy, for the all The equipment provided by LESSOR such as but not limited to refrigeration and air conditioning equipment, compressed air and electrical equipment and installations that include electrical substations and external and internal lighting; LESSEE shall deliver to LESSOR a copy of the maintenance policy, within 20 days following Commencement Date in compliance with the Maintenance Manual. In the same manner, LESSEE, as from the third lease year, will give periodic maintenance to the roof of the Leased Property and to the Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning .  

4. Cualesquier trabajo que el ARRENDATARIO pretenda iniciar en los t rminos del presents p     rrafo, requerir      la notificaci n por escrito del ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR con por lo menos diez (10) dias naturales de anticipaci n a aquel en que pretenda iniciar. Trat     ndose de trabajos que impliquen cualesquier construcci n estructural, alteraci n, mejora o adici n, incluyendo pero no limitado a, las paredes exteriores y techo de la Propiedad Arrendada, independientemente de su costo, el ARRENDATARIO requerir      adem     s de lo anterior presentar al ARRENDADOR igualmente con por lo menos diez (10) dias naturales de anticipaci n a aquel en que pretenda iniciar los mismos, los planos, especificaciones y licencia de construcci n (de requerirse). El ARRENDADOR los analizar      y resolver      respecto de la autorizaci n dentro de los diez (10) dias siguientes, que en su caso entregar      por escrito, y sin la cual el ARRENDATARIO no podr      hacer construcci n, alteraci n, mejora o adici n alguna incluyendo pero no limitado a las paredes exteriores y techo de la Propiedad Arrendada. En cualquier caso, el ARRENDATARIO reparar      cualquier da     o a los pisos, paredes, techo, mamparas o cualesquier trabajo de madera, piedra o herreria en o alrededor de la Propiedad Arrendada, en relaci n con los trabajos aqui referidos, de acuerdo con el Manual de Mantenimiento.   

4. Any and all works that LESSEE intends to initiate in the terms of this paragraph, shall require written notice from LESSEE to LESSOR with at least ten (10) calendar days in advance to that in which it intends to initiate. When dealing with works that require any structural construction, alterations, improvements or additions, including but not limited to, the exterior walls and roof of the Leased Property, regardless of its cost, LESSEE shall require in addition to the above, to present LESSOR, also with at least ten (10) days in advance to that in which it intends to initiate, layouts, specifications and construction license (if applicable). LESSOR will analyze and will resolve with respect to authorization within the ten (10) days following the request, in which case, if granted it will be delivered in writing and without which LESSEE cannot perform any construction, alterations, improvements or additions including but not limited to the exterior walls and roof of the Leased Property . In any event LESSEE shall repair any damage to any floors, walls, ceilings, partitions, or any wood, stone or ironwork on or about the Leased Property in connection with the works herein referred and in accordance with the Maintenance Manual.  

En t rminos de lo anterior, queda claramente entendido que mediante la aprobaci n de los planos y especificaciones de cualesquier construcci n, alteraciones, mejoras o adiciones, el ARRENDADOR no asume responsabilidad alguna por el cumplimiento t cnico del proyecto o las obras, con los t rminos y especificaciones que se establecen en los lineamientos contenidos en el Reglamento del Parque Industrial.  

In terms of the above, it is clearly understood that by approving the layouts and specifications of any construction, alterations, improvements or additions, LESSOR does not assume any responsibility in regards to compliance of the technical project or of the works, with the terms and specifications established in the guidelines contained in the Industrial Park Regulations.  

IX.  SERVICfOS P BLICOS.   

IX.  UTILITY SERVICES.   

Durante el T rmino de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, el ARRENDATARIO deber  pagar de inmediato y puntualmente todos y cada uno de los setvicios p blicos y cualesquiera otros proporcionados a la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa,   cargos por servicio de agua, gas, electricidad, tel fono y recolecci n de basura. Todos los contratos necesarios para la instalaci n de cualesquier servicio a la Propiedad Arrendada, cuotas por concepto de conexi n de agua, drenaje y tel fono si las hubiere, asi como cualquier cargo por la instalaci n de KVAs por la Comisi n Federal de Electricidad y sus cuotas de conexi n y cargos por uso ser n pagadas en su totalidad por el ARRENDATARIO.  

During the term of this Lease Agreement, LESSEE shall immediately and timely pay for any and all public and other utilities and related services furnished to the Leased Property, including but not limited to, water, gas, electricity, telephone and trash pick-up charges. All contracts   necessary for the installation of any services to the Leased Property, water, drainage and telephone hook-up fees if any, as well as any KVA installation charge by the Mexican Federal Electricity Commission and its electricity hook-up fees usage charge will be covered by in full by LESSEE.  

El ARRENDATARIO deber      pagar al ARRENDADOR la cantidad de US   $19,519.00 D lares   (diecinueve mil quinientos diecinueve D lares, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) por concepto de derechos de conexi n de agua potable y drenaje, que fueron previamente cubiertos por el ARRENDADOR ante las autoridades competentes y que sirven para cubrir las necesidades de una planta de 300 empleados; la incorporaci n de procesos con consumo de agua o el incremento de empleados por parte del ARRENDATARIO obligar  a que este tenga que cubrir de forma adicional los derechos de conexi n neces     rios para atender sus necesidades.   

LESSEE shall pay to LESSOR the amount of US  $19,519.00  Dollars (Nineteen thousand five hundred and nineteen Dollars, Legal Currency of the United States of America) for water hook up and drainage fees, that were previously paid by LESSOR to the competent authorities and that cover the need of a plant of 300 employees; the incorporation of water consuming processes or the Increase of employees by LESSEE will oblige LESSEE to cover additionally the connection fees necessary to tend its needs.  

Igualmente, en caso de que la capacidad instalada o disponible de cualesquier servicio como puede ser de manera enunciativa y no limitativa, los derechos de conexi n, capacidad de suministro y uso de agua potable, drenaje, KVAs en la Propiedad Arrendada sea insuficiente, el ARRENDATARIO a su cuenta y gasto har  las adecuaciones necesarias quedando estas en beneficio de la Propiedad Arrendada sin costo ni formalidad alguna adicional a lo que requiera el proveedor, excepto los derechos de KVA s adicionales pagados por el ARRENDATARIO que continuar n en su propiedad. Igualmente cuando las rnismas excedan el requerimiento del ARRENDATARIO, ser  su responsabilidad y bajo su cuenta y gasto realizar cualquier ajuste al efecto, asi como la restituci n a la capacidad original que recibi , una vez que por la causa que fuere se d  por terminado el presente Contrato.  

Also, in the event that the installed or available capacity of any service including but not limited to water and sewage connection rights and capacity of supply and usage of potable water, drainage, KVA s in the Leased Property is insufficient, LESSEE at its own cost and expense will perform necessary adjustments, same which will remain in benefit of the Leased Property free of any cost and without any formalities other than those required by the service provider excepting the additional KVA rights paid by LESSEE that will continue as LESSEE s property. Also, when the same exceeds the requirements of LESSEE, it will be its responsibility and under its own cost and expense, to perform any adjustment to the effect as well as the restitution to the original capacity received, once that, for any reason this Agreemet is terminated.  

X.  DERECHO DE PASO.   

X.  RIGHT OF WAY.   

En este acto se le otorga al ARRENDADOR derecho de paso sobre, a trav s y por debajo de la Propiedad Arrendada, para entrar, salir, hacer instalaciones, reposiciones, reparaciones y mantenimiento de todos los servicios, inciuyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa agua, gas, tel fono y cualesquiera otros sistemas de electricidad, asi como servicios de antenas de radiocomunicaci n y televisi n que sirvan a la Propiedad Arrendada. En virtud de este derecho de paso, queda expresamente permitido a cualquier compa ia de tel fonos, agua y drenaje y/o electricidad la instalaci n y mantenimiento de postes y otro equipo necesario en la Propiedad Arrendada; en el entendido que al ejercitar cualquier derecho otorgado al ARRENDATARIO en esta Cl usula, el ARRENDADOR conviene en causar solamente la interferencia minima a la posesi n y uso de la Propiedad Arrendada por parte del ARRENDATARIO.  

LESSOR is hereby granted a right-of-way upon, across, and under the Leased Property to enter, exit, make installations, replacements, repair and maintain all utilities, including but not limited to water, gas, telephone, all electricity and any television or radio antenna system serving the Leased Property. By virtue of this right-of-way it   shall be expressly permissible for the electrical and/or telephone companies to erect and maintain the necessary poles and other necessary equipment on the Leased Property; provided, that in exercising any right LESSEE may have under this Clause, LESSOR agrees to cause only a minimum interference with LESSEE s use and possession of the Leased Property.  

XI. CESI N Y SUBARRENDAMIENTO.   

XI. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING.   

A. El ARRENDATARIO tendr  el derecho, mediante autorizaci n previa y por escrito del ARRENDADOR, de sub-arrendar, ceder o transferir este Contrato de Arrendamiento o cualesquier inter s en el mismo, o permitir el uso de la Propiedad Arrendada, siempre y cuando el ARRENDATARIO se encuentre al corriente en el cumplimiento de sus pagos de rentas u otras obligaciones. No se requerir  la autorizaci n previa del ARRENDADOR si el sub-arrendamiento, cesi n o transferencia y/u otorgamiento de uso, fuere a una empresa matriz, subsidiaria o filial del ARRENDATARIO. En caso de dicha cesi n, traspaso o subarrendamiento, el ARRENDATARIO y quien otorgue la Garantia a que se refiere la Cl usula XXVI N del presente, seguir n siendo responsables de todas sus obligaciones establecidas en el presente Contrato de Arrendamiento.  

A. LESSEE shall have the right, upon prior written authorization from LESSOR, to sub-lease, assign or transfer this Lease Agreement or any interest therein or to permit the use of the Leased Property, provided, however, that LESSEE is not in default in the payment of rents or other obligations. No authorization will be required from LESSOR if the sub-lease, assignment, transfer and/or granting of use were to a parent, subsidiary or affiliate of LESSEE. In the event of any such assignment, transfer or sublease, LESSEE and Guarantor referred to in Clause XXVI N herein, shall remain liable for all its obligations under this Lease Agreement.  

B. El ARRENDADOR tendr  derecho a ceder una o varias veces, de tiempo en tiempo, todos o cualesquiera de los derechos y obligaciones del ARRENDADOR en este Contrato de Arrendamiento, o cualquier inter s en el mismo, siempre y cuando dicha cesi n no afecte los derechos del ARRENDATARIO derivados del presente y que el ARRENDADOR contin e obligado al cumplimiento de todas y cada una de sus obligaciones derivadas de este Contrato de Arrendamiento. En caso de cualquier cesi n o cesiones, el ARRENDATARIO no podr  disminuir o retener el pago de las rentas pagaderas confomne a este Contrato, entablando directamente en contra del cesionario cualquier defensa, compensaci n o contrademanda que el ARRENDATARIO pueda tener en contra del ARRENDADOR o de cualquier otra persona. Sin embargo, el ARRENDATARIO especificamente renuncia en este acto, con relaci n a la retenci n de la renta, a cualesquier providencia cautelar que garantice el pago de reclamaciones, en los t rminos establecidos por el C digo Civil y el C digo de Procedimientos Civiies del Estado de Baja California.  

B. LESSOR shall have the right to assign and reassign, from time to time, any or all of the rights and obligations of LESSOR in this Lease Agreement or any interest therein, provided that no such assignment or reassignment shall impair any of the rights of LESSEE herein, and provided further, that LESSOR shall remain liable for all of its obligations under this Lease Agreement. In the event of such assignment or reassignment, LESSEE shall not diminish or withhold any of the rents payable hereunder by asserting against such assignee any defense, setoff, or counterclaims which LESSEE may have against LESSOR or any other person. However, LESSEE hereby specifically waives, with respect to withholding of rent, any preventive measures to guarantee payment of a claim, in the terms provided by the   Civil Code and the Code of Civil Proceedings both from the State of Baja California.  

XII.  SUBORDINACI N.   

XII.  SUBORDINATION .  

Durante el t rmino de este Contrato de Arrendarniento, el ARRENDADOR tendr  el derecho de gravar los derechos que tiene sobre la Propiedad Arrendada o en este Contrato para los efectos que considere convenientes y el ARRENDATARIO deber  subordinar y en este acto subordina sus derechos en este Contrato y en la Propiedad Arrendada a dicho gravamen. Sin embargo, en el caso de que dichos grav menes sean hechos efectivos o ejecutados judicialmente, el titular de los derechos derivados del gravamen deber  convenir en respetar este Contrato y aceptar el cumplimiento por parte del ARRENDATARIO de las obligaciones a que el mismo se refiere. El ARRENDATARIO deber  celebrar aquellos convenios que el ARRENDADOR solicite para confirmar esta subordinaci n, siempre que el ARRENDATARIO conserve sus derechos bajo este Contrato de Arrendarniento, y presentar cualesquier informaci n financiera que se requiera en forma normal por cualesquier instituci n fiduciaria,  
  banco o cualquier otra instituci n de cr dito reconocida.   

During the term of this Lease Agreement, LESSOR shall have the right to encumber its interest in the Leased Property or in this Lease Agreement for any purpose it deems convenient and LESSEE shall and hereby does subordinate its interest in this Lease Agreement and in the Leased Property to such encumbrances. However, in the event such encumbrances are foreclosed upon or judicially enforced, the one who holds the encumbrance shall agree to respect this Lease Agreement and accept the performance by LESSEE of its obligation hereunder. LESSEE shall execute any agreement which may be required by LESSOR in confirmation with such subordination, provided LESSEE maintains is rights under this Lease Agreement, and submit whatever public finance data may normally be requested by any trust insurance, bank or other recognized lending institution.  

Una vez que el ARRENDADOR notifique por escrito al ARRENDATARIO que aquel ha cedido sus derechos sobre este Contrato a una instituci n financiera como garantia de cualquier deuda u otra obligaci n del ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDADOR no tendr  derecho a modificar este Contrato con el objeto de reducir la renta, disminuir el t rmino o modificar o rehusar cualquier obligaci n substancial del ARRENDATARIO sin el consentimiento por escrito por parte de tal instituci n financiera. Dicha obligaci n continuar  hasta en tanto la instituci n financiera haya notificado al ARRENDATARIO, por escrito, que dicha cesi n ha sido terminada, en el entendido de que si el ARRENDADOR no obtiene la autorizaci n de dicha instituci n financiera para llevar a cabo lo anterior, la modificaci n de los t rminos anteriormente establecidos no tendr  ning n efecto contra la instituci n financiera. Adem s, en caso de que la instituci n financiera notifique por escrito al ARRENDATARIO que las rentas aqui convenidas deber n ser pagadas directamente a dicha instituci n financiera o a su representante, el ARRENDATARIO estar  obligado a pagar a dicha instituci n financiera o a su representante cada una de las rentas mensuales subsecuentes que venzan de acuerdo con este Contrato (asi como, en su caso, aquellas rentas no pagadas y vencidas con anterioridad, con los consecuentes intereses moratorios), hasta la fecha en que la instituci n financiera notifique al ARRENDATARIO su autorizaci n para que las rentas se paguen al ARRENDADOR o a cualquier otra persona que tenga derecho de recibirlas. El ARRENDATARIO entiende y est  de acuerdo en que con excepci n del dep sito en garantia a que se refiere el presente Contrato, en la Cl usula XXVI F, el ARRENDADOR no podr  cobrar por adelantado m s de un (1) mes de renta y el ARRENDATARIO, a solicitud del ARRENDADOR proporcionar  un documento manifestando que no ha efectuado pagos por adelantado; este documento ser  obligatorio para el ARRENDATARIO en relaci n con la instituci n financiera a la que este Contrato se ceda. Asimismo, la instituci n financiera no quedar  obligada a reconocer aquellos pagos hechos por el ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR despu s de que el ARRENDATARIO haya recibido la notificaci n que lo obligue a hacer los pagos a dicha instituci n financiera.  

Once LESSOR shall have notified LESSEE in writing that the former has assigned its interest in this Lease Agreement to any lending institution as security for a debt or other obligation of LESSOR, LESSOR shall not have the power to amend this Lease Agreements so as to reduce the rent, decrease the term or modify or negate any substantial obligation without the written consent of such lending institution. Such obligation shall continue until the lending institution has notified LESSEE in writing that such assignment has been terminated, in the understanding that if LESSOR fails to obtain such lending institution s approval to carry out the foregoing, the amendment of the terms above mentioned shall have no effect whatsoever as against such lending institution. In addition, if the lending institution shall notify LESSEE in writing requiring the payment of rents hereunder directly to such lending institution or its representative, then LESSEE shall be obligated to pay such lending institution or its representative each subsequent rental that may become due under this Lease Agreement (together with any   unpaid rent then past due), until the date on which such lending institution notifies LESSEE authorizing payment of rent to LESSOR or other party entitled thereto. LESSEE understands and agrees that except for the security deposit mentioned in Clause XXVI F of this Lease Agreement, LESSOR may not collect any rent more than one (1) month in advance and LESSEE, at the request of LESSOR, shall provide a statement that no such advanced payment has been made; such document shall be binding upon LESSEE as against the lending institution to which this Lease Agreement may be assigned. In addition, the lending institution shall not be bound to recognize those payments made to LESSOR after the LESSEE has received notice requiring payments to be made to such lending institutions.  

XIII.   ACCESO A LA PROPIEDAO ARRENDADA  .   

XIII.  ACCESS TO LEASED PROPERTY .  

Sin excesiva interferencia para la operaci n del ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR o sus representantes autorizados tendr n el derecho de entrar a la Propiedad Arrendada durante las horas de trabajo del ARRENDATARIO, y a cualquier hora en caso de emergencia, para inspeccionarla y para hacer reparaciones, y si fuera autorizado por el ARRENDATARIO, para realizar adiciones o alteraciones a la Propiedad Arrendada. Por un periodo que se iniciar  ciento ochenta (180) dias antes de la terminaci n de este Contrato, el ARRENDADOR, tendr  acceso a la Propiedad Arrendada con el objeto de exhibirla a posibles arrendatarios, y podr  instalar los anuncios acostumbrados  Se Vende  o  Se Renta  en la Propiedad Arrendada. Excepto en casos de emergencia, el ARRENDADOR deber  notificar al ARRENDATARIO antes de entrar a la Propiedad Arrendada. Arrendada. El ARRENDADOR expresamente reconoce que el ARRENDATARIO podr  en todo momento acompa ar al ARRENDADOR y sus acompa antes en sus inspecciones o visitas a la Propiedad Arrendada, y se reserva el derecho de rechazar la entrada a cualquier persona como resultado de cualesquier restricci n gubernamental o por razones de seguridad interna. Si este fuera el caso, las partes trabajar n de manera diligente para identificar a otra persona que no tuviera estas restricciones.  

Without undue interference to LESSEE S operation, LESSOR or its authorized representatives shall have the right to enter the Leased Property during all LESSEE business hours, and in emergencies at all times, to inspect the Leased Property and to make repairs, and if approved by LESSEE, additions or alterations to the Leased Property. For a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the termination of this Lease Agreement, LESSOR shall have access to the Leased Property for the purpose of exhibiting it to prospective tenants and may post usual  For Sale  or  For Lease  signs upon the Leased Property. Except in case of Emergency, LESSOR shall give notice to LESSEE before entering the Leased Property. LESSOR expressly acknowledges that LESSEE may at any time escort LESSOR and persons accompanying LESSOR in its inspections or visits to the Leased Property and reserves the right to refuse entry to any person as a result of any governmental restriction or internal security issues. Should this be the case, the parties will diligently work to identify another person that would not have these   restrictions.  

XIV.   DA OS O DESTRUCCI N  .   

XIV.  DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION .  

A.  Total.  En caso de que todo o una parte substancial de la Propiedad Arrendada sea da ada o destruida por incendio, actos de la naturaleza, o cualesquiera otra causa, de tal manera que el ARRENDATARIO se vea imposibilitado a continuar la operaci n de sus negocios, el ARRENDADOR determinar  dentro de los (15) quince dias posteriores a dicha destrucci n, si la Propiedad Arrendada puede ser restaurada dentro de los siguientes (6) seis meses, y notificar  al ARRENDATARIO de tal determinaci n. Si el ARRENDADOR determina que la propiedad arrendada no puede ser restaurada en el periodo de (6) seis meses, tanto el ARRENDADOR como el ARRENDATARIO, tendr n el derecho y la opci n de terminar en forma inmediata este Contrato de Arrendamiento, por medio de aviso por escrito hecho a la otra parte, sin responsabilidad alguna para las partes, excepto la del ARRENDATARIO de estar al corriente en el cumplimiento de las obligaciones generadas a la fecha, en los t rminos del Contrato de Arrendamiento. Si el ARRENDADOR determinara que la Propiedad Arrendada puede ser restaurada dentro del t rmino de (6) seis meses, el ARRENDADOR, deber  a su propio costo y de acuerdo a la cantidad entregada al ARRENDADOR, por el pago del seguro requerido en la Cl usula VI anteriormente se alada, proceder  diligentemente a reconstruir las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR, en tal caso, el ARRENDADOR, aceptar  a su elecci n y en lugar de la renta durante el periodo que el ARRENDATARIO este privado del uso de la propiedad arrendada, el pago del seguro de da os consecuenciales a que se refiere la Cl usula VI anterior o el pago de la fianza destinada a rentas y cumplimiento de otras obligaciones. Durante el periodo de reconstrucci n, el ARRENDATARIO, no tendr  obligaci n de pagar la renta o cuota de mantenimiento. En el caso que la Propiedad Arrendada no fuere restaurada dentro de seis meses como fue determinado por el ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDADOR tendr  un periodo de gracia de treinta dias para completar la construcci n de las mejoras del ARRENDADOR a partir del  ltimo dia de los seis (6) meses. Ante la no entrega por parte del ARRENDADOR de las Mejoras para el  ltimo dia del periodo de gracia de treinta (30) dias, el ARRENDATARIO, tendr  el derecho de dar por terminado el arrendamiento, mediante aviso efectuado a la otra parte o de aceptar un dia de renta gratuito por cada dia de retraso en la entrega de la Propiedad Arrendada al t rmino del sexto mes.  

A.  Total.  In the event that the whole or a substantial part of the Leased Property is damaged or destroyed by fire, act of nature, or any other cause, so as to make LESSEE unable to continue the operation of its business, LESSOR shall, within fifteen (15) days from such destruction, determine whether the Leased Property can be restored within six (6) months. If LESSOR determines that the Leased Property cannot be restored within six (6) months, either LESSOR or LESSEE shall have the right and option to immediately terminate this Lease Agreement, by advising the other thereof by written notice, without any responsibilities to the parties, except for that of LESSEE to be in compliance with all obligations generated to date in the terms of this Agreement. If LESSOR determine that the Leased Property can be restored within said six (6) months, LESSOR shall at its own cost and according to the amount delivered to LESSOR as payment of insurance required in terms of Clause VI herein, will proceed diligently to reconstruct the LESSOR s Improvements, in that event LESSOR will accept, at its election, and in lieu of the rent during this period the payment of insurance policy covering consequential damages as per Clause VI above or the bond applicable to payment of rent and compliance of other obligations. During the period of reconstruction the LESSEE will not be obligated to pay the rent or maintenance fees. In the event that the Leased Property could not be reconstructed in six (6) months as determined by LESSOR, LESSOR will have a cure period of thirty days to finish the construction of the LESSOR S Improvements, beginning the last day of the six (6) months. Upon failure to deliver the Improvements by the LESSOR in the last day of the cure period of thirty (30) days, the LESSEE, will have the right to terminate this Lease Agreement, by written notice given to the other party or to accept one day of free rent for each day of delay of the delivery of the Leased Property at the end of the sixth month.  

B.   Parcial.   En caso de que los mencionados da os causados a la Propiedad Arrendada no impidan   al   ARRENDATARIO continuar la operaci n normal de sus negocios en la Propiedad Arrendada, el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO deber n reparar dichos da os, cada uno reconstruyendo la porci n de las mejoras por la que cada una de ellas era responsable en la construcci n inicial; en el entendido de que durante el periodo que corresponda a la reparaci n de las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR, la renta pagadera en los t rminos de este Contrato por el ARRENDATARIO ser  prorrateada en proporci n a la interferencia que sufra el ARRENDATARIO en el uso y posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada causada por dichos da     os y reparaciones,  nica y exclusivamente cuando el ARRENDATARIO est  al corriente en todas sus obligaciones, particularmente en lo que a seguros se refiere la Cl usula VI del presente. En tal caso el ARRENDADOR aceptar  a su elecci n, en lugar del pago prorrateado de la renta aqu  se alada, durante el periodo cuando el ARRENDATARIO sea parcialmente privado del uso y posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada, cualquier pago del seguro de renta o fianza aplicable a la renta y otros pagos.   

B.  Partial.  In the event the said damages caused to the Leased Property does not prevent LESSEE from continuing the normal operation of its business on the Leased Property, LESSOR and LESSEE shall repair said damage, each party reconstructing that portion of the improvements for which it was responsible in the original construction; provided that during the period required for such repair work of LESSOR s Improvements, the rent payable hereunder by LESSEE shall be equitably prorated for the interference with LESSEE s use and possession of the Leased Property caused by such damage and repairs, exclusively when LESSEE is up to date with compliance of all its obligations, in particular in regards to insurance acquisition and effectiveness as referred in Clause VI herein. In that event the LESSOR will accept, at its election and in lieu of any prorated payment of the rent hereunder, during the period when the LESSEE is partially deprived of the use and possession of the Leased Property, any payment of the rent insurance or a bond applicable for rent and other payments.  

XV.  LIMITACI N DE RESPONSABILIDAD   

XV.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY .  

Con excepci n de cualesquiera actos intencionales o negligentes u omisiones del ARRENDADOR, de sus agentes o empleados, el ARRENDADOR no ser  responsable frente al ARRENDATARIO ni frente a cualquier otra persona, por cualesquier p rdida o da o de cualquier clase, causados por actos intencionales o negligentes u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO u otros ocupantes del Parque Industrial o de las propiedades adyacentes o del p blico, u otras causas fuera del control del ARRENDADOR, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa, la falta de entrega o cualquier interrupci n de los servicios p blicos o de cualquier otro servicio, ya sea que  ste ocurra en la Propiedad Arrendada o cerca de ella. El ARRENDATARIO reconoce que de tiempo en tiempo se efectuar n adiciones, composturas y reparaciones al Parque Industrial, sin embargo esto no deber  interferir en forma substancial con el uso y goce de la Propiedad Arrendada por parte del ARRENDATARIO.  

Except for intentional or negligent acts or omissions of LESSOR, its agents or employees, LESSOR shall not be liable to LESSEE or to any other person whatsoever for any loss or damage of any kind or nature caused by the intentional or negligent acts or omissions of LESSEE or other occupants of the Industrial Park or of adjacent property, or the public, or the causes beyond the control of LESSOR, including but not limited to any, failure to furnish or any interruption of any utility or other services in or about the Leased Property. LESSEE recognizes that additions, replacements and repairs to the Industrial Park will be made from time to time, provided that the same shall not substantially interfere with LESSEE s use and enjoyment of the Leased Property.  

XVI.  INDEMNIZACI N .  

XVI.  INDEMNIFICATION .  

El ARRENDATARIO conviene en indemnizar y dejar a salvo al ARRENDADOR de cualquier demanda por da os y perjuicios de cualquier clase o naturaleza que resulten de actos negligentes u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO o sus contratistas, licenciatarios, agentes, invitados o empleados, o que se deriven de accidentes, lesiones o da os causados en cualesquiera forma a personas o bienes que ocurran en o cerca de la Propiedad Arrendada, o  reas adyacentes a la Propiedad Arrendada, as  como de los costos y gastos, incluyendo honorarios de abogado en que por tal motivo se incurra.  

LESSEE agrees to indemnify and save LESSOR harmless from any kind or nature whatsoever, arising from any negligent acts or omissions of LESSEE, or its contractors, licensees, agents, invitees or employees, or arising from any accident, injury or damage whatsoever caused to any person or property occurring in or about the Leased Property, or the areas adjoining the Leased Property, and from and against all costs and expenses, including attorney s fees, incurred thereby.  

El ARRENDADOR indemnizar  y dejar  a salvo al ARRENDATARIO de cualquier da o o perjuicio al ARRENDATARIO o sus agentes o empleados y de toda responsabilidad por causa de lesiones o da os causados a terceras personas, o por da os a la propiedad por terceras personas que ocurran mientras se encuentren legalmente dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada que resulten de actos negligentes u omisiones del ARRENDADOR, sus agentes o empleados, asi como de los costos y gastos, incluyendo honorarios de abogado en que portal motivo se incurra.   

LESSOR will indemnify and will hold LESSEE harmless from any injury or damage to LESSEE or its agents or employees and from any and all liability for injury to third persons or damage to the property by third persons while lawfully upon the Leased Property occurring by reason of any negligent acts or omissions of LESSOR, its agents or employees, and from and against all costs, and expenses, including attorney s fees, incurred thereby.  

XVII.  NOTIFICACIONES .  

XVII.  NOTICES .  

Todas las notificaciones a que se refiere el presente Contrato de Arrendamiento deber n ser dirigidas al domicilio que se menciona en las Declaraciones anteriores o a cualquier otro domicilio que de tiempo en tiempo sea proporcionado por las partes. Dichas notificaciones ser n hechas por escrito y enviadas por correo certificado, por fax, o entregadas personalmente cuando sea posible, y surtir n efectos siete (7) dias despu s de la fecha de su envio por correo o en la fecha en que se entreguen personalmente. Las notificaciones por duplicado se enviar n por correo a reo certificado, porte pagado, a aquellas direcciones que en forma adicional soliciten de tiempo en tiempo cualquiera de las partes por escrito.  

All notices under this Lease Agreement shall be forwarded to the address mentioned in the Recitals above or such other addresses as may from time to time be furnished by the parties hereto. Said notices shall be in writing and sent registered mail, by fax, or hand-delivered when possible, and shall be effective seven (7) days after the date of mailing thereof, or on the date they are hand-delivered. Duplicate notices shall be sent by certified airmail, postage prepaid, to such additional addresses as may from time to time be requested in writing by the parties hereto.  

XVIII.  DISPOSICIONES AMBIENTALES .  

XVIII.  ENVIRONMENTAL PROVISIONS .  

El ARRENDADOR entregar  al ARRENDATARIO la Propiedad Arrendada libre de contaminaci n, lo cuaI ser  evidenciado mediante la entrega de un certificado expedido por el perito registrado ante la Secretaria de Protecci n al Ambiente en el Estado como Prestador de Servicios en Materia de Impacto y Riesgo Ambiental tras la conclusi n de las labores de construcci n de la nave industrial.  

LESSOR will deliver LESSEE the Leased Property free of contamination, what will be evidenced with the delivery of a certificate issued by an expert registered before the Ministry of Environmental Protection in the State as a service provider in matters of environmental impact and risk, after the conclusion of the construction works of the building.  

El ARRENDATARIO entregar  al ARRENDADOR, el certificado expedido por las Autoridades Ambientales por el cual se clasifica el riesgo de las actividades del ARRENDATARIO. El ARRENDATARIO en este acto se obliga a notificar por escrito al ARRENDADOR, dentro de un periodo de quince (15) dias naturales, inmediatamente posteriores a que el ARRENDATARIO cambie sus operaciones afectando su clasificacion de riesgo.  

LESSEE will deliver LESSOR, the certificate issued by the Environmental Authorities that whereby the risk of LESSEE s activities is classified. LESSEE is hereby bound to provide written notice to LESSOR within a fifteen (15) calendar day period immediately after LESSEE changes its operations affecting its classification of risk.  

El ARRENDATARIO es responsable de todo y cualesquier acto, hecho u omisi n acontecido durante el T rmino del Arrendamiento, originado por sus actividades en la Propiedad Arrendada que pueda producir cualquier desequilibrio ecol gico, da o ambiental, responsabilidad o reclamaci n de responsabilidad por el uso de materiales y desechos industriales que contaminen la Propiedad Arrendada durante el t rmino de este Contrato y mantendr  al ARRENDADOR libre y a salvo de cualesquier reclamaci n, incluyendo los honorarios de abogado y consultores, ingenieros y cualesquier gasto relacionado con la soluci n de la misma. Esta responsabilidad perdurar    sin importar que el presente Contrato sea terminado por cualesquier causa y siempre y cuando la autoridad ambiental competente determine que el impacto fue causado directa y exclusivamente por el ARRENDATARIO. El costo de cualquier estudio o actividad necesaria o relacionada con el impacto ambiental ser  pagado por el ARRENDATARIO.   

LESSEE is responsible for any and all acts, facts or omissions occurred throughout the Lease Term, caused by its activities on the Lease Property that can produce any ecological imbalance, environmental damage, responsibility or claim of responsibility for the use of materials and industrial waste that contaminates the Leased Property during the term of this Agreement and will save LESSOR harmless of any and all claims, including attorneys , consultants and engineer s fees and any cost related with the solution of the same. This responsibility will endure regardless of that this Agreement is terminated by any reason and as long as the competent environmental authority determines that the impact was caused directly and exclusively by the LESSEE. The cost of any study or activity necessary or in relation to the environmental impact will be paid by LESSEE..  

El ARRENDADOR conducir  una inspecci n cada seis (6) meses, para verificar cualquier acto que pueda producir un cambio en las condiciones de la Propiedad Arrendada y para asegurarse de que no haya  reas contaminadas por material o desecho industrial. El resultado de dicha inspecci n o la falta de su realizaci n no liberar n de forma alguna al ARRENDATARIO de sus obligaciones bajo el presente Contrato. En caso de que cualquier  rea se detecte contaminada, el ARRENDATARIO a su exclusiva cuenta y gasto aplicar  las medidas necesarias y satisfactorias para el ARRENDADOR a efecto de solventar, regenerar, recuperar, renovar y restaurar las condiciones ambientales prevalecientes en la Fecha de Inicio.  

LESSOR will conduct an inspection every six (6) months, to verify any act that can produce a change in the conditions of the Leased Property and to make sure there are no contaminated areas by material and industrial waste. Neither the result of said inspection, nor the failure to conduct it shall in any form waive LESSEE s responsibilities under this Agreement. In the event that any areas are detected to be contaminated, LESSEE to its sole cost and expense will apply the measures necessary and satisfactory to LESSOR in order to solve, regenerate, recover, renovate and restore the environmental conditions that prevailed at Commencement Date.  

Si en un periodo de treinta (30) dias naturales luego de que se tenga conocimiento de alguna variaci n de las condiciones ambientales prevalecientes en la Fecha de Entrega, el ARRENDATARIO no ha iniciado la implementaci n de medidas para restaurar, el ARRENDADOR a cuenta y gasto del ARRENDATARIO aplicar  tales medidas y notificar  a las Autoridades Ambientales para que realicen los procedimientos para prevenir y evitar que el ARRENDATARIO contin e causando da os ambientales. En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO no cumpla con la implementaci n de la totalidad de las medidas de reparaci n en el t rmino que el ARRENDADOR haya autorizado para el efecto, el ARRENDATARIO se har  responsable de dicha demora y establecer  el tiempo necesario para ello, a satisfacci n del ARRENDADOR.  

If in a thirty (30) calendar day period after knowledge of a variation of environmental conditions prevailing at Possession Date, LESSEE has not initiated implementation of measures to restore, LESSOR at LESSEE S sole cost and expense will apply such measures and will notify the Environmental Authority to carry out the procedures in order to prevent and avoid that LESSEE continue to cause environmental damage. In the event that LESSEE fails to comply with implementation of all repair measures within the term that LESSOR has authorized to the effect, LESSEE will be held responsible for such delay and shall establish the necessary time for such purpose in terms satisfactory to LESSOR.  

A la terminaci n del presente Contrato, y para que la entrega fisica de la Propiedad Arrendada sea aceptada, el ARRENDATARIO deber  presentar y entregar al ARRENDADOR un certificado expedido por un perito registrado ante la Secretaria de Protecci n al Ambiente en el Estado como especialista en Restauraci n y Preservaci n Ambiental que haya sido previamente autorizado por el ARRENDADOR, en que se certifique que la Propiedad Arrendada est  libre de contaminaci n.   

Upon termination of this Agreement, and for physically delivery of the Leased Property to be accepted, LESSEE shall present and deliver to LESSOR a Certificate issued by an expert registered before the Ministry of Environmental Protection in the State as specialist on Ecological Restoration and Preservation, who is previously authorized by LESSOR, certifying that the Leased Property is free of contamination.  

XIX.  INCUMPLIMIENTO POR PARTE DEL   ARRENDATARIO .  

XIX.  LESSEE s DEFAULT.    

A. Cada uno de los siguientes casos ser n considerados como incumplimiento por parte del ARRENDATARIO:  

A. Each of the following shall be a default of LESSEE:  

1. Desocupar o abandonar la Propiedad Arrendada; el ARRENDADOR considerar  que el Edificio Duna se encuentra abandonado cuando el ARRENDATARIO cierra sus operaciones, finiquita a todos sus empleados y deja de pagar la renta de dos o m s meses. Bajo estas circunstancias el ARRENDADOR podr  proceder a ocupar el Edificio Duna, una vez que haya notificado al ARRENDATARIO, conforme a los t rminos del presente contrato, y que no se reciba respuesta en un periodo de quince (15) dias siguientes a tal aviso. Para dicho prop sito, el ARRENDADOR eneste acto queda expresamente autorizado por el ARRENDATARIO para solicitar al Juzgado competente mediante el procedimiento de jurisdicci n voluntaria, se le otorgue posesi n del Edificio Duna utilizando cualesquier medio legal que otorga la Ley y renunciando expresamente el ARRENDATARIO al derecho a ser notificado, debido al aviso de abandono anterior. Este procedimiento podr  observarse independientemente de cualesquier otro recurso utilizado por el ARRENDADOR, seg n lo establecido en este contrato;  

1. Vacating or abandonment of the Leased Property; LESSOR shall consider the Duna Building abandoned when LESSEE closes its operation, terminates all employees and stops making payment of rent for two or more months. Under such circumstances LESSOR may proceed to take over the Duna Building after notifying LESSEE under the terms hereunder provided, and no answer is received for a period of fifteen (15) days following such notice. For such purpose, LESSOR is hereby expressly authorized by LESSEE to request the competent Court under a voluntary jurisdiction procedure to be given possession of the Duna Building using any legal means provided by Law, and expressly waiving LESSEE the right to be notified due to prior notice of abandonment. This procedure may be observed independently of any other remedies of LESSOR as provided hereunder;  

2. La falta de pago de dos (2) o m s mensualidades consecutivas de renta devengada y pagadera en la fecha de vencimiento, de acuerdo con la Cl usula  IV  del presente, sin necesidad de ning n tipo de notificaci   

2. Failure to pay two (2) or more consecutive installments of rent due and payable hereunder upon the date when said payment is due, as provided for in Clause  IV  hereunder, without need of notice of any kind;  

3. Incumplimiento en la ejecuci n de cualquier pacto, acuerdo, contratos u obligaciones del ARRENDATARIO en los t rminos del presente, si dicho incumplimiento contin a por treinta (30) dias naturales siguientes a la notificaci n por escrito del ARRENDADOR al ARRENDATARIO (o durante un periodo razonable que fuere necesario para remediar el incumplimiento) otorgado por el ARRENDADOR, cuando no se haya previsto t rmino expreso;  

3. Default in the performance of any of LESSEE s covenants, agreements or obligations hereunder, said default continuing for thirty (30) calendar days after written notice thereof, is given by LESSOR to LESSEE (or for any reasonable period necessary for LESSEE to cure said default,) given by LESSOR, when no express period is stated;  

4. Una cesi n general por parte del ARRENDATARIO en beneficio de acreedores;  

4. A general assignment by LESSEE for the benefit of creditors;  

5. Petici n voluntaria de una declaraci n de quiebra por el ARRENDATARIO o petici n de una declaraci n involuntaria de quiebra por los acreedores del ARRENDATARIO, si dicha petici n permanece sin retirarse por un periodo de ciento veinte (120) dias naturales;  

5. The filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy by LESSEE or the filing of an involuntary petition by LESSEE s creditors, said petition remaining undischarged for a period of one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days; 

6. El nombramiento de un Depositario Judicial que tome posesi n substancial de todos los bienes del ARRENDATARIO o de este arrendamiento, si permanece dicha disposici n judicial sin retirarse por un periodo de ciento veinte (120) dias naturales; o  

6. The appointment of a Receiver to take possession of substantially all of LESSEE s assets or of this leasehold, said receivership remaining undissolved or un-stayed for a period of one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after the levy thereof; or  

7.  Incumplimiento por parte del ARRENDATARIO de una resoluci n firme emitida por las Autoridades Ambientales del Gobierno Mexicano, en relaci n con la ejecuci n de sus actividades o con el uso y operaci n de cualesquier equipo por parte del ARRENDATARIO que pudiera ser considerada como contaminante por dicha Autoridad Gubernamental, asi como el  incumplimiento respecto de cualesquier ley, reglamento o recomendaci n efectuada por dicha Autoridad en relaci n con dicho asunto.   

7. Failure by LESSEE to comply with a final judgment emitted by an Environmental Authorities, in connection with the performance of their activities or the use or operation of any equipment by LESSEE that may be considered as contaminating by such Governmental Office, and failure to comply with any and all recommendations, so given by said Governmental Office.  

B. En cualquiera de los casos anteriores, el ARRENDADOR a su opci n tendr  el derecho, adem s de utilizar cualesquier recurso otorgado por la ley, de reclamar da os, de rescindir de inmediato este Contrato de Arrendamiento y exigir al ARRENDATARIO la desocupaci n de la Propiedad Arrendada, sin afectar los derechos del ARRENDADOR de acuerdo a los t rminos del p rrafo A), 1) de esta Cl usula, y particularmente el derecho de recaudar las rentas restantes del t rmino de arrendamiento de este contrato.  

B. Upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing defaults, LESSOR shall have the right, at its option, and in addition to other rights or remedies granted by law, including the right to claim damage, to immediately rescind this Lease Agreement and evict LESSEE from the Leased Property, without affecting the rights of LESSOR under the terms of paragraph A), 1) of this Clause, and particularly the right to collect the remaining rents for the contractual lease term.  

XX.  DERECHO A SUBSANAR EL INCUMPLIMIENTO DE LAS OBLIGACIONES .  

XX.  RIGHT TO CURE DEFAULTS .  

En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO no cumpla con cualesquier t rmino o estipulaci n contenida en este Contrato (excepto la falta de pago de rentas y cuota de mantenimiento), el ARRENDADOR podr , sin estar obligado a ello, y en cualquier momento despu s de aviso por escrito dado con treinta (30) dias, subsanar dicho incumplimiento, incluyendo la aplicaci n de mecanismos de restauraci n en caso de contaminaci n o hacer reparaciones a la Propiedad Arrendada, por cuenta y a cargo del ARRENDATARIO. Si el ARRENDADOR, en virtud de dicho incumplimiento, paga cualesquier cantidad de dinero o incurre en cualquier gasto, incluyendo honorarios de abogados, las cantidades que haya pagado o erogado junto con todos los intereses, costos y da os, ser n pagados por el ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR el primer dia del mes siguiente en que dichos gastos fueron incurridos.  

In the event of LESSEE s breach of any term or provision herein, (except payment of rents and maintenance fee), LESSOR may, without any obligation to do so at any time after thirty (30) days written notice, cure such breach or default including the application of mechanisms of restoration in the event of contamination or make repairs to the Leased Property, for the account and at the expense of LESSEE. If LESSOR, by reason of such breach or default, pays any money or is compelled to incur any expense including attorney s fees, the sums so paid or incurred by LESSOR with all interest, cost and damages, shall be paid by LESSEE to LESSOR on the first day of the month after incurring such expenses.  

Si cualquier pago de renta o cualesquier otro pago no son efectuados inmediatamente despu s de ser exigibles, generar n intereses a raz n del diez   (10%)   por ciento mensual a partir de la fecha en que se hicieran exigibles, hasta su liquidaci n total. Esta estipulaci n no se entender  como liberaci n del ARRENDATARIO de cualquier incumplimiento al efectuar los pagos a tiempo y en la forma que se establece en este Contrato. Los intereses, gastos y da os mencionados anteriormente, ser n cobrados del ARRENDATARIO mediante el ejercicio por parte del ARRENDADOR del derecho de obtener pago de da os y perjuicios en los t rminos de esta Cl usula. Nada de lo contenido en la presente Cl usula afecta el derecho del ARRENDADOR para ser indemnizado por el ARRENDATARIO, por la responsabilidad derivada antes de la terminaci n de este Contrato por lesiones o da os a la propiedad,   

If any installment of rent or any other payment is not paid promptly when due, it shall bear interest of ten  (10%)  percent monthly from the date on which it becomes delinquent until paid. This provision is not intended to relieve LESSEE from any default in the making of any payment at the time and in the manner herein specified. The foregoing interests, expenses and damages shall be recoverable from LESSEE by exercise of LESSOR s right to recover damages under this Clause. Nothing in this Clause affects the right of LESSOR to indemnification by LESSEE for liability arising prior to the termination of this Lease for personal injuries or property damage. 

XXI.  RENUNCIA .  

XXI.  WAIVER .  

En caso de que el ARRENDADOR o el ARRENDATARIO no exijan que la otra parte cumpla con cualquiera de las obligaciones contenidas en este Contrato, esto no ser  interpretado como renuncia a exigir el cumplimiento de la misma obligaci n o de otras obligaciones en forma subsecuente. Cualquier consentimiento o aprobaci n no se considerar  como renuncia o como innecesaria la aprobaci n o consentimiento para actos similares o subsecuentes del ARRENDATARIO o del ARRENDADOR.  

In the event LESSOR or LESSEE does not compel the other to comply with any of the obligations hereunder, such action or omission shall not be construed as a waiver of a subsequent breach of the same or any other provision. Any consent or approval shall not be deemed to waive or render unnecessary the consent or approval of any subsequent or similar act by LESSEE or LESSOR.  

XXII.  CERTIFICACIONES .  

XXII.  CERTIFICATES .  

El ARRENDATARIO, dentro de los diez (10) d as siguientes al recibo de la solicitud por escrito del ARRENDADOR, deber  entregar al ARRENDADOR una declaraci n por escrito certificando que, de ser el caso, este Contrato no ha sido modificado y se encuentra en vigor (o en caso de que haya habido modificaciones, que las mismas est n vigentes en los t rminos realizadas); las fechas en que las rentas y otros cargos hayan sido pagados por adelantado; y que las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR han sido terminadas en forma satisfactoria. Es la intenci n que dicha declaration pueda ser tomada en cuenta por cualquier persona, posible comprador o instituci n financiera interesada en la Propiedad Arrendada.  

LESSEE shall, within ten (10) days of receipt of a written request made by LESSOR, deliver to LESSOR a statement in writing certifying that, if this is the case, this Lease Agreement is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been modifications, that the same are in full force and effect as modified); the dates to which the rent and any other charges have been paid in advance, and that LESSOR s Improvements have been satisfactorily completed. It is intended that any such statement may be relied upon by any person, prospective purchaser or lending institution interested in the Leased Property.  

XXIII.   RETENCI N DE LA PROPIEDAD ARRENDADA  .   

XXIII.  HOLDING OVER .  

Si el ARRENDATARIO permanece en posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada, como consecuencia de la negligencia u omisi n del ARRENDATARIO, despu s del vencimiento de este Contrato, el ARRENDATARIO pagar  al ARRENDADOR una pena convencional mensual igual al ciento veinte (120%) por ciento sobre el importe de la renta mensual, a partir de la fecha de vencimiento del Contrato de Arrendamiento y hasta en tanto el ARRENDATARIO haya entregado al ARRENDADOR la posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada, o celebrado un nuevo Contrato de Arrendamiento. Esta estipulaci n no ser  interpretada en el sentido de que se otorga derecho alguno al ARRENDATARIO para permanecer en posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada despu s de la terminaci n del T rmino del Arrendamiento. El ARRENDATARIO deber  indemnizar al ARRENDADOR contra cualesquier p rdida o responsabilidad que resulte de la demora en la entrega de la Propiedad Arrendada por el ARRENDATARIO, si dicha p rdida o responsabilidad se funda en tal demora. Las partes convienen en que el ARRENDATARIO deber  desocupar y entregar la PROPIEDAD ARRENDADA a la terminaci n de este Contrato de Arrendamiento.  

If LESSEE should remain in possession of the Leased Property, due to LESSEE s omission or negligence, after the expiration of this agreement, LESSEE shall pay LESSOR a monthly penalty equal to fifty (50%) percent of the amount of the monthly rent, as of the expiration date of the Lease Agreement until LESSEE has delivered to LESSOR possession of the Leased property or executed a new Lease Agreement. This provision shall not be construed as granting any right to LESSEE to remain in possession of the Leased Property after the expiration of the Lease term. LESSEE shall indemnify LESSOR against any loss or liability resulting from the delay by LESSEE in surrendering the Leased Property, if such loss or liability is founded on said delay. The parties agree that LESSEE shall quit and surrender the LEASED PROPERTY at the expiration of this Lease Agreement.  

XXIV.  ENTREGA .  

XXIV.  SURRENDER .  

El  ltimo dia del t rmino de este Contrato de Arrendamiento o antes, en caso de que sea terminado anticipadamente de acuerdo con lo establecido en otras disposiciones de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, el ARRENDATARIO deber  desocupar y entregar la Propiedad Arrendada, limpia, en buenas condiciones, junto con todas las alteraciones, adiciones y mejoras que hayan sido hechas en la misma, excepto por mobiliario, maquinaria y equipo propiedad del ARRENDATARIO, salvo diversa autorizaci n por escrito por el ARRENDADOR. A la terminaci n de este Contrato, el ARRENDATARIO deber  retirar inmediatamente todos sus bienes, excepto por lo mencionado anteriormente, y todo aquello que no haya sido retirado se considerar  abandonado por el ARRENDATARIO. El ARRENDATARIO deber  reparar cualesquier da o y perjuicio causado a la Propiedad Arrendada por el retiro de los bienes del ARRENDATARIO.  

On the last day of the term of this Lease Agreement, or the sooner termination thereof pursuant to other provisions hereof, LESSEE shall quit and surrender the Leased Property, broom clean, in good condition together with all alterations, additions and improvements that may have been made to the same, except furniture, machinery and equipment owned by LESSEE, unless otherwise authorized in writing by LESSOR. Upon the termination of this Lease Agreement, LESSEE shall immediately remove all of its property, with the exception noted above, and all property not removed shall be deemed abandoned by LESSEE. LESSEE shall immediately repair any and all damage caused to the Leased Property by the removal of LESSEE s property.  

XXV.  USO Y GOCE PACIFICO .  

XXV.  PEACEFUL ENJOYMENT .  

El ARRENDADOR conviene que el ARRENDATARIO, mediante el pago de las rentas y dem s cantidades que se establecen en este Contrato y mediante el cumplimiento de todos los t rminos y disposiciones de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, podr  ocupar y disfrutar en forma legal y pacifica la Propiedad Arrendada durante el T rmino del Arrendamiento.  

LESSOR agrees that LESSEE, upon paying the rent and all other charges provided for herein and upon complying with all of the terms and provisions of the Lease Agreement, shall lawfully and quietly occupy and enjoy the Leased Property during the Lease Term without disturbance from anyone.  

XXVI.   DISPOSICIONES MISCEL NEAS   

XXVI.  MISCELLANEOUS .  

A. Este documento contiene todas las condiciones y acuerdos entre las partes y no podr  ser modificado verbalmente ni en alguna otra manera, sino mediante convenio escrito firmado por los representantes autorizados de ambas partes.  

A. This document contains all of the agreements and conditions made between the parties, and may not be modified orally or in any manner other than by a written agreement signed by the authorized representatives of the parties.  

B. Si cualquier t rmino, pacto, condici n o previsi n de este Contrato o la aplicaci n del mismo a cualquier persona o circunstancia, es declarado invalido, nulo o no ejecutable en cualquier grado por un tribunal competente, el resto de los t rminos, pactos, condiciones o previsiones de este Contrato o la aplicaci n del mismo a cualquier persona o circunstancia, deber n permanecer en plena vigencia y en ninguna forma resultar n por ello afectados, objetados o invalidados.  

B. If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Lease, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances, shall to any extent be held by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Lease or the application thereof to any person or circumstances, shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.  

C. En caso de que cualquiera de las partes entablara acci n judicial en contra de la otra parte por la posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada, o para el pago de cualquier cantidad a que se refiere este Contrato, o en virtud de incumplimiento de cualquier estipulaci n en los t rminos de este Contrato, la parte que obtenga sentencia favorable tendr  derecho a cobrar de la otra los gastos y costas correspondientes, incluyendo honorarios de abogados.  

C. In the event that either party should bring an action against the other party for the possession of the Leased Property or for the recovery of any sum due hereunder, or because of the breach of default of any covenant in this Lease Agreement, the prevailing party shall have the right to collect from the other party its relevant costs and expenses, including attorney s fees.  

D. Todos los pagos y obligaciones que se requieren conforme a este Contrato de Arrendamiento ser n hechos y ejecutados precisamente en la fecha se alada para ello y excepto por los periodos de gracia espec fic s, no se permitir  ning n retraso o ampliaci n de los mismos.  

D. Every payment and performance required by this Lease Agreement, shall be paid and performed on the date specified for such payment or performance and except for the specific grace periods herein, no delay or extension thereof shall be permitted.  

E.Los titulos y subtituios de las Cl usulas de estedocumento no tendr n efecto alguno en la interpretaci n de los t rminos y disposiciones de este Contrato de Arrendamiento.  

E. The titles and subtitles to the Clauses of this document shall have no effect on the interpretation of the terms and provisions contained in this Lease Agreement.  

F. El ARRENDADOR reconoce haber recibido del ARRENDATARIO la cantidad de   US$ 108,498.60 D lares   (Ciento ocho mil cuatrocientos cuarenta y ocho D lares 60/100, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) equivalente a 2 meses de renta del Edificio Duna con superficie de 129,165.00 pies cuadrados, como dep sito en garantia por el cumplimiento de las obligaciones asumidas en este Contrato de ARRENDATARIO, incluyendo pero no limitado al pago de rentas, pasivos laborales, da os ambientales o contaminaci n a la Propiedad Arrendada, y ser  devuelto at ARRENDATARIO por el ARRENDADOR al t rmino de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, dentro de los diez (10) dias h biles siguientes a que el ARRENDATARIO compruebe que no existen pagos pendientes en relaci n con las obligaciones asumidas en este contrato y en especifico las relativas a entregar la propiedad arrendada en buenas condiciones y al pago de servicios p blicos, a satisfacci n del ARRENDADOR, de otra forma el ARRENDADOR queda expresamente autorizado a utilizar tal dep sito para cubrir las cantidades adeudadas por cualquier concepto al ARRENDADOR a la terminaci n del Contrato de Arrendamiento.   

F. LESSOR hereby acknowledges having received from LESSEE the amount of  US$ 108,498.60 Dollars  (One hundred and eight thousand four hundred and ninety eight Dollars 60/100 Legal Currency of the United States of America), equivalent to 2 months of rent of the Duna Building with a surface of 129,165.00 square feet, as deposit in guaranty for compliance of the obligations assumed hereunder by LESSEE, including but not limited to payment of rents, labor liens environmental damage or contamination of the Leased Property and shall be reimbursed to LESSEE by LESSOR upon termination of the Lease Agreement, and following ten (10) business days, once LESSEE provides evidence that all obligations have been complied with and that there are no pending payments in relation to the obligations assumed herein at LESSOR s satisfaction, otherwise LESSOR is expressly authorized to use such deposit to cover amounts owed under any title to LESSOR at the termination of the Lease Agreement.  

G. Las partes convienen que este Contrato de Arrendamiento estar  regido por las Leyes del Estado de Baja California.  

G. The parties agree that this Lease Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of the State of Baja California.  

H. Para todo lo relative a la interpretaci n y cumplimiento de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, las partes expresamente se someten a la jurisdicci n de los Tribunales Civiles de la Ciudad de Tijuana, Estado de Baja California, renunciando expresamente a cualquier otro fuero que por raz n de su domicilio presente o futuro o por cualquier otra causa pudiera llegar a corresponderles.  

H. For everything pertaining to the interpretation and compliance of this Lease Agreement the parties thereby expressly submit to the jurisdiction of the Civil Courts of the City of Tijuana, State of Baja California, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction which might be applicable by reason of their present or future domiciles or otherwise.  

I. Siempre que se requiera el previo consentimiento de alguna de las partes, ya sea por escrito o manifestado en cualquier otra forma, como condici n para que la otra parte ejecute alg n acto, dicha parte conviene no denegar tal consentimiento en forma arbitraria.  

I. Whenever the prior consent of either party, written or otherwise, is required as a condition for any act by the other party under this Lease Agreement, such party agrees not arbitrarily to withhold such consent.  

J. Cada una de las partes se obliga a firmar aquellos documentos adicionales que requiera la otra parte, pero solamente hasta en la medida en que dicho documento tenga por objeto dar efectos legales a los derechos establecidos en este Contrato de Arrendamiento.  

J. Each party shall execute such further documents as shall be requested by the other party, but only to the extent that the effect of said documents is to give legal effect to rights set forth in this Lease Agreement.  

K. La entrega de este documento para su revisi n y firma por el ARRENDATARIO, no constituye reserva de, ni opci n de arrendamiento, y no tendr  valor alguno como Contrato de Arrendamiento mientras no sea firmado y entregado por ambas partes, ARRENDADOR y ARRENDATARIO.  

K. Submission of this instrument for examination or signature by LESSEE does not constitute a reservation of or option to lease, and it is not effective as a lease or otherwise until execution and delivery by both LESSOR and LESSEE.  

L. Este Arrendamiento, y cada uno de sus t rminos y disposiciones, ser n obligatorios, y redundar n en beneficio de las partes y sus respectivos sucesores o cesionarios, sujetos a las previsiones aqui estipuladas. Cuando se haga referencia al ARRENDADOR en el presente Arrendamiento, dicha referencia se entender  que se refiere a la persona que represente los intereses del ARRENDADOR. Cualquier sucesor o cesionario del ARRENDATARIO que acepte la cesi n a los beneficios del presente Contrato y tome posesi n o goce en este contrato, asume y acepta las obligaciones y condiciones aqui estipuladas.   

L. This Lease Agreement and each of its covenants and conditions shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective assignees, subject to the provisions hereof. Whenever in this Lease a reference is made to LESSOR, such reference shall be deemed to refer to the person in whom the interest of the lessor hereunder shall be vested. Any successor or assignee of LESSEE who accepts an assignment of the benefit of this Lease and enters into possession or enjoyment hereunder shall thereby assume and agree to perform and be bound by, the covenants and conditions hereof.  

M. El ARRENDADOR conviene con el ARRENDATARIO que, si lo requiere el ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR construir  cualesquier mejora adicional en el Edificio Duna sujeto a los t rminos y condiciones relativos a las mismas, seg n se establece en este Contrato de Arrendamiento.  

M. LESSOR hereby agrees with LESSEE that, if so requested by LESSEE, LESSOR shall construct any additional Improvements in the Duna Building subject to the stipulations, terms and conditions as established elsewhere in this Lease Agreement.  

N. Garantia. Queda claramente entendido que el ARRENDADOR ha convenido celebrar este Arrendamiento con el ARRENDATARIO debido a las garantias que ser n presentadas por el ARRENDATARIO. En consecuencia, el ARRENDATARIO acuerda y asegura que se otorga una Garantia, la cual se agrega al presente como  Anexo  H,   misma que ser  entregada por parte de  Esterline Technologies Corporation  ( GARANTE ), para asegurar la sujeci n del ARRENDATARIO a todos los compromisos, condiciones, obligaciones, incluyendo aquellos relatives a la aplicaci n de mecanismos de restauraci n en caso de un da o o contaminaci n ambiental de la Propiedad Arrendada, responsabilidades y convenios seg n se establecen en este Contrato de Arrendamiento  

N. Guaranty. It is clearly understood that LESSOR has been induced to enter into this Lease with LESSEE due to the guaranties to be submitted by LESSEE. Consequently, LESSEE hereby agrees and assures that a Guarantee under the form of  Exhibit  H   attached hereto, is given by  Esterline Technologies Corporation  ( GUARANTOR ), to insure the adherence by LESSEE of all of the conditions, covenants, obligations, including those concerning the application of mechanisms of restoration in the event of an environmental damage and contamination of the Leased Property, liabilities and agreements set forth in this Lease Agreement.  

O. Sistemas contra INCENDIOS y de Seguridad Civil. El ARRENDADOR garantiza que la Propiedad Arrendada cuenta con las salidas de emergencia est ndares de acuerdo con el edificio, sin considerar la actividad industrial del ARRENDATARIO, por lo que en este acto, el ARRENDATARIO se obliga a instalar el debido sistema contra incendios y en caso de ser necesario o requerido de acuerdo a su actividad de negocio, a modificarlo a efecto de que cumpla exhaustivamente con las disposiciones normativas municipals y la Norma Oficial Mexicana NOM-002-STPS-2010, relativa a las condiciones de seguridad para la prevenci n y protecci n contra incendios en los centros de trabajo, y tambi n se obliga a certificar ante las autoridades municipales y estatales competentes que la Propiedad Arrendada cumple con los requerimientos en materia de protecci n civil, mediante la elaboraci n y autorizaci n de un Programa Interno de Protecci n Civil, considerando el riesgo que presente la actividad industrial, operaciones, n mero de empleados y distribuci n de las instalaciones del ARRENDATARIO. El ARRENDATARIO ser  responsable de instalar a su propio costo el sistema contra incendio, seg n se describe anteriormente, en caso de que cualquier nueva regulaci n o norma oficial requiera una modificaci n al sistema b sico requerido para dicho tipo de edificio.   

O. Fire Deterrent Systems and Civil Security. LESSOR guarantees that the Leased Property has the standard emergency exits according to the building, without considering the industrial activity of LESSEE, thereby LESSEE hereby is bound to install the fire deterrent system and if needed or required, to improve it according to its business activity, so that it complies exhaustively with applicable municipal regulations and the Official Mexican Regulation NOM-002-STPS-2010, relative to the security conditions to prevent and protect against fire in the workplace, and is also bound to certify before the competent municipal and state authorities that the Leased Property complies with the requirements in the field of civil protection, by the elaboration and authorization of a Civil Protection Internal Program considering the risk presented by the industrial activity, the operations, the number of employees and the distribution of the facilities of the LESSEE. LESSEE will be responsible to improve and modify at its own cost the system as described above, in case that any new regulation or official specification requires any improvement for the basic system required for such type of building.  

De igual forma, el ARRENDATARIO deber , bajo su propia responsabilidad, certificar ante las autoridades competentes en materia de protecci n civil y bomberos, que su operaci n no sobrepasa los cupos m ximos de personal permitidos en base a las dimensiones de la Propiedad Arrendada.  

In the same manner, LESSEE, under its own responsibility, shall certify before the competent authorities in the field of civil protection and before the Fire Prevention Authorities, that its operation does not exceed the maximum number of employees allowed based on the dimensions of the Leased Property.  

P. Br ker inmobiliario. Ambas partes reconocen que dentro de la negociaci n de este Contrato se involucr  un Broker Inmobiliario, por lo que el ARRENDADOR pagar  al mismo una comisi n seg n el por cierto acuerdo celebrado por escrito con dicho promotor inmobiliario, ante cualquier acuerdo o contrato adicional a ser celebrado por el ARRENDATARIO, este deber  de informar si continue trabajando con el mismo Broker Inmobiliario.  

P. Real Estate Broker. Both parties acknowledge that there was a Broker involved in the negotiation of this Agreement, therefore LESSOR will pay a Commission to such real estate broker as agreed with such, before any additional agreement or contract to be executed by LESSEE, it will have to inform if it continues to work with such Real Estate Broker.  

Q. El presente Contrato se firma en espa ol e ingl s, y en caso de que resultare alguna inconsistencia con respecto a su interpretaci n, prevalecer  la versi n en espa ol.  

Q. This Agreement is executed in the Spanish and English and in the event any inconsistency arises regarding its interpretation, the Spanish version shall prevail.  

PARA CONSTANCIA, las partes han celebrado este Contrato de Arrendamiento en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Estado de Baja California, Mexico, a los 01   dia de September de   2015.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Lease Agreement in the city of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, on the 1 st  day of September, 2015.  

EL ARRENDADOR: 
 INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS, 
 S.A. DE C.V.  

LESSOR: 
 INDUSTRIAS   ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS, 
 S.A. DE C.V.  

/s/  Eduardo Mendoza Larios   

/s/  Eduardo Mendoza Larios   

Eduardo Mendoza Larios  

Eduardo Mendoza Larios  

EL ARRENDATARIO: 
 SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V.  

LESSEE: 
 SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V.  

/s/  Robert David George   

/s/  Robert David George   

Robert David George  

Robert David George  

EL GARANTE: 
 Esterline Technologies Corporation  

GUARANTOR: 
 Esterline Technologies Corporation  

/s/  Robert David George   

/s/  Robert David George   

Robert David George  

Robert David George  

TESTIGOS:  

WITNESSES:  

/s/ Gary J. Posner   

/s/ Gary J. Posner   

Gary J. Posner   

Gary J. Posner   

/s/ Sharon Garcia   

/s/ Sharon Garcia   

Sharon Garcia   

Sharon Garcia   

PRIMERCONVENIO MODIFICATORIO al Contrato de Arrendamiento que celebran por una parte  INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS S.A. DE C.V.,  de aqui en adelante descrito como el   ARRENDADOR  , representado por el Sr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, y  SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.,  de aqui en adelante referido como el   ARRENDATARIO  , representado por su representante legal, Sr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin, y con la comparecencia de  ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION,  en lo sucesivo referido como  EL GARANTE  en t rminos de las siguientes declaraciones y cl usulas:  

FIRST ADDENDUM to the Lease Agreement entered into by and between  INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS S.A. DE C.V.,  hereinafter referred to as  LESSOR , represented by Mr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, and  SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.,  hereinafter referred to as   LESSEE  , represented by its legal representative, Mr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin, with the presence and consent of  ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION,  herein after referred to as the  GUARANTOR  of pursuant to the following recitals and clauses:  

DECLARACIONES:   

RECITALS:   

Las partes declaran:  

The parties declare:  

I. - Que el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO celebraron un Contrato de Arrendamiento fechado el 01 de Septiembre del 2015 (en lo sucesivo el  Contrato de Arrendamiento ), en el cual el ARRENDADOR arrend  al ARRENDATARIO, una porcion de terreno, identificado como Lote 4, Manzana 121 en el Parque Industrial Valle Bonito en la ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, M xico. con una superficie total de 23,655.829 m 2  (Veintitr s mil seiscientos cincuenta y cinco 82/100 metros cuadrados), equivalentes a 254,628.98 pies cuadrados , (en lo sucesivo la   Superficie de Terreno  ) y de las mejoras construidas en el mismo, incluyendo pero no limitado al edificio modular ahl ubicado al que se identifica como  Edificio Duna  (en lo sucesivo referido como el   Edificio Duna  ) con una   Superficie Arrendable   total de 129,165.00 (Ciento veintinueve mil ciento sesenta y cinco) Pies Cuadrados, el cual se compone de las siguientes secciones: M dulo 1 (en lo sucesivo el   M dulo 1  ) con una superficie de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados, Modulo 2 (en lo sucesivo el   M dulo 2  ) con una superficie de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados, M dulo 3 (en lo sucesivo el   M dulo 3  ) con una superficie de 34,444.00 pies cuadrados y Modulo 4 (en lo sucesivo el   M dulo 4  ) con una superficie de 25,833.00 pies cuadrados; que para efectos del contrato, el t rmino   Propiedad Arrendada  , ser  entendido como: la parte proporcional de la  Superficie Arrendable  bajo posesi n del ARRENDATARIO que el mismo vaya ocupando hasta el momento de la total ocupaci n del Edificio Duna, y que a la fecha de firma del presente corresponde al M dulo 1 del Edificio Duna con una superficie arrendable de 34,444.00 (treinta y cuatro mil cuatrocientos cuarenta y cuatro) Pies Cuadrados.  

I. - That LESSOR and the LESSEE have entered into a Lease Agreement dated on September 1 st , 2015, (hereinafter referred to as the  Lease Agreement ), whereby LESSOR a portion of land, described as Lot 4, Block 121, at Valle Bonito Industrial Park in the city of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, with a total surface of 23,655.829 m 2  (twenty three thousand six hundred and fifty five 82/100 square meters), equivalent to 254,628.98 square feet, (hereinafter referred to as the   Land Surface  ) and of the improvements therein constructed as detailed hereinafter in the present document, including but not limited to the building therein located, which is identified as  Duna Building  (hereinafter referred to as the   Duna Building  ) with a   Leasable Area   of 129,165.00 (One hundred twenty nine thousand one hundred sixty five) square feet, which is composed by the following sections: Module 1 (hereinafter referred to as   Module 1  ) with a leasable area of 34,444.00 square feet, Module 2 (hereinafter referred to as   Module 2  ) with a leasable area of 34,444.00 square feet, Module 3 (hereinafter referred to as   Module 3  ) with a leasable area of 34,444.00 square feet and Module 4 (hereinafter referred to as   Module 4  ) with a leasable area of 25,833.00 square feet; that for the purpose of the Lease Agreement the term   Leased Property  , will be understood as: the proportional part of the Leasable Area under LESSEE s possession as it happens to be occupied and up to the moment of total occupation of the Duna Building and that at the date of execution hereof, corresponds to the  Module 1  of the Duna Building which has a leasable area of 34,444.00 (thirty four thousand four hundred forty-four) Square Feet.  

II. Que es su voluntad celebrar este Primer Convenio Modificatorio al Contrato de Arrendamiento y agregarlo para que forme parte  

II. That is their intention to execute this First Addendum to the Lease Agreement and add it so it can be part of the Lease Agreement  

integral del Contrato de Arrendamiento a que se refiere la Declaraci n I anterior, considerando los t rminos y condiciones que se mencionan a continuaci n: (i) A adir el domicilio y clave catastral de la Propiedad Arrendada; (ii) modificaci n del Anexo F, respecto al costo de la Subestaci n el ctrica con un transformador de 1000 KVAS, por el monto total de $109,215.00 d lares, el cual debidamente modificado se anexa al presente Convenio; y (iii) corregir el monto de la Clausula IV inciso B referente a la cuota de mantenimiento, toda vez que se asent  la cantidad de $688.80 d lares, siendo la correcta por la multiplicaci n de la cantidad de $.0266 por 34,440 pies cuadrados, la cantidad de $916.21 d lares.   

described in Recital I, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth below: (i) Add the address and cadastral number of the Lease Property; (ii) modify Exhibit F, referred to the cost of the improvements in the Electrical Substation with a 1000 KVAS transformer, for the total amount of $109,215.00 dollars, whereby duly modify is attached to this Addendum; and (iii) amend the amount on Clause IV section B, referred to the Maintenance Fee, in which the amount of $ 688.80 dollars, was stated, being the correct by multiplying the amount of $ .0266 and 34,440 square feet, the amount of $ 916.21 dollars.  

IV. Que mutuamente tienen reconocida la personalidad en los t rminos del contrato se alado en el proemio del presente instrumento y que es materia de modificaci n.  

IV. That each other has recognized personality in the terms of the lease agreement stated in recital I that is amend only under the terms set in.  

V. Que conocen el alcance de las modificaciones al contrato de arrendamiento y ambas tienen la capacidad jurldica para cumplir con ellas, por lo que no tienen inconveniente en suscribir el presente convenio.  

V. They know the scope of the amendments to the lease agreement and both parties have the legal capacity to meet them, so they have no impediment in signing this Agreement.  

En consideraci n de lo anterior las partes acuerdan las siguientes:  

Pursuant to the above the parties agree as follows:  

CLAUSULA S:   

CLAUSES :  

PRIMERA:  Por este Primer Convenio Modificatorio se agrega el domicilio de la Propiedad Arrendada y clave catastral siendo el siguiente:   

FIRST:  By this First Addendum, the address and cadastral number of the Lease Property is included, being the following:   

CALZADA VALLE DE LOS CIRIOS NUMERO 
 12821, INTERIOR 4, MODULO 1A, 
 CARRETERA TIJUANA A TECATE 
 TIJUANA, BAJA CALIFORNIA  

CALZADA VALLE DE LOS CIRIOS NUMERO 
 12821, INTERIOR 4, MODULE 1A, 
 CARRETERA TIJUANA A TECATE 
 TIJUANA, BAJA CALIFORNIA  

CLAVE CATASTARAL: OF014004  

CADASTRAL NUMBER: OF014004  

SEGUNDA:  Las Partes acuerdan modificar el concepto incluido en el Anexo F del Contrato de Arrendamiento descrito en la Declaraci n Primera que precede, respecto al costo de la Subestaci n el ctrica con un transformador de 1000 KVAS, por lo que el monto total correcto es de  $109,215.00 d lares, (Ciento nueve mil doscientos quince d lares 00/100 moneda del curso legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica),  el cual debidamente modificado se anexa al presente Convenio como  ANEXO  A  , firmado y aceptado por las partes.   

SECOND:  The Parties hereof agree to modify the concept included in Exhibit F of the Lease Agreement described in the First Recital hereof, in relation to the cost of the electrical substation with a transformer of 1000 KVAS, accordingly the total correct amount its  $109,215.00 dollars, (one hundred nine thousand two hundred fifteen dollars 00/100 legal currency of the United States of America),  which duly modified is added to this Addendum as  Exhibit  A  , signed and executed by the parties.   

TERCERA:  Las partes acuerdan en modificar la   

THIRD:  The parties agreed to modify Clause IV,   

Clausula IV inciso B, primer p rrafo del Contrato de Arrendamiento descrito en la Declaraci n Primera que precede, relativo a la Cuota de Mantenimiento, particularmente respecto a la suma del total a pagar por el ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR, para quedar establecida en los siguientes t rminos:   

Section B, first paragraph of the Lease Agreement described in the First Recital that precedes, related to the Maintenance Fee, particularly in relation to the total amount that shall be paid by the LESSEE to LESSOR, to be established in the following terms:  

B. Cuota de mantenimiento. El ARRENDATARIO en este acto acepta y se obliga a pagar una cuota de mantenimiento de la Propiedad Arrendada, a raz n de  US$ 0.0266 D lares  (Cero punto cero, dos, seis, seis D lares Moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am rica) por pie cuadrado de Superficie Arrendable, que al inicio de este Contrato de Arrendamiento por el  rea inicial de  34,444.00 pies cuadrados,  ascienden a US  $916.21 D lares (Novecientos diecis is D lares 21/100, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica),  m s el correspondiente Impuesto al Valor Agregado. El pago del mantenimiento ser  aplicable a  reas comunes por: jardineria, alumbrado, mantenimiento de calles, acceso controlado al Parque Industrial y recolecci   n de basura en las calles principales.  

B. Maintenance Fee. LESSEE hereby agrees and is bound to pay a monthly maintenance fee for the Leased Property, at the rate of  US $0.0266   Dollars  (Zero point zero, two, six, six Dollars, Legal Currency of the United States of America) per square foot of Leasable Area, which at the commence of this lease for the initial area of  34,444.00 square feet,  amounts to  US$916.21 Dollars (Nine hundred sixteen dollars 21/100, Legal Currency of the United States of America) , plus the corresponding Value Added Tax. The Maintenance Fee shall be applicable to common areas for: landscaping, lighting, street up-keep, security guards in the Industrial Park controlling Park access and main street litter removal.  

CUARTA:  Todos los otros t rminos y condiciones del Contrato de Arrendamiento se mantendr n y continuar n vigentes y v lidos. De conformidad con lo anterior, las partes aqul acuerdan que este Primer Convenio Modificatorio deber  modificar  nicamente las provisiones aqul descritas; todas las dem s provisiones deber n mantenerse vigentes y sin cambios, por lo que en este instrumento no existe novaci n. El Contrato de Arrendamiento previamente ejecutado por las partes el 01 de Septiembre de 2015, deber  regular cualquier cuesti n relativa al Arrendamiento, que no se encuentren especificamente se aladas en el presente.   

FOURTH:  All other terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement will remain and continue in full force and effect. According to this, the parties hereby agree that this First Addendum shall modify only the provisions herein described; all other provisions shall remain valid and unchanged, therefore this document does not cause novation. The Lease Agreement previously executed by the parties on September 1 st , 2015, shall govern any matter related to the Lease, which is not specifically addressed herein.   

QUINTA:  Este documento y el Contrato de Arrendamiento forman parte del mismo como un solo documento; conteniendo estos las condiciones y promesas realizados entre las partes, y no deber n ser modificados verbalmente o de ninguna otra manera m s que en un contrato por escrito firmado por los representantes autorizados de las partes.   

FIFTH:  This document forms a part of the Lease Agreement as one whole document; they all contain the conditions and promises made between the parties, and may not be modified orally or in any manner other than by a written agreement signed by the authorized representatives of the parties.   

SEXTA:  Las partes aqu  acuerdan que todo lo relativo a la interpretaci n y cumplimiento de este Primer Convenio y del Contrato de Arrendamiento, se someten expresamente a la ley y a la jurisdicci n de los Juzgados Civiles de la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, renunciando expresamente cualquier otra jurisdicci n que pudiera ser aplicable por raz n del domicilio presente o futuro o cualquier otro.   

SIXTH:  The parties hereunder agree that everything to the interpretation and compliance of this First Addendum and the Lease Agreement, they expressly submit to the jurisdiction of the Civil Courts of the City of Tijuana, State of Baja California, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction which might be applicable by reason of their present or future domiciles or otherwise.   

EN VIRTUD DE LO ANTERIOR,   este documento es firmado por duplicado en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, el dia 19 de Septiembre de 2015.   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  this document is signed in duplicate in this City of Tijuana, Baja California, on this September 19 th  2015.   

EL ARRENDADOR:  

LESSOR:  

INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS 
 MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V.  

INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS 
 MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V.  

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios 
 Representante Legal  

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios 
 Legal Representative  

EL ARRENDATARIO:  

LESSEE:  

SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V  

SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V  

/s/ Sr. Frederic Bertland Joseph Bodin  

/s/ Mr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin  

Sr. Frederic Bertland Joseph Bodin 
 Representante Legal  

Mr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin 
 Legal Representative  

TESTIGO:  

WITNESS:  

[Illegible]  

/s/ Tracy Williams  

LAS FIRMAS QUE CONSTAN EN LA PRESENTE HOJA. CORRESPONDEN AL PRIMER CONVENIO MODIFICATORIO, QUE CELEBRAN EN FECHA 19 DE SEPTIEMBRE DE 2015:  INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS,. SA DE CV: Y SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S DE RL DE CV Y COMO GARANTE ESTERUNE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION.   

THE SIGNATURES HEREUNDER BELONG TO THE FIRST ADDENDUM EXECUTED ON SEPTEMBER 19 th  2015 BETWEEN:  INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS, SA DE CV; AND SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S DE RL DE CV AND AS GUARANTOR ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION.   

ITEM   

DESCRIPTION  

UNIT  

QUANTITY  

AMOUNT  

1.  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the installation of a Pad-mounted transformer, rated 1000 KVA, 13200   480/277 volts. Includes:  

EA  

1  

$ 43,180.00  

*  

Medium voltage air-underground transition in a concrete electric pole 12 meters high, with overhead distribution side break switch, 100 amps fuse cutout with 60 amps fuse element, surge protectors, insulators, hardware and fittings; power cable 15 KV 100% insulation level, with pre-molded terminations, 200 amps loadbreak elbow and loadbreak insert; 1000 KVA pad-mounted transformer; ground electrodes, bonding and grounding cables and accessories; and all the necessary civil work for the job.  

2.  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the installation of the utility meter box, according to standard M10 of the electric utility supply company, three phases 480/277 volts. Includes:  

EA  

1  

$11,700  

*  

Auto supported metal enclosed box, with hinged doors, with space for CT s and meter base per M10 standard; the necessary cable, conduit tube and accessories for a 1,200 amps feeder; ground electrode, bonding and grounding cables and accessories; and all the necessary civil work for the job.  

3  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the installation of Main Distribution Panel with main circuit breaker of 1200 amps, rated 480/277 volts, located in warehouse area. includes:  

EA  

1  

$15,370  

*  

Cable, conduit tube and accessories for a 1200 amps feeder from metering cabinet to main distribution panel; Square D autosupported main panel, with a 1200 amps circuit breaker (with ground-fault protection) and branch circuit spaces I-line type.  

4  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the electrical installation of 6 air conditioned equipment (25 ton each). Each equipment includes:  

$23,850  

*  

Branch circuit composed by 3-2 awg line, 1-8 awg equipment grounding conductor, electrical metal tubing, accessories and fittings, protected by a 3x70 amps circuit breaker; safety switches 3x100 amps 480 volts; includes dropdown for thermostat.  

5  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the electrical installation of branch circuit for receptacles installed on rooftops for maintenance of AC equipment. Includes:  

EA  

1  

$2,030  

*  

Installation of two 20 amps branch circuit, for 6 receptacles 15 amps 127 volts GFCI and W.P. protected; accessories and fittings.  

6  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the installation of main lighting panelboard, rated 480/277 volts, located and for warehouse area. Includes:  

EA  

1  

$1,440  

*  

Square D NF panelboard, 18 spaces, 480/277 volts; feeder composed by 3-1/0 awg line, 1-1/0 awg neutral, 1-8 awg equipment grounding conductor, electrical metal tubing, accessories and fittings, protected by a 3x100 amps circuit breaker.  

7  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the electrical installation of lighting fixtures in warehouse/production area. Includes:  

EA  

1  

$20,690  

*  

Installation of eight 20 amps 277 volts branch circuits, for 62 fluorescent high bay luminaires; accessories and fittings.  

8  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the installation of a 75 KVA 480-220/127 volts dry type transformer. Includes:  

EA  

1  

$4,000  

*  

Dry type transformer 75 KVA 480-220/127 volts installed on floor; feeder composed by 3-2 awg line, 1-8 awg equipment grounding conductor, electrical metal tubing, accessories and fittings, protected by a 3x100 amps circuit breaker.  

9   

Supply of materials and labor to perform the installation of a 3 phases, 220/127 volts load center, with main circuit breaker, in warehouse area. Includes:  

EA  

1  

$2,390  

*  

3 phase, 220/127 volts, 30 spaces load center with main of 3x200 amps, installed aside of dry type transformer; feeder composed by 3-4/0 awg line, 1-3/0 awg neutral, 1-2 awg equipment grounding conductor, electrical metal tubing, accessories and fittings.  

EA  

1  

10  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the electrical installation of lightings, receptacles and air conditioned loads in MIS ROOM. Include:  

EA  

1  

$1,015  

*  

1 fluorescent recessed lensed fixture with 3x32 watts lamps and is rocket switch; 4 duplex receptacles 15 amps 127 volts; 1 emergency lighting unit; 1 electrical outlet at safety switch 2x30 amps for air handler unit; necessary 20 amps branch circuits electrical metal tubing, accessories and fittings.  

11  

Supply of materials and labor to perform the electrical installation of lightings, receptacles and outlets in Fire Pump Room. Include:  

EA  

1  

$ 2,550  

*  

2 fluorescent fixture with 2x32 watts lamps and is rocket switch; 6 duplex receptacles 15 amps 127 volts; 4 emergency lighting unit; 4 fluorescent wallpack 42 watts (exterior); 1 branch circuit or a 5 HP jockey pump; 1 load center 12 spaces, 220/127 volts, for the conection of the respective branch circuits of the room (six 1x20, one 3x30 branch circuits); feeder to load center composed by 3-6 awg line, 1-8 awg neutral, 1-10 awg equipment grounding conductor, electrical metal tubing, accessories and fittings, protected by a 3x60 amps circuit breaker.  

12  

Development of electrical project (medium and low voltage); monitoring procedures for the proper connection of the user substation to the power lines of the electric utility company (CFE in Mexico).  

EA  

1  

$2,680  

13  

Supply and monitoring procedures to obtain the approval of the authority having jurisdiction (UVIE in Mexico).  

EA  

1  

$4,170  

SUBTOTAL (NO VAT INCLUDED)  

$135,065  

Note: The cost of the Electrical substation of 150 kva s is $25,850 dlls. Same amount that will have to be deducted from the total of $135,065 Therefore, the Total amount of electrics installations with one 1,000 KVAS transformer is: US$     109,215 dlls plus VAT  
 Note: 

This quote is for the 1 st  phase of the project (Module 1)     

This quote is valid for 15 days from the date of delivery.     

Prices in USD.     

Prices subject to change without notice.     

Is required an advance payment of 30%, and the rest conform progress.     

Delivery time of panelboard, load centers, circuit breakers and similar equipment: are immediate, unless previously sale.     

Delivery time of pad-mounted transformer: are 13 weeks.     

Additional work is charged separately.     

This proposal does not include: payment guarantee required by the electric utility company or other type of charge generated by the same.     

This proposal does not include supply and monitoring procedures to obtain the approval of the authority having jurisdiction (UVIE in Mexico) for the loads of production machinery.     

This proposal does not include the installation of a UPS or similar equipment.     

The fire pump room is considered connected to an electrical panel in Module 4 of the building.     

All circuits and installed materials will be tested at the end of work to ensure proper operation.     

EXHIBIT  F   
 Lessor s Improvements Expenses 

Extraction System in production area not included      

Additional demising wall within the same Module 1 not included     

VAT not included     

EXHIBIT  F1   
 BASE RENT AND TENANT IMPROVEMENTS ANNUAL PAYMENTS 

EXAMPLE FOR ILUSTRATION PURPOSES, REFER TO LEASE AGREEMENT FOR DETAILS.  

SCENARIO WITH A FIXED OR CONSTANT ANNUAL INCREASE (CPI) OF A:  
 
 0.00%  

*Note: The Annual Increase as Lease Agreement is the Orange County CPI with a Max Cap of 3.5%; for ilustration purposes this example considers a 0.00% fixed or constant annual increase. Example does not includes Triple Net Costs.  
 Note: VAT subjet to change due to federal government policies 

EXAMPLE FOR ILUSTRATION PURPOSES, REFER TO LEASE AGREEMENT FOR DETAILS.   

SCENARIO WITH A FIXED OR CONSTANT ANNUAL INCREASE (CPI) OF A:  
 
 1.75%  

*Note: The Annual Increase as Lease Agreement is the Orange County CPI with a Max Cap of 3.5%; for ilustration purposes this example considers a 1.75% fixed or constant annual increase. Example does not includes Triple Net Costs.  
 Note: VAT subject to Charge due to federal government policies 

EXAMPLE FOR ILUSTRATION PURPOSES, REFER TO LEASE AGREEMENT FOR DETAILS.   

SCENARIO WITH A FIXED OR CONSTANT ANNUAL INCREASE (CPI) OF A:  
 
 3.50%  

*Note: The Annual Increase as Lease Agreement is the Orange County CPI with a Max Cap of 3.5%; for illustration purposes this example considers a 3.5% fixed or constant annual Increase. Example does not includes Triple Net Costs. 
 Note: VAT subject to change due to federal government policies 

SEGUNDO CONVENIO MODIFICATORIO al Contrato de Arrendamiento que celebran por una parte   INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS     MAQUILADORAS S.A. DE C.V.,   de aqu  en adelante descrito como el    ARRENDADOR ,   representado por el Sr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, y   SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.,   de aqu  en adelante referido como el    ARRENDATARIO ,   representado por su representante legal, Sr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin, en los t rminos de las siguientes declaraciones y cl usulas:  
  DECLARACIONES:  
 Las partes declaran: 
 I. Que el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO celebraron un Contrato de Arrendamiento fechado el 1 de Septiembre del 2015 (en lo sucesivo el    Contrato de Arrendamiento ),  en el cual el ARRENDADOR arrend  al ARRENDATARIO la Propiedad Arrendada, seg n se define en el Contrato de Arrendamiento. Los t rminos definidos en el Contrato de Arrendamiento tendr n el mismo significado en el presente convenio. 
 II. Que con fecha 19 de septiembre de 2015, celebraron el Primer Convenio Modificatorio al Contrato de Arrendamiento a trav s del cual se a adi  el domicilio y clave catastral de la Propiedad Arrendada, y el   Anexo  F   y la cuota de mantenimiento fueron modificados. 
 III.   Que conforme al   Anexo  F    del Contrato de Arrendamiento, la Renta Adicional actual asciende a   US$8,226.62   (ocho mil doscientos veintis is d lares 62/100 moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) mas el Impuesto al Valor Agregado por mes.  
 IV.   Que es su voluntad celebrar este Segundo Convenio Modificatorio al Contrato de Arrendamiento con el objeto de agregar ciertas Mejoras Adicionales del ARRENDADOR que incluyen lo siguiente:   (i)   equipamiento de unidades complementarias de aire acondicionado requeridas en el   Modulo 1, (ii)   equipamiento de unidades de aire acondicionado en el   Modulo 2,   que se detallan m s adelante.  
 V.   Que mutuamente tienen reconocida la personalidad en los t rminos del Contrato de Arrendamiento que es materia de modificaci n.  

VI.   Que conocen el alcance de las modificaciones al Contrato de Arrendamiento y ambas tienen la capacidad jur dica para cumplir con ellas, por lo  
 SECOND ADDENDUM to the Lease Agreement entered into by and between  INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS S.A. DE C.V.,  hereinafter referred to as   LESSOR ,  represented by Mr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, and  SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.,  hereinafter referred to as   LESSEE ,  represented by its legal representative, Mr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin, pursuant to the following recitals and clauses: 
  RECITALS:  
 The parties declare: 
 I. That LESSOR and the LESSEE have entered into a Lease Agreement dated September 1, 2015, (hereinafter referred to as the    Lease Agreement ),  whereby LESSOR leased to LESSEE the Leased Property, as such term is defined in the Lease Agreement. The defined terms of the Lease Agreement shall have the same meaning in this addendum. 
 II.   That on September 19 th , 2015, the parties executed a First Addendum where the address and cadastral number of the Leased Property were added, and   Exhibit  F    and the maintenance fee were modified.  
 III.   That according to   Exhibit  F    of the Lease Agreement, the Additional Rent currently amounts to   US$8,226.62   (eight thousand two hundred and twenty six Dollars 62/100 legal currency of the United States of America) plus the Value Added Tax per month.  
 IV. That is their intention to enter into this Second Addendum to the Lease Agreement with the objective of adding certain LESSOR Additional Improvements which include the following:   (i)  the supply of complimentary air conditioning units in  Module 1; (ii)  the supply air conditioning units in  Module 2,  which will be itemized below. 
 V. That each other have recognized their legal representation in the terms of the Lease Agreement that is amended under the terms set forth herein.  
 VI. They understand the scope of the amendments to the Lease Agreement and both parties have the legal capacity to perform them, so they have no impediment in executing this  

que no tienen inconveniente en suscribir el presente convenio. 
 En consideraci n de lo anterior, las partes acuerdan las siguientes: 
  CLAUSULAS:  
 PRIMERA. MEJORAS A LA PROPIEDAD ARRENDADA.  El ARRENDADOR, a solicitud del ARRENDATARIO ejecutar  e instalar  una serie de mejoras en la Propiedad Arrendada que formar n parte de las Mejoras Adicionales del ARRENDADOR, mismas que consisten en:  (i)  equipamiento de unidades complementarias requeridas de aire acondicionado en el  Modulo 1,  seg n se describen en el  "Anexo A"  del presente;  (ii)  equipamiento de unidades de aire acondicionado en el  Modulo 2,  seg n se describen en el  "Anexo B"  del presente Segundo Convenio Modificatorio.  
 SEGUNDA. AMORTIZACI N DEL COSTO DE LAS MEJORAS ADICIONALES DEL ARRENDADOR. 
 El costo de las Mejoras Adicionales del ARRENDADOR solicitadas por el ARRENDATARIO es el siguiente:  (i)  por el  Modulo 1,  la cantidad de  US$71,919.00  (setenta y un mil novecientos diecinueve d lares 00/100 moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) mas el impuesto al valor agregado;  (ii)  por el  Modulo 2,  la cantidad de  US$141,045.00  (ciento cuarenta y un mil cuarenta y cinco d lares 00/100 moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) mas el impuesto al valor agregado, cuyo pago ser  a trav s de 114 (ciento once) amortizaciones mensuales de Renta Adicional, seg n describe en el  "Anexo C"  del presente Segundo Convenio Modificatorio. 
 Consecuentemente, a partir del  1 de Julio de 2016,  el ARRENDATARIO deber  pagar al ARRENDADOR mensualmente como Renta Adicional la cantidad de  US$2,672.98 d lares (Dos mil seiscientos setenta y dos d lares 98/100 moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica),  m s el Impuesto al Valor Agregado que resulte aplicable al momento de pago, la cual se agregar  a la Renta Adicional (mejoras) actual que asciende a  US$8,226.62  (ocho mil doscientos veintis is d lares 62/100 moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) mas el Impuesto al Valor Agregado. 
 La Renta Adicional deber  ser pagada junto con la Renta Base y la Cuota de Mantenimiento, seg n se definen en el Contrato de Arrendamiento, dentro de los primeros diez (10) d as de cada mes de 

Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the above the parties agree to the following: 
  CLAUSES:  
 FIRST. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE LEASED PROPERTY.  LESSOR, at LESSEE'S request, will execute and install a series of improvements in the Leased Property that will form part of LESSOR'S Additional Improvements, consisting of:  (i)  the supply of complementary air conditioning units in  Module 1,  as detailed in  "Exhibit A"  of this Second Addendum;  (ii)  the supply of air conditioning units in  Module 2,  as detailed in  "Exhibit B"  of this Second Addendum.  
 SECOND. AMORTIZATION OF THE COST OF LESSOR'S ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENTS. 
 The cost of LESSOR s Additional Improvements requested by LESSEE is the following:  (i)  for  Module 1,  the amount of  US$ US$71,919.00 Dollars  (Seventy one thousand nine hundred and nineteen Dollars 00/100 legal currency of the United States of America) plus the value added tax;  (ii)  for  Module 2,  the amount of  US$141,045.00  (one hundred forty one thousand forty five Dollars 00/100 legal currency of the United States of America) plus the value added tax, which shall be paid in 114 (one hundred and eleven) monthly installments of Additional Rent, as itemized in  "Exhibit C"  of this Second Addendum. 
 Consequently, as of  July 1st, 2016,  LESSEE shall pay to LESSOR Additional Rent in the amount of  US$2,672.98 dollars (Two thousand six hundred and seventy two dollars 98/100, Legal Currency of the United States of America)  plus the corresponding Value Added Tax at the moment of payment, which shall be added to the current Additional Rent (improvements) of  US$8,226.62  (eight thousand two hundred and twenty six Dollars 62/100 legal currency of the United States of America) plus value added tax. 
 Additional Rent shall be paid along with the Base Rent and the Maintenance Fee, as such terms are defined in the Lease Agreement, within the 

calendario, y ser n sujetas a las penalidades por pago tard o establecidas en el Contrato de Arrendamiento.  
 TERCERA:  En caso de terminaci n anticipada del Contrato de Arrendamiento, el Arrendatario deber  pagar junto con el resto de las cantidades adeudadas conforme al Contrato de Arrendamiento, el saldo de la Renta Adicional pendiente de pago a la fecha de terminaci n, en los t rminos establecidos en el Contrato de Arrendamiento.  
 CUARTA.  La Garant a descrita en la Cl usula XXVI p rrafo N del Contrato de Arrendamiento se mantiene vigente y efectiva, y es aplicable y extensive al Contrato de Arrendamiento, mismo que ha sido modificado por este Segundo Convenio Modificatorio.  
 QUINTA : Todos los otros t rminos y condiciones del Contrato de Arrendamiento se mantendr n y continuar n vigentes y v lidos. De conformidad con lo anterior, las paries aqu  acuerdan que este Segundo Convenio Modificatorio modifica  nicamente los derechos y obligaciones aqu  descritos y que todos las dem s derechos y obligaciones se mantienen vigentes y sin cambios, por lo que en este instrumento no existe novaci n. El Contrato de Arrendamiento regula cualquier cuesti n relativa al arrendamiento que no se encuentren espec ficamente modificadas en el presente.  
 SEXTA:  Este documento y el Contrato de Arrendamiento forman parte del mismo como un solo documento, conteniendo estos las condiciones y promesas realizados entre las partes, y no deber n ser modificados verbalmente o de ninguna otra manera m s que en un convenio por escrito firmado por los representantes autorizados de las partes.  
 S PTIMA:  Este Segundo Convenio Modificatorio se firma en espa ol e ingles. En caso de que resultare alguna inconsistencia con respecto a su interpretaci n, la versi n en espa ol prevalecer .  
 OCTAVA:  Las partes aqu  acuerdan que todo lo relativo a la interpretaci n y cumplimiento de este Segundo Convenio Modificatorio y del Contrato de Arrendamiento se somete expresamente a     la ley y a la jurisdicti n de los Juzgados Civiles de la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, renunciando expresamente a cualquier otra jurisdicci n que pudiera ser aplicable por raz n del domicilio presente o futuro, o cualquier otra raz n.  

first ten (10) days of each calendar month, and will be subject to the late payment penalties established in the Lease Agreement. 
 THIRD:  In the event of early termination of the Lease Agreement, LESSEE shall pay together with any other amounts due under the Lease Agreement, the balance of any Additional Rent that may be pending on the date of termination under the terms set forth in the Lease Agreement.  
 FOURTH.  The Guaranty described in Clause XXVI paragraph N of the Lease Agreement remains in full force and effect, and applies and extends to the Lease Agreement as amended by this Second Addendum.  
 FIFTH:  All other terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement will remain and continue in full force and effect. Pursuant to foregoing, the parties hereby agree that this Second Addendum modifies only the rights and obligations herein described, and all other rights and obligations remain valid and unchanged; therefore, this document does not cause a novation. The Lease Agreement shall govern any matter related to the lease which is expressly modified herein.  
 SIXTH:  This document forms a part of the Lease Agreement as one sole document; they all contain the conditions and promises made between the parties and may not be modified orally or in any manner, other than by a written agreement signed by the authorized representatives of the parties.  
 SEVENTH:  This Second Addendum is executed in Spanish and English. In the event there is any inconsistency with respect to its interpretation, the Spanish version shall prevail.  
 EIGHTH.  The parties hereunder agree that everything related to the interpretation and performance of this Second Addendum and the Lease Agreement is expressly submitted to the law and the jurisdiction of the Civil Courts of the City of Tijuana, State of Baja California, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction which may be applicable by reason of their present or future domiciles, or any other reason.  

EN VIRTUD DE LO ANTERIOR , este documento es firmado por triplicado en la     Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, el d a 05 de Mayo de 2016.  
   
 EL ARRENDADOR: 
 INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS 
 MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V. 

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios 
 Representante Legal 
   
 EL ARRENDATARIO: 
 SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. 

Sr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin 
 Representante Legal 
   
 TESTIGO: 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  this document is signed in triplicate in this City of Tijuana, Baja California, on this May 5th 2016.  
   
 LESSOR: 
   
 INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS 
 MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V. 

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios 
 Legal Representative 
   
 LESSEE: 
   
 SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. 

Mr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin 
 Legal Representative 
   
 WITNESS: 

EXHIBIT "C"  
 ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENTS 

*VAT not included    

*VAT not included 
   
  Note:   Monthly payments to be performed in advanced along with the base rent during the first days of each month. VAT subject to change due to federal government policies  

A/C IN   MODULE B   OF DUNA BUILDING  

Note: 
  Price does not include VAT.  
 Completion Time: 8 weeks 
 Warranty: One Year on Materials   Labor. 

A/C     COMPLEMEN  T  ARlO     DEL     MODULO   1   D  E     SUNBANK  

Note: 
   
  Price     does     not     include     VAT.   
 Completion   Time:   6   weeks 
 Warranty:   One   Year   on   Materials       Labor. 

TERCER CONVENIO MODIFICATORIO al Contrato de Arrendamiento que celebran por una parte   INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS     MAQUILADORAS S.A. DE C.V.,   de aqui en adelante descrito como el   "ARRENDADOR",   representado por el Sr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, y   SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.,   de aqui en adelante referido como el   "ARRENDATARIO",   representado por su representante legal, Sr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin, en los t rminos de las siguientes declaraciones y cl usulas:  
  DECLARACIONES:  
 Las partes declaran: 
 I. Que el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO celebraron un Contrato de Arrendamiento fechado el 1 de  Septiembre  del 2015 (en lo sucesivo el   "Contrato de Arrendamiento"),  en el cual el ARRENDADOR arrend  al ARRENDATARIO la Propiedad  Arrendada,  seg n  se  define  en  el Contrato de Arrendamiento. Los t rminos definidos en el Contrato de Arrendamiento tendr n el mismo significado en el presente convenio. 
 II.   Que con fecha 19 de septiembre de 2015, celebraron  el  Primer Convenio Modificatorio al Contrato de Arrendamiento a trav s del cual se a adi   el  domicilio  y  clave  catastral  de  la Propiedad Arrendada, y el   Anexo "F"   y la cuota de mantenimiento fueron modificados.  
 III.   Que en fecha 14 de abril de 2016, celebraron un Segundo Convenio Modificatorio al Contrato de Arrendamiento a trav s del cual se agregaron mejoras  adicionales  solicitadas  por  el ARRENDATARIO, con un costo por el Modulo 1, por la cantidad de   US$71,919.00 d lares, m s IVA    y por  el Modulo 2, la cantidad de   US$141,045.00 d lares, m s IVA.  
 IV.   Que es  su  voluntad  celebrar este  Tercer Convenio  Modificatorio  al  Contrato  de Arrendamiento  con  el  objeto  de  agregar  la siguiente Mejora: (i) Instalaciones El ctricas para transformador del Modulo 2, de conformidad a lo establecido en el   "ANEXO A"   que se agrega al presente instrumento legal.  
 V.   Que mutuamente tienen reconocida la personalidad  en  los t rminos del  Contrato de Arrendamiento que es materia de modificaci n.  
 VII. Que conocen el alcance de las modificaciones al Contrato de Arrendamiento y ambas tienen la capacidad juridica para cumplir con ellas, por lo que no tienen inconveniente en suscribir el 

THIRD ADDENDUM to the Lease Agreement entered into by and between   INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS S.A. DE C.V.,   hereinafter referred to as   "LESSOR"  , represented by Mr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, and   SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.,   hereinafter referred to as   "LESSEE"  , represented by its legal representative, Mr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin, pursuant to the following recitals and clauses:  
  RECITALS:  
 The parties declare: 
 I. That LESSOR and the LESSEE have entered into a Lease Agreement dated September 1, 2015, (hereinafter referred to as the   "Lease Agreement"),   whereby  LESSOR  leased  to LESSEE the Leased Property, as such term is defined in the Lease Agreement. The defined terms of the Lease Agreement shall have the same meaning in this addendum. 
 II.   That on September 19 th , 2015, the parties executed a First Addendum where the address and cadastral number of the Leased Property were added, and   Exhibit "F"   and the maintenance fee were modified.  
 III.   That on April 14 th , 2016, the parties executed a  Second  Addendum  where  certain improvements were added  as requested  by LESSEE, with a cost for Module 1, the amount of   US$71,919.00 dollars, plus value added tax;   and  for  Module  2, the  amount  of   US$141,045.00 dollars plus value added tax.  
 IV.   That is their intention to enter into this Third Addendum to the Lease Agreement with the objective of adding an Additional Improvement consisting of:   (i)   Electrical  Installations  for Transformer in Module 2, according to   "EXHIBIT A",   attached to this legal instrument.  
 V.   That each other have recognized their legal representation in the  terms  of  the  Lease Agreement that is amended under the terms set forth herein.  
 VII. They understand the scope of the amendments to the Lease Agreement and both parties have the legal capacity to perform them, so they have no impediment in executing this 

presente convenio.  
 En consideraci n de lo anterior, las partes acuerdan las siguientes: 
  C L A U S U L A S:  
 PRIMERA. MEJORAS A LA PROPIEDAD ARRENDADA.  El ARRENDADOR, a solicitud del ARRENDATARIO ejecutar  e instalar  una serie de mejoras en la Propiedad Arrendada que formar n parte de las Mejoras Adicionales del ARRENDADOR, mismas que consisten en:  (i)  Instalaciones El ctricas para Transformador en el Modulo 2, de conformidad a lo establecido en el  "ANEXO A",  que se agrega al presente instrumento legal.  
 SEGUNDA. AMORTIZACI N DEL COSTO DE LAS MEJORAS ADICIONALES DEL ARRENDADOR. 
 El costo de las Mejoras Adicionales del ARRENDADOR solicitadas por el ARRENDATARIO es el siguiente: (i) la cantidad de  US$65,395.00 d lares  (Sesenta y cinco mil trescientos noventa y cinco d lares 00/100 moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) mas el impuesto al valor agregado, cuyo pago ser  a trav s de 114 (ciento catorce) amortizaciones mensuales de Renta Adicional, seg n describe en el  "Anexo B"  del presente Tercer Convenio Modificatorio. 
 Consecuentemente, a partir del  1 de Julio de 2016,  el ARRENDATARIO deber  pagar al ARRENDADOR (mejoras) mensualmente como Renta Adicional la cantidad de  US$ 820.79 d lares (ochocientos veinte d lares 79/100 moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica),  m s el Impuesto al Valor Agregado que resulte aplicable al momento de pago. Esta cantidad se agregar  a la cantidad de  US$2,672.98 d lares (Dos mil seiscientos setenta y dos dolares   98/100 moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica),  m s el Impuesto al Valor Agregado que resulte aplicable al momento de pago que por concepto de Renta Adicional (mejoras) de acuerdo a lo estipulado en el Segundo Convenio Modificatorio, "Anexo C"; asl como la cantidad de  US$8,226.62  (ocho mil doscientos veintis is d lares 62/100 moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) mas el Impuesto al Valor Agregado por las Renta Adicional de las mejoras estipuladas en el Contrato de Arrendamiento e identificado como  "Anexo F".  
 La Renta Adicional deber  ser pagada junto con la Renta Base y la Cuota de Mantenimiento, segun se 

Agreement. 
 Pursuant   to   the   above   the   parties   agree   to   the   following: 
  C     L     A     U     S     E     S:  
 FIRST.   IMPROVEMENTS   TO   THE   LEASED PROPERTY.    LESSOR,     at     LESSEE's     request,     will execute     and     install     a     series of     improvements     in the     Leased Property     that will     form part of LESSOR's     Additional     Improvements,     consisting of:    (i)    Electrical     Installations     for     transformer  in  Module     2,     as detailed    in   "Exhibit   A",    of     this     Legal Instrument.  
 SECOND.   AMORTIZATION   OF   THE   COST   OF LESSOR'S ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENTS. 
 The   cost   of   LESSOR's   Additional   Improvements requested   by   LESSEE   is   the   following:  (i)    the amount of.    US$65,395.00     Dollars  (Sixty   five thousand   three   hundred   ninety   five   dollars   00/100 legal   currency   of   the   United States   of   America) plus   the   value   added   tax,   which   shall   be   paid   in 114   (one hundred   and fourteen) monthly installments of   Additional   Rent,   as   itemized   in  "Exhibit B"    of   this   Tercer   Addendum. 
 Consequently,   as of  July     1st, 2016,    LESSEE shall pay to LESSOR Additional Rent (improvements)    in    the amount of  US$ 820.79 dollars (eight hundred and twenty 79//100, Legal Currency     of the United States of America)    plus   the   corresponding Value   Added Tax   at   the   moment   of   payment.   This   amount   will be   added   to   the   amount   of    US$2,672.98     dollars (Two     thousand     six     hundred     and     seventy     two dollars     98/100,     Legal     Currency     of     the     United States of America)  plus the corresponding Value   Added   Tax   at   the   moment   of   payment   for   the   Additional   Rent   (improvernents)   according   to what   is   stated   in   the   Second   Addendum   "Exhibit C";   as   well   as   the   amount   of    US$8,226.62    (eight thousand   two   hundred and twenty six Dollars 62/100 legal   currency of the   United States   of America)   plus   value   added   tax   for   the   Additional Rent (improvements) stated in the Lease Agreement   and   detailed   in    "Exhibit     F".  
 Additional   Rent   shall   be   paid   along   with   the   Base Rent   and   the   Maintenance   Fee,   as   such   terms 

definen en el Contrato de Arrendamiento, dentro de los primeros diez (10) dias de cada mes de calendario, y ser n sujetas a las penalidades por pago tard o establecidas en el Contrato de Arrendamiento.  
 TERCERA:  En caso de terminaci n anticipada del Contrato de Arrendamiento, el Arrendatario deber  pagar junto con el resto de las cantidades adeudadas conforme al Contrato de Arrendamiento, el saldo de la Renta Adicional pendiente de pago a la fecha de terminaci n, en los t rminos establecidos en el Contrato de Arrendamiento.  
 CUARTA.  La Garantia descrita en la Cl usula XXVI p rrafo N del Contrato de Arrendamiento se mantiene vigente y efectiva, y es aplicable y extensiva al Contrato de Arrendamiento, mismo que ha sido modificado por este Tercer Convenio Modificatorio.  
 QUINTA:  Todos los otros t rminos y condiciones del Contrato de Arrendamiento se mantendr n y continuar n vigentes y v lidos. De conformidad con lo anterior, las partes aqu  acuerdan que este Tercer Convenio Modificatorio modifica  nicamente los derechos y obligaciones aqu  descritos y que todos las dem s derechos y obligaciones se mantienen vigentes y sin cambios, por lo que en este instrumento no existe novaci n. El Contrato de Arrendamiento regula cualquier cuesti n relativa al arrendamiento que no se encuentren especificamente modificadas en el presente.  
 SEXTA:  Este documento y el Contrato de Arrendamiento forman parte del mismo como un solo documento, conteniendo estos las condiciones y promesas realizados entre las partes, y no deber n ser modificados verbalmente o de ninguna otra manera m s que en un convenio por escrito firmado por los representantes autorizados de las partes.  
 S PTIMA:  Este Tercer Convenio Modificatorio se firma en espa ol e ingles. En caso de que resultare alguna inconsistencia con respecto a su interpretaci n, la versi n en espa ol prevalecer .  
 OCTAVA:  Las partes aqu  acuerdan que todo lo relativo a la interpretaci n y cumplimiento de este Tercer Convenio Modificatorio y del Contrato de Arrendamiento se somete expresamente a la ley y a la jurisdicci n de los Juzgados Civiles de la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, renunciando expresamente a cualquier otra jurisdicci n que pudiera ser aplicable por raz n del domicilio presente o futuro, o cualquier otra raz n.  
 EN VIRTUD DE LO ANTERIOR,  este documento  

are defined in the Lease Agreement, within the first ten (10) days of each calendar month, and will be subject to the late payment penalties established in the Lease Agreement.  
 THIRD:  In the event of early termination of the Lease Agreement, LESSEE shall pay together with any other amounts due under the Lease Agreement, the balance of any Additional Rent that may be pending on the date of termination, under the terms set forth in the Lease Agreement.  
 FOURTH.  The Guaranty described in Clause XXVI paragraph N of the Lease Agreement remains in full force and effect, and applies and extends to the Lease Agreement as amended by this Third Addendum.  
 FIFTH:  All other terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement will remain and continue in full force and effect. Pursuant to foregoing, the parties hereby agree that this Third Addendum modifies only the rights and obligations herein described, and all other rights and obligations remain valid and unchanged; therefore, this document does not cause a novation. The Lease Agreement shall govern any matter related to the lease which is expressly modified herein.  
 SIXTH:  This document forms a part of the Lease Agreement as one sole document; they all contain the conditions and promises made between the parties and may not be modified orally or in any manner, other than by a written agreement signed by the authorized representatives of the parties.  
 SEVENTH:  This Third Addendum is executed in Spanish and English. In the event there is any inconsistency with respect to its interpretation, the Spanish version shall prevail.  
 EIGHTH.  The parties hereunder agree that everything related to  the  interpretation and      performance of this Third Addendum and the n Lease Agreement is expressly submitted to the law and the jurisdiction of the Civil Courts of the City of Tijuana, State of Baja California, expressly waiving  any other jurisdiction which  may be applicable by reason of their present or future domiciles, or any other reason.  
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF  this document is signed  

es firmado por     triplicado en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, el d a 23 de Mayo de 2016.  
   
 EL ARRENDADOR: 
 INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS 
 MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V. 

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios 
 Representante Legal 
   
 EL ARRENDATARIO: 
 SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. 

Sr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin 
 Representante Legal 
   
 TESTIGO: 

in triplicate in this City of Tijuana, Baja California, on this May 23 rd , 2016.  
   
 LESSOR: 
 INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS 
 MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V. 

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios 
 Legal Representative 
   
 LESSEE: 
 SUNBANK DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. 

Mr. Frederic Bertrand Joseph Bodin 
 Legal Representative 
   
 WITNESS: 

INSTALACIONES ELECTRICAS PARA TRANSFORMADOR DEL MODULO 2  

ITEM     
 
 DESCRIPTION  
 
 UNIT  
 
 QUANTITY  
 
 AMOUNT  

1.     
 
 Suministro de materiales y mano de obra para realizar instalaci n de subestaci n el ctrica de 1000 KVA 13,200-480/277 volts tipo pedestal. Incluye:     
 
 LOTE  
 
 1  
 
 $ 19,800  

*     
 
 -Instalac n de poste de concrete de 12 metros para transici n a reo subterr nea.  
 -Instalaci n de interruptor tripolar en aire Inertia para 15 KV.  
 -Instalaci n de cuchillas portafusibles de 100 amperes, fusibles de list n de 60 amperes y apartarrayos.  
 -Instalaci n de aisladores de suspensi n, crucetas met licas, herrajes y accesorios de fijac n y conexi n.  
 -Instalaci n de circuito alimentador en media tensi n con cables de potencia XLP, 15 KV.  
 -Instalaci n de 3 mufas contr ctiles en fr o para cable de potencia.  
 -Instalaci n de 3 terminales tipo codo para cable de potencia.  
 -Instalaci n de 3 adaptadores de tierra para cable de potencia.  
 -Instalaci n de 3 boquillas tipo inserto para 15 KV en transformador.  
 -Instalaci n de transformador trif sico tipo pedestal de 1000 KVA, 13200-480/277 volts (Suministrado por Esterline).  
 -Suministro de brocal y tapa para registro.  
 -Instalaci n de red de tierras.     

2.     
 
 Suministro de materiales y mano de obra para realizar instalaci n de base de medici n M-10, trif sica, 220/127 volts, Incluye:     
 
 LOTE  
 
 1  
 
 $13,970  

*     
 
 -Elaboraci n de zanja en tierra para introducir canalizaci n subterr nea desde transformador.  
 -Instalaci n de canalizaci n a base de tuber a PVC.  
 -Instalaci n de gabinete met lico M-10, autosoportado.  
 -Instalaci n y conexion de base de medici n de 13 navajas con espacio para block de pruebas.  
 -Instalaci n y conexi n de block de pruebas.  
 -Instalaci n de cableado de alimentador desde transformador hasta interrupter principal para una capacidad de 1200 amperes.  
 -Conexion a red de tierras.     

3     
 
 Suministro de materiales y mano de obra para la instalaci n de tablero de distribuci n autosoportado con interruptor principal de 1200 amperes, 480/277 volts, en  rea de almac n. Incluye:     
 
 LOTE  
 
 1  
 
 $16,148  

*     
 
 -Instalaci n de canalizaci n met lica para interconectar tablero autosoportado con gabinete de base de medici n.  
 -Instalaci n de tablero autosoportado de distribuci n tipo combo con interruptor principal de 1200 amperes con protecci n de falla a tierra y secci n de distribuci n tipo I-Line, marca Square D.     

4     
 
 Elaboraci n de proyecto el ctrico de subestaci n, suministro de certificado de verificaci n (UVIE) en media tensi n y elaboraci n de tramites ante CFE para contrataci n de energ a.     
 
 LOTE  
 
 1  
 
 $6,490  

5     
 
 Suministro de materiales y mano de obra para elaboraci n obra civil, Incluye :     
 
 LOTE  
 
 1  
 
 $8,987  

-Construcci n de registro con muros de block.  
 -Afine y compactaci n de plataforma.  
 -Colado de plataforma de 15 cms de espesor.  
 -Base de concreto para transformador y canaleta contra derrames de aceite y tapaderas metalicas.  
 -Excavaciones en tierra, demolici n de banqueta de concreto y perforaci n en muro de concreto.     

SUBTOTAL  

$65,395  

Nota: 

*   
 
  No incluye IVA     

*   
 
  Precios en D lares     

*   
 
  Tiempo de entrega de tablero e interruptores: Inmediato, salvo previa venta.     

*   
 
  Precios sujeto a cambios sin previo aviso.     

*   
 
  No se incluye suministro de transformador de 1,000 KVAS      

*   
 
  Se requiere que el transformador suministrado por el cliente contenga reporte de pruebas solicitado por CFE     

*   
 
  No se incluye pagos a CFE o ning n tipo de derechos a     esta dependencia.     

*   
 
  No se incluye certificado de verificaci n (UVIE) para instalaciones el ctricas de maquinaria de producci n.     

*   
 
  Trabajos adicionales se cobran por separado.     

EXHIBIT "B"  
 ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENTS 

*VAT not included 
   
  Note:   Monthly payments to be performed in advanced along with the base rent during the first days of each month .VAT subject to change due to federal government policies  

</EX-10.57>

<EX-10.58>
 8
 esl-ex1058_2201.htm
 EX-10.58

esl-ex1058_2201.htm

Exhibit 10.58 
 CONVENIO MODIFICATORIO AL CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO 
 AMENDMENT TO THE LEASE AGREEMENT 
 Celebrado entre  
 Entered into by and between 
  Mex-lndustrial Assets, S. de R.L. de C.V.  
 ( Arrendador /  Lessor ) 
 y / and 
 Esterline Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 ( Arrendatario  /  Lessee ) 
 Con fecha 2 de diciembre de 2015 
 Dated December 2, 2015 
 Respecto de / Regarding the IGS - El  guila II Property 
 ( Propiedad Arrendada )  
 ( Leased Property ) 

AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 2, 2015, ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN MEX-INDUSTRIAL ASSETS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V., (HEREINAFTER, THE   LESSOR  ), REPRESENTED BY WINSTON LACHLAN ELTING LAABS, AND ON THE OTHER SIDE ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. (HEREINAFTER, THE   LESSEE  ), REPRESENTED BY SCOTT CRAWFORD, PURSUANT TO THE FOLLOWING REPRESENTATIONS AND CLAUSES:  
 
 MODIFICACI N AL CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO DE FECHA 2 DE DICIEMBRE, 2015, QUE CELEBRAN POR UNA PARTE MEX-INDUSTRIAL ASSETS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V., (EN LO SUCESIVO EL   ARRENDADOR  ), REPRESENTADO EN ESTE ACTO POR WINSTON LACHLAN ELTING LAABS, Y POR LA OTRA PARTE ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. (EN LO SUCESIVO EL   ARRENDATARIO  ), REPRESENTADO EN ESTE ACTO POR SCOTT CRAWFORD, AL TENOR DE LAS SIGUIENTES DECLARACIONES Y CLAUSULAS:  

REPRESENTATIONS 

DECLARACIONES  

1.     The Parties hereby recite through their legal representatives that: 
 1.a.        On June 4, 2014, they entered into a lease agreement (the   Lease Agreement  ) with respect to an industrial facility with an area of 57,694 square feet, located at Avenida  guila Azteca No. 19430, Col. Baja Maq El  guila, 22101 Tijuana, Baja California (the   Leased Property  ). 
 1.b.        The Lease Agreement provided in its Section 3.3 that Lessee had four (4) expansion options in favor of Lessee to expand the leasable area of the Leased Property. 
 1.c.        The Parties wish to amend the terms of Section 3.3. to extend the period for the exercise of the First, Second and Third Expansion Options for an additional six (6) months, for a total of twenty four (24) months. 
 1.d.        The defined terms used in the Lease Agreement are used in this Amendment Agreement with the same meaning attributed to them in the Lease Agreement, unless a different meaning has been attributed to them in this Amendment Agreement. 
 Now therefore, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the parties expressly agree pursuant to the following: 
 CLAUSES 
 CLAUSE I 
  Amendments to the Lease Agreement  
  First.   Section 3.3 of the Lease Agreement is hereby amended to read as follows:   
 
 1.     Declaran   las   Partes   por   conducto   de   su representante que: 
 1.a.        Con fecha 4 de junio de 2014, celebraron un contrato de arrendamiento (el   Contrato de Arrendamiento  ) respecto a un edificio industrial con una superficie de 57,694 pies cuadrados, ubicado en Avenida  guila Azteca No. 19430, Col. Baja Maq El  guila, 22101 Tijuana, Baja California (la   Propiedad Arrendada  ). 
 1.b.        El Contrato de Arrendamiento estableci  en su Secci n 3.3. que el Arrendatario tenia cuatro (4) opciones de expansi n en favor del Arrendatario para expandir el  rea rentable de la Propiedad Arrendada. 
 1.c.        Que las Partes desean modificar los t rminos de la Secci n 3.3. para ampliar el plazo para el ejercicio de la Primera, Segunda y Tercera Opciones de Expansi n por seis (6) meses adicionales, por un total de veinticuatro (24) meses. 
 1.d.        Los t rminos definidos utilizados en el Contrato de Arrendamiento se utilizan en este Convenio Modificatorio con el mismo significado a ellos atribuido en el Contrato de Arrendamiento, salvo que dentro de este Convenio Modificatorio se les atribuya un significado diferente. 
 Estando de acuerdo con las declaraciones que anteceden, las partes convienen en sujetarse a las siguientes: 
 CL USULAS 
 CLAUSULA I 
  Modificaciones al Contrato de Arrendamiento  
  Primera:   Se modifica la Secci n 3.3 del Contrato de Arrendamiento para quedar redactada como sigue:   

3.3      Expansion Options.   Lessee shall have the option to request Lessor to expand the rentable area of the Leased Property as defined in   Exhibit  I    under the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3.4 (the  Expansion Work ).  
 The Expansion Work shall be completed to substantially the same level and quality of fit and finish as the existing Leased Property. The First, Second Third and Fourth Expansion Options, (collectively or individually an  Expansion Qption(s) ) are as follows and are payable as part of the Lease Price: 
  First Expansion Option;   (+/-  42,898 SF)     The Lessee shall have the option to exercise the right to expand the Leased Property by approximately an additional 42,898 square feet for twenty four (24) months from the Commencement Date, the  First Expansion Option . The first six (6) months of the First Expansion Option shall be at no cost to Lessee: the remaining eighteen (18) months of the First Expansion Option shall be at a price of US$1,350.00 (One thousand three hundred and fifty dollars) per month for months seven through twelve and $3,350.00 (three thousand three hundred and fifty dollars) per month for months thirteen through twenty four (the  First Expansion Option Fee ). 
  Second Expansion Option;  (+/-45,166 SF )    After or   concurrent to the completion of the First Option to Expand, the Lessee shall have the option to exercise the right to expand the Leased Property by approximately an additional 45,166 square feet for twenty four (24) months from the initial Commencement Date, the  Second Expansion Option . The first six (6) months of the Second Expansion Option shall be at no cost to Lessee, the remaining eighteen (18) months of the Second Expansion Option shall be at a price of US$1,350.00 (One thousand three hundred and fifty dollars) per month for months seven through twelve and $3,350.00 (three thousand three hundred and fifty dollars) per month for months thirteen through twenty four (the  Second Expansion Option Fee ). 
  Third Expansion Option;  (+/-118,726 SF)   Lessee shall have the option to exercise the right to expand the Leased Property by approximately an additional 118,726 square feet within the new building identified in Exhibit  I  for eighteen (18) months from the initial Commencement Date, the  Third Expansion Option . The first six (6) months of the Third Expansion Option shall be at no cost to Lessee, the remaining twelve (12) months of the Third Expansion Option shall be at a price ofUS$ 3,500.00  (Three thousand five hundred dollars) per month for months seven through twelve  
 
  3.3      Opciones de Expansi n.   El Arrendatario tendr  la opci n de pedir al Arrendador expandir el  rea rentable de la Propiedad Arrendada de acuerdo al   Anexo  I    bajo los t rminos y condiciones expuestos en  sta Secci n 3.3 (el  Trabajo de Expansi n ).  
 El Trabajo de Expansi n ser  completado sustancialmente en el mismo nivel y calidad de ajuste y terminado como la Propiedad Arrendada existente. La Primera, Segunda, Tercera y Cuarta Opciones de Expansi n, (de manera colectiva o individual una  Opci n de Expansi n(es) ) ser n como sigue y pagaderas como parte del Precio del Arrendamiento: 
  Primera Opci n de Expansi   (+/- 42,898 SF )    El Arrendatario tendr  la opci n de ejercer el derecho de expandir la Propiedad Arrendada por aproximadamente 42,898 pies cuadrados adicionales durante los veinticuatro (24) meses siguientes a la Fecha de Inicio, la  Primera Opci n de Expansi n . Los primeros seis (6) meses de la Primera Opci n de Expansi n ser n sin costo alguno para el Arrendatario: los (18) meses restantes de la Primera Opci n de Expansi n ser n a un precio de US $1,350.00 (Mil trescientos cincuenta d lares) mensuales, desde el s ptimo hasta el doceavo mes, y $3,350.00 (Tres mil trescientos cincuenta d lares) mensuales del treceavo hasta el vig simo cuarto mes (La  Cuota de la Primera Opci n de Expansi n ). 
  Segunda Opci n de Expansi   (+/-45,166 SF)   Despu s o simult neamente a la finalizaci n de la Primera Opci n de Expansi n, el Arrendatario tendr  la opci n de ejercer la Expansi n de la Propiedad Arrendada por un  rea adicional de aproximadamente de 45,166 pies cuadrados, durante los veinticuatro (24) meses siguientes a la Fecha de Inicio, la  Segunda Opci n de Expansi n . Los primeros seis (6) meses de la Segunda Opci n de Expansi n ser n sin costo alguno para el Arrendatario; los dieciocho (18) meses restantes de la Segunda Opci n de Expansi n ser n a un precio de US$1,350.00 (Mil trescientos cincuenta d lares) mensuales desde el s ptimo hasta el doceavo mes y $3,350.00 (Tres mil trescientos cincuenta d lares) mensuales del treceavo hasta el vig simo cuarto mes (la  Cuota de la Segunda Opci n de Expansi n). 
  Tercera Opci n de Expansi   (+/-118,726 SF)   El Arrendatario tendr  la opci n de ejercer el derecho de expandir la Propiedad Arrendada por un  rea adicional de aproximadamente 118,726 pies cuadrados dentro del nuevo edificio identificado en el Anexo  I  durante los dieciocho (18) meses siguientes a la Fecha de Inicio, la  Tercera Opci n de Expansi n . Los primeros seis (6) meses de la Tercera Opci n de Expansi n ser n sin costo alguno para el Arrendatario; los doce (12) meses restantes de la Tercera Opci n d e  Expansi n ser n a un precio de US$3,500.00 (Tres mil quinientos d lares) mensuales del s ptimo al doceavo mes  y  $7,500.00  

and   $7,500.00   (Seven thousand five hundred dollars) per month for months thirteen through eighteen, (the  Third Expansion Option Fee ). 
 However, if the Lessor starts construction at any time during the Lease Term on the additional space described under the Third Expansion Option, then the Third Expansion Option shall be automatically cancelled and the Lessee shall thereafter have a First Right of Refusal at the then existing Lease Price per square foot. In such case, the Fourth Option to Expand would remain valid. 
  Fourth Expansion Option;  (+/-55,025   SF) - After or concurrent to the completion of the First and Second Option to Expand, the Lessee shall have the option to exercise the right to expand the Leased Property by approximately an additional 55,025 square feet within the existing building currently occupied by Meiki de BC, SA de CV for thirty six (36) months from the initial Commencement Date, the  Fourth Expansion Option . The first six (6) months of the Fourth Expansion Option shall be at no cost to Lessee,   the remaining thirty (30) months of the Fourth Expansion Option shall be at a price of US$1,650.00 (One thousand six hundred and fifty dollars) per month for months seven through thirty-six (the  Fourth Expansion Option Fee ). 
 At any time, Lessee shall have the right to either exercise any one or all of these Options or to relinquish any one or all of these Options, provided the Options are exercised in accordance with the preceding paragraphs, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties in writing. If Lessee relinquishes any Option, then Lessee shall immediately cease paying that applicable Option Fee. If or when any Expansion Option expires or is relinquished, the Option shall immediately convert to an ongoing First Right of Refusal which shall remain during the Lease Term and Lease Renewal Terms.   
 
 (Siete mil quinientos d lares) mensuales del treceavo al d cimo octavo mes, (la  Cuota de la Tercera Opci n de Expansi n ). 
 No obstante. si el Arrendador comienza a construir durante el T rmino del Arrendamiento en el espacio adicional descrito anteriormente, la Tercera Opci n de Expansi n se cancelar  autom ticamente y el Arrendatario tendr  un derecho al tanto para renter en el Precio del Arrendamiento vigente entonces por pie cuadrado. En  se caso, la Cuarta Opci n de Expansi n permanecer  valida. 
  Cuarta Opci n de Expansi   (+/-55,025   SF) - Con posterioridad o de manera concurrente a   completarse la Primera y Segunda Opci n de Expansi n, el Arrendatario tendr  la Opci n de ejercer el derecho de expansi n de la Propiedad Arrendada por un  rea adicional de aproximadamente 55,025 pies cuadrados dentro de la construcci n actualmente ocupada por Meiki de BC, SA de CV durante los treinta y seis (36) meses siguientes a la Fecha de Inicio, la  Cuarta Opci n de Expansi n . Los primeros seis (6) meses de la  Cuarta Opci n de Expansi n  no tendr n costo alguno para el Arrendatario, los treinta (30) meses restantes de la Cuarta Opci n de Expansi n ser n a un precio de US$1,650.00 (Mil seiscientos cincuenta d lares) mensuales del s ptimo al trig simo sexto mes (la  Cuota de la Cuarta Opci n de Expansi n), 
 En cualquier momento, el Arrendatario tendr  el derecho de ejercer o renunciar a todas o cualesquiera de estas Opciones. siempre y cuando las Opciones sean ejercidas conforme a los p rrafos precedentes, a menos que las Partes   acuerden lo contrario por escrito. Si el Arrendatario renuncia a cualquier Opci n, entonces el Arrendatario cesar  inmediatamente el pago de la Cuota de Opci n que corresponda. Si o cuando cualquier Opci n de Expansi n expire o sea renunciada, la Opci n ser  inmediatamente convertida a un Derecho al Tanto, el cual prevalecer  durante el T rmino del Arrendamiento y los T rminos de Pr rroga de Arrendamiento.   

Second. Additional Provisions.  
 The parties agree that this Amendment Agreement does not constitute novation or extinction of the obligations set forth in the Lease Agreement. Except for the amendments expressly agreed herein, the Lease Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 
 This Amendment Agreement becomes an integral part of the Lease Agreement and, :  therefore, all provisions of the Lease Agreement, as appropriate, are applicable hereto. 
 IN   WITNESS WHEREOF, the  parties sign this  
 
  Segunda. Additional Provisions.  
 Las partes manifiestan que el presente Convenio Modificatorio no constituye novaci n o extinci n de las obligaciones establecidas en el Contrato de Arrendamiento. Salvo por lo aqui pactado, el Arrendamiento permanece en pleno vigor y efecto. 
 El presente Convenio Modificatorio pasa a formar parte integrante del Contrato de Arrendamiento, por lo que le son aplicables, en lo conducente, todas y cada una de las estipulaciones del mismo. 
 EN TESTIMONIO DE  LO CUAL, las partes suscriben el  

Amendment Agreement through their respective and duly authorized representatives, on the date first above written. 

presente Convenio Modificatorio a trav s de sus representantes debidamente autorizados para tal efecto, en la fecha que se se ala en el proemio del mismo.  

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

[HOJA DE FIRMAS EN SIGUIENTE HOJA]  

Arrendador  /  Lessor    
 Mex-lndustrial Assets, S. de R.L. de C.V. 

Winston Lachlan Elting Laabs 
 Representante Legal / Legal Representative 
  Arrendatario  / Lessee  
 Esterline M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 /s/  Scott Crawford  
 Scott Crawford 
 Representante Legal / Legal Representative 
 Testigo / Witness 
 /s/ Shannon George 
 Shannon George 
 Testigo / Witness 
   
 Enrique Aguilar Galvez 

SEGUNDO CONVENIO MODIFICATORIO AL CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO   
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE LEASE AGREEMENT 
 Celebrado entre  
 Entered into by and between 
  Mex-Industrial Assets, S. de R.L. de C.V.  
 ( Arrendador  /  Lessor ) 
 y / and 
 Esterline Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.  
 ( Arrendatario  /  Lessee ) 
 Con fecha 1 de junio de 2016  
 Dated June 1 st , 2016 
 Respecto de / Regarding the IGS - El  guila II Property 
 ( Propiedad Arrendada )  
 ( Leased Property ) 
   
  7  

SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT DATED JUNE 1 ST , 2016, ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN MEX-INDUSTRIAL ASSETS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V., (HEREINAFTER, THE   LESSOR  ), REPRESENTED BY WINSTON LACHLAN ELTING LAABS, AND ON THE OTHER SIDE ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. (HEREINAFTER, THE   LESSEE  ), REPRESENTED BY ALBERT SCOTT YOST, PURSUANT TO THE FOLLOWING REPRESENTATIONS AND CLAUSES:  

SEGUNDO CONVENIO MODIFICATORIO CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO DE FECHA 1 DE JUNIO, 2016, QUE CELEBRAN POR UNA PARTE MEX-INDUSTRIAL ASSETS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V., (EN LO SUCESIVO EL   ARRENDADOR  ), REPRESENTADO EN ESTE ACTO POR WINSTON LACHLAN ELTING LAABS, Y POR LA OTRA PARTE ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. (EN LO SUCESIVO EL   ARRENDATARIO  ), REPRESENTADO EN ESTE ACTO POR ALBERT SCOTT YOST, AL TENOR DE LAS SIGUIENTES DECLARACIONES Y CL USULAS:  

REPRESENTATIONS  

DECLARACIONES  

1. The Parties hereby recite through their legal representatives that:  

1. Declaran las Partes por conducto de su representante que:  

1.a. On June 4, 2014, the Parties entered into a lease agreement (the  Lease Agreement ) with respect to an industrial facility with an area of 57,694 square feet, located at Avenida  guila Azteca No. 19430, Col Baja Maq El  guila, 22101 Tijuana, Baja California (the  Leased Property ).  

1.a. Con fecha 4 de junio de 2014, las Partes celebraron un contrato de arrendamiento (el  Contrato de Arrendamiento ) respecto a un edificio industrial con una superficie de 57,694 pies cuadrados, ubicado en Avenida  guila Azteca No. 19430, Col. Baja Maq El  guila, 22101 Tijuana, Baja California (la  Propledad Arrendada ).  

1.b. On December 2 nd , 2015, the Parties entered into the first amendment to the lease agreement (the  First Amendment ) which amended Section 3.3 of the Lease Agreement extending the period for the exercise of the First, Second and Third Expansion Options.  

1.b. Con fecha 2 de diciembre de 2015, las Partes celebraron el primer convenio modificatorio al contrato de arrendamiento (el  Primer Convenio Modificatorio ) donde se modific  la Secci n 3.3 del Contrato de Arrendamiento ampliando el plazo para el ejercicio de la Primera, Segunda y Tercera Opciones de Expansi n.  

1.c. The Lessee notified Lessor of the exercise of the First and Second Expansion Options established in section 3.3 of the Lease Agreement.  

1.c. El Arrendatario le notific  al Arrendador el ejercicio de la Primer y Segunda Opci n de Expansi n establecidas en la secci n 3.3 del Contrato de Arrendamiento.  

1.d. As a result of having exercised the First and Second Expansion Options, the Parties wish to amend certain terms of the Lease Agreement.  

1.d. Que derivado del ejercicio de la Primer y Segunda Opci n de Expansion, las Partes desean modificar ciertos t rminos del Contrato de Arrendamiento.  

1.e. The defined terms contained in the Lease Agreement are used in this Second Amendment Agreement with the same meaning attributed to them in the Lease Agreement and in its First Amendment, unless otherwise defined within this Second Amendment Agreement.  

1.e. Los t rminos definidos ulilizados en el Contrato de Arrendamiento se utilizan en este Segundo Convenio Modificatorio con el mismo significado a ellos alribuido en el Contrato de Arrendamiento y en su Primer Convenio Modificatorio, salvo que dentro de este Segundo Convenio Modificatorio se les atribuya un significado diferente.  

Now therefore, being in agreement with the foregoing recitals, the Parties expressly agree to the following:  

Estando de acuerdo con las declaraciones que anteceden, las Partes convienen en sujelarse a las siguientes:  

CLAUSES  

CL USULAS  

8  

CLAUSE I   

CLAUSULA I  

Amendments to the Lease Agreement   

Modificaclones al Contrato de Arrendamiento   

First.  The Parties mutually agree to the following amendments to the Lease Agreement  

Primera:  Las Partes de com n acuerdo convienen en las siguientes modificaciones al Contrato de Arrendamiento:  

i. The Parties agree to amend the basic lease reference Information and certain definitions of the Lease Agreement and its  Exhibit  E ,  including the  Original Leased Area , the  Additional Leased Area , and the  Leased Property  so that from now on they will be defined as follows:  

i. Las Partes acuerdan modificar la Informaci n b sica de referencia al arrendamiento y ciertas definiciones del Contrato de Arrendamiento y su  Anexo  E  , incluyendo las definiciones de   rea Arrendada Original ,   rea Arrendada Adicional , y de  Propiedad Arrendada  para que a partir de la firma del presente sean expresadas como a continuaci n se indica:  

Leased Property: The area formed by the Original Leased Area and the Additional Leased Area, equal to a total area of 145,752 SF, as described in  Exhibit  A-3   .   

Propiedad Arrendada: El conjunto del  rea Arrendada Original y el  rea Arrendada Adicional, igual a una superficie total de 145,752 SF, seg n se describe en el   Anexo A-3  .  

Original Leased Area: 58,683 SF,  Exhibit  A-3   .   

rea Arrendada Original: 58,683 SF.  Anexo  A-3  .  

Additional Leased Area: 87,070 SF,  Exhibit  A-3   .   

rea Arrendada Adicional: 87,070 SF,  Anexo  A-3  .  

ii. The Parties agree to hereby amend Clause 1 of the Lease Agreement as follows:  

ii. Las Partes acuerdan modificar la Cl usula 1 del Contrato de Arrendamiento como a continuaci n se indica:  

Clause I. Lease of the Leased Property. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this agreement. Lessor hereby leases to Lessee the Leased Property, which is hereby accepted as described herein in such capacity by Lessee. The Leased Property will be formed by: (a) the  Original Leased Area  with a leasable area of 58,683 SF (Fifty eight thousand six hundred and eighty three square feet) and (b) by the Additional Leased Area with a leasable area of 87,070 SF (Eighty seven thousand seventy square feet).  

Cl usula 1. Arrendamiento de la Propiedad Arrendada. Conforme a los t rminos y condiciones de este convenio, el Arrendador en este acto otorga en arrendamiento al Arrendatario la Propiedad Arrendada, la cual es aceptada seg n lo aqui descrito en tal car cter par el Arrendatario. La   Propiedad Arrendada estar  conformadu por: (a) el   rea Arrendada Original  con un  rea rentable de 58,683 SF (Cincuenta y ocho mil seiscientos ochenta y tres pies cuadrados) y (b) par el  rea Arrendada Adicional  con un  rea rentable de 87,070 SF (Ochenta y siete mil setenta pies cuadrados).  

1.2 Additional Leased Area Early Termination. The Parties agree that the Lessee will have an early termination option SOLELY with respect to the lease of the Additional Leased Area; the exercise of this option will not be considered as a breach of the Lease Agreement and thus the contractual penalty shall not apply to Lessee in this case. This option of early termination (the  Early Termination Option ) may be exercised by Lessee no later than August 5th, 2016, provided that Lessee has duly notified in writing to the Lessor the exercise of this option, otherwise the Lease will remain in full force and effect. This Early Termination Option is only applicable for the Additional Leased Area so that under no circumstances will it apply to the lease of the Original Leased Area .  

1.2 Terminaci n Anticipada del  rea Arrendada Adicional. Las Partes acuerdan que el Arrendatario tendr  una opci n de terminaci n anticipada  NICAMENTE por lo que respecta al arrendamiento del  rea Arrendada Adicional, sin que el ejercicio de dicha opci n sea considerado como un incumplimiento al Contrato de Arrendamiento, por lo que no le seria atribuiblc una pena convencional al Arrendatario en ese caso. Esta opci n de terminaci n anticipada (la  Opci n de Terminaci n Anticipada ) podr  ser ejercida por el Arrendatario a m s tardar el dia 5 de agosto de 2016, siempre que el ejercicio de dicha opci n sea notificado por escrito, de lo contrario el Arrendamiento persistir  en todos sus t rminos y condiciones. Cube mencionar que esta Opci n de Terminaci n Anticipada  nicamente es aplicable para el  rea Arrendada Adicional, por lo que bajo ninguna circunstancia se podr  aplicar al arrendamiento del  rea Arrendada Original .  

9  

iii. The Parties agree to modify the Section 2.1 of the Clause 2 of the Lease Agreement as follows:   

iii. Las Partes acuerdan modificar la secci n 2.1 de la Cl usula 2 del Contrato de Arrendamiento para que a partir de la firma del presente sea expresada como a continuaci n se indica:  

2.1 Lessor hereby grants to Lessee the possession of the Original Leased Area, whereas the beneficial and substantial delivery of the Additional Leased area will be carried out as described in the Expansion Scope of Work Program which  is  detailed in  Exhibit  L   hereto. The delivery of the possession of the Leased Property for the Authorized Use shall be provided to the Lessee subject to compliance with of all the provisions and restrictions applicable to its use and the Applicable Law.   

2.1 En este acto el Arrendador entrega al Arrendatario la posesi n del  rea Arrendada Original, mientras que la entrega ben fica y sustancial del  rea Arrendada Adicional se realizar  tal como se describe en el Programa de Obra de la Expansi n detallado en el  Anexo  L   del presente. La entrega de la posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada al Arrendatario se realiza para el Uso Autorizado, con sujeci n al cumplimiento de todas las disposicioncs y restricciones aplicables a su uso y a la Legislacion Aplicable.   

iv. The Parties agree to add Section  2.1.a, Expansion Work  to Clause 2 of the Lease Agreement as follows:  

iv. Las Partes acuerdan agregar la Secci n  2.1.a, Trabajos de Expansion  a la Cl usula 2 del Contrato de Arrendamiento como a continuaci n se indica:  

2.1.a. Expansion Work. The Parties agree that as a result of Lessee having exercised the First and Second Expansion Options, Lessor will carry out at its own cost the Expansion Work of the Additional Leased Area in accordance with the General Specifications which are detailed in  Exhibit  O   hereto, and with the terms and conditions set forth in the Expansion Scope of Work attached hereto as  Exhibit  L  .   and as set forth in the Final Plans of the Expansion Work attached hereto as  Exhibit  M   .    

2.1.a. Trabajos de Expansi n. Las Partes acuerdan que como resultado del ejercicio por parte del Arrendatario de la Primera y Segunda Opci n de Expansi n, el Arrendador realizar  a su   cargo la Obra de Expansi n en el  rea Arrendada Adicional de conformidad con las Especificaciones Generales detalladas en el  Anexo  O  , en los plazos y condiciones establecidos en el Programa de Obra de Expansi n, mismo que se agrega al presente como  Anexo  L  , seg n se establece en los Planos Finales de Obras de Expansi n que se agregan al presente como  Anexo  M   .   

v. The Parties agree to amend Sections 5,1 and 5.2 of Clause 5 of the Lease Agreement so that from now on they be expressed as follows:  

v.   Las Partes acuerdan modificar las Secciones 5.1 y 5.2 de la Cl usula 5 del Contrato de Arrendamiento para que a partir ahora sean expresadas como a continuaci n se indica:  

5.1   Payment of the Lease Price. Lessee shall pay the Lease Price for the Original Leased Area to Lessor as of the Commencement Date, or the immediately following business day.   

5.1 Pago del Precio del Arrendamiento. El Arrendatario se obliga a pagar el Precio del Arrendamiento del  rea Arrendada Original al Arrendador a partir de la Fecha de Inicio o el dia h bil inmediato siguiente.  

Lessee shall pay to Lessor the Lease Price for the Additional Leased Area as of the actual date of Beneficial Delivery of the Additional Leased Area, as determined in  Exhibit  I. +  hereto.  

El Arrendatario se obliga a pagar al Arrendador el Precio del Arrendamiento para el  rea Arrendada Adicional a partir de la fecha efectiva de Entrega Ben fica del  rea Arrendada Adicional de conformidad con el  Anexo  L   del presente.  

The payment of the Lease Price shall be paid to Lessor as of the dates detailed in this section 5.1 during the Lease Term and until Lessee vacates and returns to Lessor the possession of the Leased Property pursuant to the terms hereof.  

El pago del Precio del Arrendamiento deber  ser pagado al Arrendador a partir de las fechas estipuladas en la presente secci n 5.1 durante el T rmino del Arrendamiento y hasta que el Arrendatario desocupe y restituya al Arrendador la posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada en t rminos del presente.  

10  

5.2 Lease Price.  The Lease Price for the Original Leased Area as of the signing of the Second Amendment Agreement is $0.44075 US Dollars forty-four point zero seventy five cents plus the corresponding value added tax ( VAT ) per square foot of the Original Leased Area per month, this is, the amount of US$25,864.53 Dollars (Twenty five thousand eight hundred and sixty four Dollars 53/100) plus VAT, taking into consideration that the Original Leased Area currently has a total of 58,683 built square feet of leasable area, as defined in   Exhibit  A-3    hereto. The Parties acknowledge that, notwithstanding the Original Leased Area increased from 57,694 to 58,683 square feet as a result of a survey that was recently carried out   (Exhibit  A-3 ).   Lessee does not owe Lessor any additional rent for the Original Leased Area during the period from the Commencement Date to the date of this Second Amendment Agreement.   

5.2. Precio del Arrendamientu. El Precio del Arrendamiento del  rea Arrendada Original a la firma del Segundo Convcnio Modificatorio del Contrato de Arrendamiento es equivalente a $0.44075 Dls. de los E.E.U.U.A. (Cuarenta y cuatro punto cero setenta y cinco cenlavos de D lar) m s el impuesto al valor agregado correspondiente ( IVA ). por pie cuadrado del  rea Arrendada Original por mes, que es la cantidad de $25,864.53 Dls. de los E.E.U.U.A. (Veinticinco mil ochocientos sesenta y cuatro D lares 5 3/100) m s IVA, considerando que el  rea Arrendada Original es de 58,683 pies cuadrados de  rea rentable, segun lo descrito en el  Anexo  A-3   del presente. Las Partes reconocen que no obstante que la superficie del  rea Arrendada Original se incremento de 57,694 a 58,683 pies cuadrados como resultado de un levantamiento que se practico recientemente  (Anexo  A-3 ).  la Arrendataria no adeuda al Arrendador cantidad alguna de renta por el periodo que abarca de la Fecha de Inicio a la fecha de firma de este Segundo Convenio Modificatorio.  

Once the Beneficial Delivery of the Additional Leased Area takes place, the Lease Price for the total Leased Property shall be modified as of said date and will be the amount of US$64,240.19 Dollars (Sixty four thousand two hundred and forty Dollars 19/100), plus VAT. plus the applicable Lease Price increase according to Section 5.3 hereof.   

Una vez que tenga lugar la Entrega Benefica del Area Arrendada Adicional, el Precio del Arrendamiento mensual para la totalidad del Inmueble Arrendado ser  la cantidad de S64,240.I9 Dls. de los E.E.U.U.A. (Sesenta y cuatro mil doscientos y cuarenta D lares 19/100) m s IVA, m s el incremento al Precio del Arrendamiento aplicable de conformidad con la Seccion 5.3 del presente.   

vi. The Parties agree to amend the Term  Lease Commencement Date  of  Exhibit  E   of the Lease Agreement so that from now on it will be expressed as follows:  

vi. Las Partes acuerdan modificar el Termino  Fecha de Inicio  del  Anexo  E   del Contrato de Arrendamiento para que a partir de la firma del presente sea expresada como a continuacion se indica:  

Lease Commencement Date  for the Original Leased Area shall mean June 4 th , 2014, and  Leased Commencement Date  for the Additional Leased Area shall mean the date of Beneficial Delivery of the Additional Leased Area.   

Fecha de Inicio  significa para el  rea Arrendada Original el dia 4 de junio de 2014, y  Fecha de Inicio  para el  rea Arrendada Adicional ser  la fecha de la Entrega Ben fica del  rea Arrendada Adicional.   

vii The Parties agree to amend the Term  Rent Payment Commencement Date  of  Exhibit  E   of the Lease Agreement so that from now on it will be expressed as follows:  

vii Las Partes acuerdan modificar el termino  Fecha de Inicio de Pago de Rentas  del  Anexo  E   del Contrato de Arrendamiento para que a partir de la firma del presente sea expresada como a continuaci n se indica:  

Rent Payment Commencement Date  for the Original Leased Area shall mean five months following the Commencement Date (June 4th, 2014), and  Rent Payment Commencement Date  for the Additional Leased Area shall be the date of Beneficial Delivery of the Additional Leased Area.   

Fecha de Inicio de Pago de Rentas  para el  rea Arrendada Original significa cinco meses despu s de la Fecha de Inicio (4 de junio de 2014), y  Fecha de Inicio de Pago de Rentas   para el Area Arrendada Adicional significa la fecha de Entrega Benefica del  rea Arrendada Adicional.   

11  

Second. Exhibits.   

Sequnda. Anexos.   

The Parties agree to substitute as of execution of this Second Amendment  Exhibit  A-2   of the Lease Agreement  Layout of the Leased Property  with  Exhibit  A-2   that is attached hereto. The Parties agree and accept to add the following exhibits to the Lease Agreement: 
 a.     Exhibit  A-3   (Original Leased Area and Additional Leased Area Layout). 
 b.    Exhibit  L   (Expansion Scope Of Work) 
 c.    Exhibit  M   (Final Plans of Expansion Work) 
 d.    Exhibit  O   (General Specifications of Expansion)  

Las Partes acuerdan sustituir con efectos a partir de la firma del presente el  Anexo  A-2   del Contrato de Arrendamienlo  Plano de la Propiedad Arrendada  con el  Anexo  A-2   que se agrega al presente. Las Partes acuerdan y aceptan agregar los siguientes anexos al Contrato de Arrendamiento: 
 a.    Anexo  A-3   (Descripci n del  rea Arrendada Original y del  rea Arrendada Adicional). 
 b.    Anexo  L   (Programa de Obra de Expansi6n). 
 c.    Anexo  M   (Planos Finales de Obra de Expansi n). 
 d.    Anexo  O   (Especificaciones Generales de la Expansi n)  

Third. Additional Provisions.   

Tercera. Disposiciones Adicionales.   

The Parties agree that this Second Amendment Agreement does not constitute a novation or extinction of the obligations set forth in the Lease Agreement and its First Amendment Agreement. Except for the amendments expressly agreed herein, the Lease Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.  

Las Partes manifiestan que el presente Segundo Convenio Modificatorio no constituye novaci n o extinci n de las obligaciones establecidas en el Contrato de Arrendamiento y en su Primer Convenio Modificatorio. Salvo por lo aqul pactado, el Arrendamiento permanece en pleno vigor y efecto.  

This Second Amendment Agreement hereby becomes an integral part of the Lease Agreement and, therefore, all provisions of the Lease Agreement, as appropriate,   

El presente Segundo Convenio Modificatorio pasa a formar parte integrante del Contrato de Arrendamiento, por lo que le son aplicables, en to conducente, todas y cada una de las     

12  

are applicable hereto.  

estipulaciones del mismo.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties execute this Second   Amendment Agreement through their respective and duly authorized representatives, on the date first above written.  

EN TESTIMONIO DE LO CUAL, las Partes suscriben el presente Segundo Convenio Modificatorio a trav s de sus representantes debidamente autorizados para tal efecto, en la fecha que se se ala en el proemio del mismo.  

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

[HOJA DE FIRMAS EN SIGUIENTE HOJA] 

Arrendador  /  Lessor   

Mex-Industrial Assets, S de. R.L de C.V.  

/s/ Winston lachan Elting Laabs  

Winston Lachan Elting Laabs   

Representante Legal / Legal Representative  

Arrendatario /  Lessee   

Esterline Mexico, S. de R.L de C.V.  

/s/ Albert Scott Yost  

Albert Scott Yost   

Representante Legal / Legal Representative  

Testigo/Witness  

/s/ Amy Watson  

Amy Watson  

Testigo / Witness  

/s/ Enrique Aguilar Galvez  

Enrique Aguilar Galvez  

13  

May 31, 2016  

Mr. Lachlan Elting 
 Mex-lndustrial Assets, S. de R.L. de C.V.  
 Prolongaci n Paseo de la Reforma #600 PB 31D,  
 Santa Fe Pe a Blanca, M xico D.F. C.P. 01210  

Dear Mr. Elting,  

In accordance with the Lease Agreement dated June 4, 2014, as amended on December 2, 2015 (the  Lease Agreement ), we would like to notify you of our exercise of the First and Second Expansion Options established in Section 3.3 of the Lease Agreement.  

De conformidad con el Contrato de Arrendamiento de fecha 4 de junio de 2014, modificado el 2 de diciembre de 2015 (el  Contrato de Arrendamiento ) deseamos comunicarles nuestro ejercicio de la Primer y Segunda Opciones de Expansion establecidas en la Secci n 3.3 del Contrato de Arrendamiento.  

We are enclosing an executed draft of a Second Amendment to the Lease Agreement that includes the First and Second Option expansion areas that will now form a part of the Lease Agreement.  

Estamos adjuntando una versi n firmada de un Segundo Convenio Modificatorio al Contrato de Arrendamiento que incluye las areas comprendidas por la Primer y Segunda Opciones de Expansi n, que ahora formar n parte del Contrato de Arrendamiento.  

Sincerely yours,  

Muy atentamente,  

Esterline Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.  

Esterline Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.  

/s/ Albert Scott Yost  

/s/ Albert Scott Yost  

Albert Scott Yost   

Albert Scott Yost   

Legal Representative  

Representante Legal  

TERCER CONVENIO MODIFICATORIO AL CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE LEASE AGREEMENT 

Celebrado entre 
 Entered into by and between 

Mex-lndustrial Assets, S. de R.L. de C.V.   
 ( Arrendador / Lessor ) 

y / and 

Esterline Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 ( Arrendatario / lessee ) 

Con fecha 3 de Noviembre de 2016 
 Dated November 3,2016 

Respecto de / Regarding the IGS - El  guila II Property 

(   Propiedad Arrendada   ) 
 (   Leased Property   ) 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 3, 2016, ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN MEX-INDUSTRIAL ASSETS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V., (HEREINAFTER, THE    LESSOR   ), REPRESENTED BY WINSTON LACHLAN ELTING LAABS, AND ON THE OTHER SIDE ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. (HEREINAFTER, THE    LESSEE   ), REPRESENTED BY ALBERT SCOTT YOST, PURSUANT TO THE FOLLOWING REPRESENTATIONS   AND CLAUSES:  

TERCER CONVENIO MODIFICATORIO CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO DE FECHA 3 DE NOVIEMBRE DE 2016, QUE CELEBRAN POR UNA PARTE MEX-INDUSTRIAL ASSETS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V., (EN LO SUCESIVO EL   ARRENDADOR  ). REPRESENTADO EN ESTE ACTO POR WINSTON LACHLAN ELTING LAABS, Y POR LA OTRA PARTE ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. (EN LO SUCESIVO EL   ARRENDATARIO  ), REPRESENTADO EN ESTE ACTO POR ALBERT SCOTT YOST, AL TENOR DE LAS SIGUIENTES DECLARACIONES Y CLAUSULAS: 

REPRESENTATIONS 

DECLARACIONES 

1.     The Parties hereby recite through their legal representatives that: 
   
 l.a.     On June 4, 2014, the Parties entered into a lease agreement (the   Lease Agreement  ) with respect to an industrial facility with an area of 57,694 square feet, located at Avenida Aguila Azteca No. 19430, Col. Baja Maq El Aguila, 22101 Tijuana, Baja California (the   Leased Property  ). 

1.b.     On December 2 nd , 2015, the Parties entered into the first amendment to the lease agreement (  the  First Amendment  ) which amended Section 3.3 of the Lease Agreement extending the period to the exercise of the First, Second and Third Expansion Options. 

1.c.     The Lessee notified Lessor thereby exercising the First and Second Expansion Options, as established in section 3.3 of the Lease Agreement. 
   
 1. d.     On June 1 st , 2016, the Parties entered into the second amendment to the lease agreement (the   Second Amendment  ) which amended: (i) the basic lease reference information and certain definitions, (ii) Clause 1, (iii) Sections  2.1 ,  2.1.a ,  5.1  and  5.2 , (iv) Exhibit  E  and Exhibit  A-2 , and (v) added Exhibits  A-3 ,  L ,  M  y  O , to the Lease Agreement. 

1.e.     As a result of a mutual agreement, the Parties wish to amend the Lease Agreement in order to extend the Lease Term. 

1.f.     The defined terms contained in the Lease Agreement are used in this Third Amendment Agreement with the same meaning attributed to them in the Lease Agreement and in its First and Second  
 
 1.     Declaran las Partes por conducto de su representante que: 
   
 1.a.     Con fecha 4 de junio de 2014, las Partes celebraron un contrato de arrendamiento (el   Contrato de Arrendamiento  ) respecto a un edificio industrial con una superficie de 57,694 pies cuadrados, ubicado en Avenida Aguila Azteca No. 19430, Col. Baja Maq El Aguila, 22101 Tijuana, Baja California (la   Propiedad Arrendada  ). 
   
 1.b.     Con fecha 2 de diciembre de 2015, las Partes celebraron el primer convenio modificatorio al contralo de arrendamiento (el   Primer Convenio Modificatorio  ) donde se modific  la Secci n 3.3 del Contrato de Arrendamiento ampliando el plazo para el ejercicio de la Primera, Segunda y Tercera Opciones de Expansi n. 
   
 1.c.     El Arrendatario le notific  al Arrendador el ejercicio de la Primer y Segunda Opci n de Expansi n establecidas en la Secci n 3.3 del Contrato de Arrendamiento. 

1.d.     Con fecha 1 de junio de 2016, las Partes celebraron el segundo convenio modificatorio al contrato de arrendamiento (el   Segundo Convenio Modificatorio  ) donde se modificaron: (i) la informaci n basica de referencia y ciertas definiciones (ii) la Clausula 1, (iii) las secciones  2.1   2.1.a ,  5.1  y  5.2 , (iv) el anexo  E  y el Anexo  A-2  y (v) se adicionaron los anexos  A-3 ,  L ,  M  y  0  al Contrato de Arrendamiento 
   
 1.e.     Que derivado de un mutuo acuerdo las partes desean modificar del Contrato de Arrendamiento con el fin de prorrogar su vigencia 

1. f.     Los t rminos definidos utilizados en el Contrato de Arrendamiento se utilizan en este Tercer Convenio Modificatorio con el mismo significado a ellos atribuido en el Contrato de Arrendamiento y en su Primer y Segundo  

Amendment, unless redefined within this Third Amendment Agreement. 

Now therefore, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the parties expressly agree pursuant to the following: 
   
 CLAUSES 
 CLAUSE I 

Amendments to the Lease Agreement  

First.   The Parties mutually agree to the following amendments to the Lease Agreement:  

Convenio Modificatorio, salvo que dentro de este Tercer Convenio Modificatorio se les atribuya un significado diferente 
   
 Estando de acuerdo con las declaradones que anteceden, las partes convienen en sujetarse a las siguientes: 
   
 CLAUSULAS 
 CLAUSULA I 

Modificaciones al Contrato de Arrendamiento  

Primera  :   Las partes de com n acuerdo aceplan lievar a cabo las sigulentes modificaciones en el Contrato de Arrendamiento:  

i.    The Parties agree to amend the basic lease reference information in the definition of    Lease Term    so that from now on they will be expressed as follows: 

...   Lease Term 10 years 10 months from the Lease Commencement Date. ...  
   
 ...  Lease End Date: April 4 th ,. 2025 .    ...  

ii.  The Parties agree to hereby amend Section 3.1 of the Lease Agreement as follows: 

...    3.1 Term of the Agreement  . The term of this Agreement starts frtim the Commencement Date and shall be for a period of 10 (ten) years 10 (ten) months mandatory for both Parties (the  Lease Term  ), counted from the Commencement Date, ending on April 4, 2015.    ...  

i.  Las Partes acuerdan modificar la Informaci n b sica de referencia en la definici n de  Termino del Arrendamiento  para que a partir de la firma del presente sean expresadas como a continuaci n se indica: 
   
 ... Termino del Arrendamiento: 1O a os 10 meses contados a partir de la Fecha de Inicio.  ... 
   
 ... Fecha de Terminaci   n del Arrendamiento: 4 de Abril de 2025. ... 
   
 ii.  Las Paries acuerdan modificar la Secci n 3.1 del Contrato de Arrendamiento para que a partir de la firma del presente sea expresada como a continuaci n se indica: 

...   3.1. T rmino del Contrato  . La vigencia del Contrato inicia a partir de la Fecha de Inicio y ser  por un periodo de 10 (diez) a os y 10 (diez) meses forzosos para ambus Partes (el  Termino del Arrendamiento ). contado a partir de la Fecha de Inicio, concltiyendo el 4 de abril de2025. ...   

Second. Additional Provisions.  
   
 The parties agree that this Third Amendmenl Agreement does not constitute novation or extinction of the obligations set forth in the Lease Agreement and its First and Second Amendment Agreements. Except for the amendments expressly agreed herein, the Lease Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 
   
 This third Amendment Agreement hereby becomes an integral part of the Lease Agreement and, therefore, all provisions of the Lease Agreement, as appropriate, are applicable hereto. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties sign this Third Amendment Agreement through their respective and  
 
  Segunda. Disposiciones Adicionales.  
   
 Las partes manifiestan que el presente Tercer Convenio Modificatorio no constituye novaci n o extinci n de las obligaciones establecidas en el Contrato de Arrendamiento y en su Primer y Segundo Convenios Modificatorios. Salvo por lo aqui pactado, el Arrendamiento permanece en pleno vigor y efecto. 
   
 El presente Tercer Convenio Modificatorio pasa a formar parte integrante del Contrato de Arrendamiento, por lo que le son aplicables, en lo conducente, todas y cada una de las estipulaciones del mismo. 
   
 EN TESTIMONIO DE LO CUAL, las partes suscriben el presente Tercer Convenio Modificatorio a trav s de sus  

duly authorized representatives, on the date first above written.  
 
 representantes debidamente autorizados para tal efecto, en la   fecha que se se ala en el proemio del mismo. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS ]   
 
 [HOJA DE FIRMAS EN SIGUIENTE HOJA]  

Arrendador  /  Lessor   
 Mex-lndustrial Assets, S. de R.L, de C.V. 
   
 /s/ Winston Lachlan Elting Laabs 
 Winston Lachlan Elting Laabs 
 Representante Legal / Legal Representative 

Arrendatario /  Lessee  
 Esterline M xico, S. de R.L de C.V. 
   
 /s/ Albert Scott Yost 
 Albert Scott Yost 
 Representante Legal / Legal Representative 

Testigo / Witness 
   
 /s/ Amy Watson 
 Amy Watson 

Testigo/ Witness 
   
 /s/ Enrique Aguilar Galvez 
 Enrique Aguilar Galvez 

</EX-10.58>

<EX-10.59>
 9
 esl-ex1059_1192.htm
 EX-10.59

esl-ex1059_1192.htm

CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO que celebran por una parte,  Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras, S. A. DE C. V.,  representada en este acto por el se or Eduardo Mendoza Larios en lo sucesivo referido como el ARRENDADOR, y  Esterline M xico S. de R.L. de C.V.  representada en este acto por el se or Larry Albert Kring en lo sucesivo referido como el ARRENDATARIO y que formalizan al tenor de las siguientes DECLARACIONES y CLAUSULAS. 
 DECLARACIONES 
 Declara en este acto el ARRENDADOR por conducto de su Apoderado, el se or Eduardo Mendoza Larios: 
 I.  Que su representada es una Sociedad Mercantil organizada y existente conforme a la Ley General de Sociedades Mercantiles, seg n acta constitutiva que consta en Escritura P blica No.13602, volumen 268, pasada ante la fe del Licenciado Macedonio E. Guti rrez, Notario P blico N mero Uno de la Ciudad de Mexicali, Baja California, M xico, el 8 de agosto de 1955, misma que fue modificada para cambiar su denominaci   n a Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras S.A. de C.V. seg n el instrumento p blico No. 229,855, volumen 8945, protocolizado ante el Lic. Francisco Lozano Noriega, Notario P blico No. Diez del Distrito Federal, Mexico, inscrita bajo partida n mero 6077 de fecha 30 de septiembre de 1987 en la Secci n Comercio del Registro P blico de la Propiedad y de Comercio de la Ciudad de Mexicali, Baja California, M xico, teniendo como objeto social, entre otros, el desarrollo y operaci n de Parques Industriales en raz n de lo cual opera entre otros, el conocido como Parque Industrial Valle Bonito, ubicado en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, M xico, mismo cuya descripci n se detalla en el documento que marcado como  Anexo    A ,  se agrega al presente como parte del mismo. 
 II.  Que el se or Eduardo Mendoza Larios tiene capacidad legal suficiente para actuar en su nombre y representaci n, seg n consta en Escritura P blica No. 113,204, volumen 2799, de fecha 5 de julio de 2007, pasada ante la fe del Licenciado Luis Alfonso Vidales Moreno, Notario P blico No, 5 de la Ciudad de Mexicali, Baja California, M xico. 
 III.  Que es propietaria y puede disponer libremente de una porci n de terreno, identificado 

Exhibit 10.59  
   
 LEASE AGREEMENT entered into by and between  Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras, S.A. DE C.V.,  herein  represented by Mr. Eduardo   Mendoza Larios, hereinafter referred to as    LESSOR , and   Esterline Mexico S. de R.L. de   C.V.,  herein represented by Mr. Larry Albert  Kring, hereinafter referred to as  LESSEE , that   is formalized pursuant to the following RECITALS and CLAUSES.  
 RECITALS 
 LESSOR hereby declares by means of its Legal  Representative, Mr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios  that: 
 I. It is a company organized and existing   under Mexican General Corporations Law, as per  Charter of Incorporation evidenced in Public Instrument No. 13602, Volume 268, executed  before Attorney Macedonio E, Gutierrez, Notary   Public No. 1 in Mexicali, Baja California, on   August 8, 1955, which was thereafter amended   to change the company s name to Industrias   Asociadas Maquiladoras, S.A de C.V. according to Public Instrument No. 229,855, volume 8945, executed before Attorney Francisco Lozano   Noriega, Notary Public No. Ten in Mexico City,   Federal District, registered under log entry   number 6077, on September 30, 1987 in the Commerce Section of the Public Registry of   Property and Commerce in the City of Mexicali,   Baja California, having as its corporate purpose,   among others, the development and operation of   Industrial Parks, by virtue of which it operates   among others, the one known as Parque   Industrial Valle Bonito, located in the City of   Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, same which is   described in detail in the document attached   herein as   Exhibit  A    and made a part hereof.  
 II.   Its Legal Representative, Mr. Eduardo   Mendoza Larios has sufficient legal capacity to   act on its name and representation and to bind it   in terms of this Agreement, as evidenced in   Public Instrument No. 113,204, volume 2799,   dated July 5, 2007, executed before Attorney   Luis Alfonso Vidales Moreno, Notary Public No. 5   in the city of Mexicali, Baja California.  
 III .    It is owner and may freely dispose of a   portion of land, described as Lot 3, Block 1, at   Valle Bonito Industrial Park in the city of Tijuana,  Baja California, Mexico, located at Camino  Vecinal Lote 3, Manzana 1, Col. El Realito,  

Valle Bonito en la ciudad   de Tijuana, Baja California, M   xico, Camino Vecinal Lo  te 3, Manzana 1, Col. El Realito, 22250, Delegaci   n La Pre  sa, Tijuana, Baja California, M   xico, con una superficie total de 23,206.709 m   2    (veintitres mil doscientos seis punto setecientos nueve metros cuadrados), equivalentes a 249,794.9 ft   2    (doscientos cu  arenta y nueve mil setecientos noventa y cuatro punto nueve pies cuadrados), (en lo sucesivo la      Superficie de Terreno     ) y de las mejoras construida  s en el mismo y que se detallar n mas adelants   en el presents, incluyendo pero no limitado al e  dificio ubicado en la Manzana 1,   con una Superficie construida total de 9,600 m   2   , (nueve mil seiscientos metros cuadrados), equivalentes a 103,333.53 ft   2    (ciento tres mil trescientos treinta y tres punto cincuenta y tres pies cua  drados), de las cuales la porti   n identificada como      M dulos 1 y   2      con una superficie de 4.570. 11  5 m   2   . (cuatro mil guinientos setenta punto   ciento   quince metres cuadrados)  . equivalentes a 49.192.31 ft   2    (cuarenta y nueve mil ciento noventa y dos punto treinta y uno pies cuadrados) aer  dada en arrendamiento al   ARRENDATARIO.     La   porci   n de la Superficie de Terreno y mejora  s a que se hacen referencia en  ste  ltimo, en l  o sucesivo   ser   n denominadas conjunta e indistintamente como   la      Propiedad Arrendada     .  
 IV.  El domicilio en el que tiene el principal asiento de sus operaciones es el Kil metro 10.5 de la Carretera San Luis Rio Colorado a Mexicali, Baja California, M xico y que su Registro Federal de Contribuyentes es IAM-870622-MF4. 
 V.  Que es su intenti n dar en arrendamiento la Propiedad Arrendada al ARRENDATARIO, de acuerdo a los t rminos y condiciones de este Contrato. 
 Declara en este acto el ARRENDATARIO, por conducto de  su  representante legal, bajo protests de decir verdad: 
 VI. Que acredita la legal existencia  de surepresentada como  Sociedad  Mercantil, seg n consta en la Escritura P blica N mero 20063, volumen 303, otorgada el 3 de Octubre del 2007, ante la fe del Licenclado Xavier Ib  ez Aldana, Notario P blico N mero Uno, de la Ciudad de Tecate, Baja California, M xico y registrada bajo partida n moro 5554570 de fecha 4 de Octubre del 2007 do la  Secti n  Comercio del Registro P blico do la Propiedad y do Comercio en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, cuya copia 

22250 Delegacion La Presa, Tijuana, Baja California, with a total surface of 23,206.709 m 2  (twenty-three thousand two hundred and six point seven hundred and nine square meters), equivalent to 249,794.9 ft 2  (two hundred and forty-nine thousand seven hundred and ninety-four point nine square feet), (hereinafter referred to as the  Land Surface ) and of the improvements therein constructed as detailed hereinafter in the present document, including but not limited to the building therein located, at Block 1, with a total constructed area of 9,600 m 2  (nine thousand six hundred square meters), equivalent to 103,333.53 ft 2  (one hundred and three thousand three hundred and thirty-three point fifty-three square feet), from which a portion identified as  Modules 1   2  with a surface area  of 4570.115 m 2  (four thousand five hundred seventy point one hundred and fifteen square meters) equal to 49192.31 ft 2  (forty nine thousand one hundred ninety two point thirty one square feet) shall be leased to LESSEE.  The Land Surface and improvements mentioned in the latter are hereinafter referred collectively and indisttnctively as  the  Leased Property .  
   
 IV.  The address at which it has its principal place of business is Km. 10.5 de la Carretera San Luis Rio Colorado, at Mexicali, Baja California, M xico, and its Federal Taxpayers  Registry number is IAM-870622-MF4. 
 V.  It is its intent to lease the Leased Property to LESSEE, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 LESSEE hereby declares by means of its Legal Representative, whom in turns does so under oath to tell the truth that 
 VI. That it evidences the legal existence as a Mercantile Corporation, as per Public Instrument Number 20063, volume 303, executed the 3 of October of 2007, before Attorney Xavier Ibanez Aldana, Notary Public Number One in and for the City of Tecate, Baja California, recorded under log entry number 5554570 the 4 of October of 2007, of the Commerce Section of the Public Registry  of Property and Commerce in the City of Tijuana, Baja California, a certified copy of which is attached herein as Exhibit  C  and made a part hereof. 

certificada se agrega al presente marcada como Anexo      C     , para formar parte integrant  e   del mismo.  
 VII. Que  acredita la capacidad legal del Apoderado del ARRENDATARIO, para comparecer a la fima del presente con las facultades suficientes, mismas que no le han sido revocadas o de manera alguna modificadas, con el mismo Instrumento P blico descrito en el p rrafo VI anterior. 
 VIII.  El domicilio en el que tiene el principal asiento de sus operaciones es Misi n de San Diego 2937 103 Zona Rio, en Tijuana, Baja California, M xico, y que el Registro Federal de Contribuyentes del ARRENDATARIO es   EME00710032L1. 
 IX.  Que es su intenci n arrendar del ARRENDADOR la Propiedad Arrendada que se describe en la Declaraci n III, de acuerdo a los t rminos y condiciones de este Contrato. 
 De acuerdo a lo anterior las partes otorgan las siguientes: 
 CLAUSULAS 
 I.  OBJETO DE ESTE CONTRATO  
 En los t rminos y condiciones que se establecen m s adelante, el objeto del presente Contrato es el siguiente: El ARRENDADOR da en   arrendamiento al ARRENDATARIO y el ARRENDATARIO toma en arrendamiento del ARRENDADOR la Propiedad Arrendada, cuya descripci n a que se refiere la Declaraci n III del presente, se tiene por reproducida como si a la letra se insertare y que para mayor referencia se ilustra en el documento que marcados como  Anexos  D  y  D-1 ,  y firmado de aceptaci n por las partes se agrega al presente formando parte integrante del mismo, con el fin   de realizar en el mismo,  nica y exclusivamente, las actividades industriales consistentes en la manufactura y ensamblaje de equipo aeroespacial. 
 II.  CONSTRUCCIONES O MODIFICACIONES A LAS MEJORAS DEL ARRENDADOR.  
 A. El ARRENDADOR a su costa ha construido, en la Superficie de Terreno, en cumplimiento de toda la normatividad aplicable, incluyendo pero no limitada a las de Salubridad e Higiene y del Reglamento del Parque Industrial cuya copia firmada por las partes se agrega al presente como 

VII.  It evidences his legal capacity as LESSEE S Representative, to appear on its behalf with sufficient authority, same which has not been revoked or in any manner modified, as per the Public Instrument described in the preceding paragraph VI. 
 VIII.  The address at which it has its principal place of business is Mision de San Diego 2937 103 Zona Rio at Tijuana. Baja California, M xico, and LESSEE s Federal Tax Payers Registry number is EME00710032L1. 
 IX.  It is LESSEE s intent to lease from LESSOR the Leased Property described in Recital III, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the above the parties agree as follows: 
 CLAUSES 
 I.   SCOPE OF LEASE AGREEMENT.  
 On the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter, the scope of this Lease Agreement is as follows: LESSOR hereby leases to LESSEE, and LESSEE hereby leases from LESSOR the Leased Property as described in Recital III above, description which is hereby considered reproduced as if literally inserted and which for further reference is detailed in the documents marked as Exhibits  D    and  D-1 . and that accepted and signed by the parties, is attached hereto and made a part hereof, for the purpose of performing solely and exclusively the industrial activities consisting of manufacture and assembly of aerospace equipment. 
 II.   CONSTRUCTION OR MODIFICATIONS TO IMPROVEMENTS BY LESSOR.  
 A. LESSOR at LESSOR S own cost and expense has constructed in the Land Surface, in compliance with all applicable regulations, including but not limited to Health and Hygiene and with the Industrial Park Regulations, a copy of which, signed by the parties is attached hereto as Exhibit  E , the improvements referred to in 

Anexo      E     ,   las mejora  s a que se refiere la Declaraci     n III, incluyendo el Edificio   con una superficie total constru  ida de 9,600 m   2   , (Nueve mil seiscientos metros cuadrados), equivalentes a 103,333.44 ft   2    (  Ciento tres mil trescientos treinta y tres punto cuarenta y cuatro pies cuadrados).   Dichas mejoras a las cuales en lo sucesivo se denominar      como las      Mejoras del ARRENDADOR      se especi  fican en el   Anexo      F        que firmado de aceptacidn con las mismas   por   las partes   se anexa al presente contrato fo  rmando parte del mismo.  
 B. Las partes acuerdan como medida preliminar, que a  partir del 8 de Octubre del 2007, el ARRENDADOR dar  en Ocupaci n Ben fica la Propiedad Arrendada al ARRENDATARIO. La Ocupaci n Ben fica para los efectos de este Contrato deber  ser entendida solamente como la conditi n en la cual la nave industrial (techo, pisos, parades y puertas) y las mejoras ser n entregadas al ARRENDATARIO. Claramente se entiende que todos tos servicios p blicos as  como dem s utilidades y servicios relacionados est n disponibles de inmediato en la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo pero no limitando a servicios de agua, gas, energ a el ctrica y tel fono, sin embargo, las cuotas de instalaci n para el servicio de energ a el ctrica de la Propiedad Arrendada deber n ser a cuenta y gasto del ARRENDATARIO. EL ARRENDADOR a cuenta y petici n de EL ARRENDATARIO, podr  pagar dichas cuotas instalaci n o conexi n, las cuales deber n ser rembolsadas por EL ARRENDATARIO inmediatamente. La Ocupaci n Final para los efectos de este Contrato deber  ser definida como las  Especificaciones del Edificio  A  , acordadas previamente por las partes, mismas que se detallan en el  Anexo F-1  que se adjunta y forma parte del presente instrumento. 
 C. En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO requiera que el ARRENDADOR lleve a cabo cualesquier const rucci n o mejoras fuera de las definidas como las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR en la Propiedad Arrendada, dichas mejoras ser n negociadas caso por caso y sujetas a un Contrato de Construci n adicional, mismo que se agregar  al presente bajo el Anexo consecutivo correspondiente y para efectos del presente se denominar n las  Mejoras Contractuales . 
 D. Las Mejoras Contractuales que ampllen la superficie  rentable dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada, cualquiera que sea su naturaleza, incluyendo pero no limitado a mezzanine, 

Recital III, including the Building with a total constructed area of 9,600 m 2  (Nine thousand and six hundred square meters), equivalent to 103,333.44 ft 2  (one hundred three thousand and three hundred thirty-three point forty four square feet). Said improvements which will be hereinafter referred to as  LESSOR s Improvements , are detailed in  Exhibit  F  , that duly accepted and executed by the parties is attached hereto and made a part hereof. 
 B. The parties hereby agree that as a preliminary measure, as of October 8  th . 2007, LESSOR will deliver the Leased Property to LESSEE in Beneficial Occupancy. Beneficial Occupancy for purposes of this agreement shall be understood exclusively as the condition in which the industrial shell (roof, floors, walls and doors) and the improvements are delivered to LESSEE. It is clearly understood that all public and other utilities and related services are readily available on the Leased Property, including but not limited to, water, gas, electricity and telephone, however hook up fees for power services to the Leased Property shall be at the sole cost and expense of LESSEE. LESSOR at LESSEE expense and petition, shall paid such hook up and connection fees, which will be reimbursed by LESSEE immediately. Final Occupancy for the purposes of this Agreement shall be defined as the  Building  A  Specifications , previously agreed by the parties, which are contained in  Exhibit F-1,  attached hereto and made a part hereof. 
 C. In the event that LESSEE requires LESSOR  to   perform any construction or improvements beyond the scope of LESSOR s Improvements upon, such Improvements will be negotiated on a case by case basis and subject to a separate Construction Agreement which will be added to this Agreement to form a part hereof, and which shall be identified with the corresponding Exhibit number and for purposes of this Agreement shall be identified as Contractual Improvements. 
 D. Contractual Improvements that expand leaseable surface within the Leased Property, whatever its nature, including but not limited to a mezzanine, cafeteria, expansion of offices, warehouses, lab rooms, machinery rooms, 

cafeter     a, ampliaci     n de oficinas, almace  nes, laboratories, cuartos de m     quinas, planta de producci     n y espac  io de estacionamiento, en adici     n al espacio de estacionam  iento localizado en la definiti     n inicial de Pro  piedad Arrendada; se considerar     n por las partes como superfic  i  e rentable, y por consiguiente como parte de la Propiedad Arrendada, por lo cual el   valor de rents de la misma ser      negociado oportunamente por el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO, considerando para efecto la superficie, su naturateza, materia  l  es de construc  c  i     n y acabados de la misma seg     n su destino. En cualquier caso, las anteriores precisiones y cuale  squier otras necesarias constar     n por escrito y ser     n firmadas por las partes.  
 E. Mejoras del Arrendatario. Cualquier otra mejora autorizada por el ARRENDADOR y que no sea Mejora Contractual seg n se identifica en el presente, ser  regulada por los lineamientos   apiicables en cada caso, seg n se requiere y contienen en el Reglamento del Parque Industrial que en el presente se agregaron como Anexo  E , y que se agrega al presente como parte del mismo. 
 III.-  T RMINO DEL ARRENDAMIENTO Y FECHA DE INICIO DE VIGENCIA.  
 A. Contrato  de Arrendamiento. Este Contrato estar  en vigor desde la fecha de su suscripci n hasta que sea terminado en la forma que m s adelante se prev . La expresi n  T rmino de Arrendamiento  seg n se utiliza de aqu  en adelante, significar  el perfodo completo de ocupaci n del inmueble arrendado. 
 B. T  rm no. El t rmino inicial de arrendamiento ( T rmino Inicial ) comenzar  el dia 8 de Octubre del 2007 a partir de la  Ocupaci n Ben fica , misma fecha que ser  considerada y denominada en lo sucesivo como  Fecha de Inicio  y terminar , el  ltimo dia de Noviembre del quinto (5 ) A o de Arrendamiento consecutivo completo, seg n se define dicho t rmino m s adelante en el presente Contrato. Los pagos por concepto de renta empezar n a correr a partir del 8 de Noviembre del 2007. 
 C. A  o de Arrendamiento. El t rmino  A o de Arrendamiento  seg n se utiliza de aqu  en adelante, significar  un perfodo de doce (12) meses consecutivos completos de calendario. El primer A o de Arrendamiento comenzar  en la Fecha de Inicio del t rmino, si la fecha de inicio 

production floor, and parking space in addition to that parking space allocated within the initially defined Leased Property, will be considered by the parties as rental area, and thus part of the Leased Property under this Agreement, for which rent value will be timely negotiated by LESSEE and LESSOR, considering the surface, its nature, construction materials and furnishings of the same, considering its purpose. In any event, all such precisions and others necessary shall be agreed on writing and executed by the parties. 

E. Tenant Improvements. Any other improvements authorized by LESSOR and that are not Contractual Improvements as identified herein, shall be governed by the guidelines applicable for each case, as required and contained in the   Industrial Park Regulations, herein marked as Exhibit  E , which is attached hereto and made a part hereof. 
  III. LEASE TERM AND COMENCEMENT DATE.  
   
 A. Lease Agreement  This Lease Agreement shall be effective from the date of execution hereof until the same is terminated as provided hereinafter. The complete period of tenancy of the Leased Property shall be referred to hereinafter as the  Lease Term . 
   
 B. Term.  The initial term of this Lease ( Initial Term ) shall commence on October 8 m , 2007, upon delivery of Beneficial Occupancy, same date which shall be considered as and hereinafter referred to as  Commencement Date  and shall end on the last day of November of the fifth (5 th ) consecutive full Lease Year, as said term is hereinafter defined. Payment of rents will commence as of November 8 th , 2007. 

C. Lease Year. The term   Lease Year  as used herein, shall mean a period of twelve (12) consecutive full calendar months. The first Lease Year shall begin on the Commencement Date, if the date of commencement of the term hereof shall occur on the first day of a calendar month; if not then the first Lease Year shall commence 

ocurriere el dla primero de un mes calendario; en caso contrario, el primer   A     o de Arrendamiento comenzar      a partir del primer d     a del mes calendario siguiente a la Fecha de Inicio del termino arriba mencionado. Cada A     o de Arrendamiento posterior, comenzar      a partir del primer aniversario del primer A     o de Arrendamiento.  
 D. Opci  n para Prorrogar. El ARRENDATARIO tiene la opci n de solicitar la prorroga del Termino Inicial de Arrendamiento en los t rminos, condiciones y rentas establecidos en este Contrato, por dos (2) per odos adicionales m nimos de cinco (5) a os cada uno ( Pr rroga ), mediante aviso por escrito dado al ARRENDADOR con un m nimo de ciento ochenta (180) dlas naturales de anticipaci n al vencimiento del T rmino Inicial de Arrendamiento o su Prorr ga, siempre y cuando el ARRENDATARIO est  al corriente en el pago de la renta y cualesquier otra obligaci n a su cargo en los t rminos del presente Contrato. Las partes convienen que por falta de notiftcaci n en tiempo y forma para ejercer la Pr rroga aqu  referida, se entiende que el ARRENDATARIO no tiene intenci n de extender el T rmino de Arrendamiento. En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO entregue aviso indicando el no ejercicio de la opci n de pr rroga, el ARRENDATARIO en el  ltimo d a del T rmino Inicial del Arrendamiento o la Prorroga sin que el ARRENDADOR se lo requiera, habr  de proceder a desocupar la Propiedad Arrendada sin mayor tr mite que lo establecido en este contrato. 
 E. Opci  n de Expansi n. Siempre y cuando el ARRENDATARIO no se encuentre en incumplimiento con alguna de las obligaciones citadas en el presente contrato, el ARRENDATARIO y sujeto a la disponibilidad del ARRENDADOR podr  tener Opti n de Expansi n, la cual se sujetar  a las condiciones que para el particular acuerden. 
 En el momento en que el ARRENDATARIO ejerza cualquier Opci n de Expansi n, tal y como se detalla en   la presente cl usula, se deber  celebrar el respectivo Convenio Modificatorio que refleje la expansi n hecha y la extensi n en el t rmino del Contrato entonces vigente para el Edificio, a efecto de que el t rmino de todos fenezca con el vencimiento del  ltimo arrendamiento. 
 Si las especificaciones de las medidas de los Edificios son menores a las medidas est ndar de  

upon the first day of the calendar month next following the date of commencement of the term hereof. Each Lease Year thereafter, shall commence upon the first anniversary of the First Lease Year. 
   
 D. Option To Extend.  LESSEE shall have the right to request the extension of the Initial Lease Term of this Lease Agreement upon the terms, conditions and rents set forth herein, for two (2) additional periods of a minimum of five (5) years each ( Extension Terms ), by giving written notice to LESSOR not less than one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term of this Lease Agreement or its extension, so long as LESSEE is not then in default in payment of rent or of any other obligation hereunder. The parties hereby agree that lack of timely and formal notice by LESSEE to exercise the Extended Term herein referred, shall be understood that LESSEE does intend to extend the Lease Term. In the event LESSEE provides notice to indicate non exercise of option to extend, LESSEE shall, no later than the last day of the Initial Term, or extension thereof, proceed to vacate the Leased Property without LESSOR having to request and with no further proceeding than that herein contained. 

E. Option to Expand.  Provided that LESSEE is not in default with any of its obligations set forth herein and subject to LESSOR S capacity, LESSEE will have an Option to Expand, under the terms and conditions agrreed upon by the parties for such purpose. 

Whenever LESSEE exercises an Option to Expand as herein detailed, an Amendment to this Agreement shall be executed to reflect such expansion, and the term of such an extension of the then current lease on all Buildings, in order for all to expire at the termination of the last lease. 
   
 If LESSEE s building size requirements are less than LESSOR s standard building size based on lot size, LESSOR will have the option to build 

los Edificios del ARRENDADOR basadas en las medidas del lote, el ARRENDADOR tendr      la opci     n de construir Edificios m     s grandes a los requerimientos del ARRENDATARIO y arrendar a terceros el espacio no ocupado por el ARRENDATARIO.  
 El ARRENDATARIO tendr  el primer derecho al tanto sobre el modulo adyacente denominado como modulo 1 con una  rea de 20,666.70 pies cuadrados por un periodo de nueve (9) meses a partir del dla 13 de Agosto del 2007. 
 IV.RENTA. 
 A.- Arrendamiento. Como renta minima por el arrendamiento de la Propiedad Arrendada durante el T rmino Inicial de Arrendamiento, el ARRENDATARIO pagar  mensualmente al ARRENDADOR, la cantidad de US$ 20,168.85 D lares (Veinte mil ciento sesenta y ocho d lares 85/100 Moneda del Curso Legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica), m s el correspondiente Impuesto al Valor Agregado (IVA), pagaderos mensualmente por adelantado al ARRENDADOR en el domicilio del ARRENDADOR, conforme se indica a continuaci n: 
 1. Sesenta (60) abonos mensuales, sucesivos y consecutivos de la cantidad de US$ 20,168.85 D lares (Veinte mil ciento sesenta y ocho d lares 85/100 Moneda del Curso Legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica), m s el correspondiente Impuesto al Valor Agregado o cualquier impuesto al valor agregado que en su caso llegare a aplicar, cada uno pagadero dentro de los primeros cinco (05) dlas de cada mes durante el T rmino Inicial o de la Pr rroga. Lo anterior a partir de la fecha del 8 de Noviembre de 2007. La renta de cualquier mes parcial se prorratear . La renta ser  ajustada con un m ximo topado del tres punto cinco por ciento (3.5%) anualmente conforme al Indice de Precios al Consumidor para Todos los Consumidores Urbanos (Todos los Conceptos, Los Angeles   Riverside - Orange County, area de California, 1982-1984=100), en lo sucesivo referido como el  Indice . mismo que se definira mas adelante en el presente, en cada aniversario de la Fecha de Inicio. Si despu s de los primeros cinco (5) a os del Contrato de Arrendamiento asl como de la Fecha de Inicio, hay una diferencia entre el incremento del  indice  y el tres punto cinco por ciento (3.5%) del m ximo topado por cada a o de dichos cinco (5) a os, la renovaci n del termino del Contrato de Arrendamiento reflejara tal diferencia. El ARRENDADOR deber   

larger than LESSEE  s  required buildings and lease to third parties building space not occupied by LESSEE. 
 LESSEE will have the first right of refusal over the adjacent module known as  Module 1  with a surface area of 20,666.70 square feet for a period of nine (9) months commencing on August 13,2007. 
   
 IV.  RENT.  
 A.- Lease. As minimum rent for the Lease of the Leased Property during the Initial Term hereof, LESSEE shall pay to LESSOR the amount of US$ 20,168.85 Dollars (Twenty thousand one hundred and sixty eight Dollars 85/100 legal currency of the United States of America), per month, plus the corresponding Value Added Tax (IVA), payable in advance on a monthly basis to LESSOR in LESSOR s address, as herein set forth: 

1. Sixty (60) equal monthly, successive and consecutive payments of US$ 20,168.85 Dollars (Twenty thousand one hundred and sixty eight Dollars 85/100 legal currency of the United States of America), per month, plus the corresponding Value Added Tax, or the value added tax which is therein applicable, each payable in advance no later than the fifth (5 t  h ) day o each month during the Initial Term or extension thereof, commencing on November 8 th , 2007. Rent for any partial month will be prorated. Rent shall be adjusted with a maximum cap of three point five percent (3.5%) annually in accordance with the Consumer s Price Index For All Urban Consumers (All Items, Los Angeles - Riverside - Orange County, California area, 1982-1984=100), hereinafter referred as the  Index , which will be defined further herein, in each anniversary of the Commencement Date. If after the first five (5) years of the Lease Agreement as of the Commencement Date, there is a difference between the percentage increase of the  Index  and the three point five percent (3.5%) cap per year of such five (5) years, the renewal of the term of the Lease Agreement will reflect such difference. LESSOR shall deliver to LESSEE, the corresponding proforma rental 

enviar al ARRENDATARIO la prefactura proforma de cada mes a m     s tardar el      ltimo d     a del mes anterior al mes a facturar. Una vez hecho el pago, l  a factura correspondiente deber      ser entregada en el domicilio del ARRENDADOR previsto en el presente. El ARRENDADOR deber      de proveer de instrucciones por escrito respecto a cualquier cambio en el lugar o forma de pago.  
 Si la referida mensualidad no se pagare dentro de los primeros cinco (05) d as naturales de cada mes, el ARRENDATARIO incurre en mora y en este acto se obliga a pagar como inter s moratorio, el diez por ciento (10%) mensual sobre el importe que corresponda. 
 B.- Cuota de mantenimiento. El ARRENDATARIO en este acto acepta y se obliga a pagar una cuota de mantenimiento de la Propiedad Arrendada a raz n de US$ 983.85 (Novecientos ochenta y tres D lares 85/100, Moneda del Curso Legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica) el Impuesto al Valor Agregado o el impuesto al valor agregado que resulte aplicable al momento de pago. El pago del mantenimiento ser  aplicable a  reas comunes por: jardiner a, alumbrado, mantenimiento de calles, guardias de seguridad en el Parque Industrial y recolecci n de basura en las calles principales. El mantenimiento de equipo especifico se realizar  conforme a la Cl usula VIII.B.3. La cuota de mantenimiento se pagar  de la siguiente manera. 
 1. Sesenta (60) pagos mensuales, sucesivos y consecutivos de US$ 983.85 (Novecientos ochenta y tres D lares 85/100, Moneda del Curso Legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica) mas el Impuesto al Valor Agregado, o el impuesto al valor agregado que resulte aplicable al momento de pago, cada uno pagadero por anticipado, conjuntamente con la renta que corresponda, dentro de los primeros cinco (5) d as de cada mes, a partir del primer (1er.) mes del T   rmino Inicial. Dicha cuota de mantenimiento estar    topada con el tres punto cinco por ciento (3.5%) ser    igualmente ajustada anualmente conforme al    ndice, en cada aniversario de la Fecha de Inicio. Si despu   s de los primeros cinco (5) a   os del Contrato de Arrendamiento as  como de la Fecha de Inicio, hay una diferencia entre el incremento del porcentaje del   ndice  y el tres punto cinco por ciento (3.5%) del m ximo topado por a   o de dichos cinco (5) a   os, la renovaci n del t rmino del Contrato de Arrendamiento reflejar  tal diferencia. 

payment for each month, no later than the last day of the month prior to the month being invoiced. Upon payment, the corresponding invoice shall be delivered at the address of LESSOR provided for herein. LESSOR shall provide written instructions regarding any changes in place or manner in payment of rents. If such rent is not paid within the first five (05) calendar days of any given month, LESSEE will be in delinquency of payment and hereby is bound to pay a ten percent (10%) monthly late payment fee applicable to the corresponding amount. 
   
 B.- Maintenance Fee. LESSEE hereby agrees and is bound to pay a monthly maintenance fee for the Leased Property, as of Beneficial Occupancy at the rate of US$ 983.85 Dollars (Nine hundred and eighty three Dollars 85/100, Legal Currency of the United States of America) plus the Value Added Tax, or the value added tax applicable at that moment of payment. Maintenance Fee shall be applicable to common areas for: landscaping, lighting, street up-keep, security guards in the Industial Park and main street litter removal. Specific equipment mantenance will be performed in accordance with Clause VIII.B.3 herein. The maintenance fee will be payable as follows. 
   
 1. Sixty (60) equal monthly, successive and consecutive payments of US$ 983.85 Dollars (Nine hundred and eighty three Dollars 85/100, Legal Currency of the United States of America), or that value added tax which is therein applicable, each payable in advance, jointly with the corresponding rent, no later than the fifth (5th) day of each month, during the Initial Term or extension thereof, commencing on the first (1rst) month of the Initial Term. Such maintenance fee will have a maximum cap of three point five percent (3.5%) shall also be adjusted annually in accordance with the Index on each anniversary of the Commencement Date. If after the first five (5) years of the Lease Agreement as of the Commencement Date, there is a difference between the percentage increase of the  Index  and the three point five percent (3.5%) cap per year of such five (5) years, the renewal of the term of the Lease Agreement will reflect such difference. 
 As rent, untimely payment of maintenance fees 

Al igual que la renta, la falta de pago oportuno de la cuota de mantenimiento dentro de los primeros cinco (05) d     as naturales de cada mes, causar      de inmediato que el ARRENDATARIO incurra en mora, quien en este ac  to se obliga a pagar como inter     s moratorio, el diez por ciento (10%) mensual sobre el importe que corresponda.  
 C.- El pago se har  en D lares, moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am rica, mediante dep sito directo, electr nico o transferencia en el domicilio de la siguiente instituci n de cr drto o del cesionario de los derechos del ARRENDADOR, en los t rminos de este Contrato de Arrendamiento o en el domicilio del ARRENDADOR, conforme a los siguientes datos: 
 HSBC M xico, S.A., Instituci n Filial del grupo Financiero HSBC (en lo sucesivo,  HSBC ). 
 Titular: Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras, S.A. 
 de C.V. 
 Cuenta: 0647501903 
 Swift Code: BIMEMXMM 
 Mensaje: MT 100 
 En caso de que el pago se hiciera con cheque, el mismo se recibir  salvo buen cobro y en los t rminos del articulo 193 de la Ley General de T tulos y Operaciones de Cr dito. En caso de fa ta de fondos, el ARRENDATARIO deber  indemnizar al ARRENDADOR, de los da   os que le ocasione, siendo como m nimo el 20% (veinte por ciento) del valor del cheque. 
 D. Incremento de la Renta Mensual para el (los) a   o(s) subsiguiente (s) de Arrendamiento. A partir del primer (1er) a   o del T rmino Inicial del Arrendamiento, en el primer (1er.) d a de dicho a   o, asi como de los a   os subsecuentes, la renta mensual por dichos a   os de arrendamiento ser  incrementada por un monto equivalente al producto de: 
 1.  La renta mensual mencionada en la Cl usula IV.A-B. anterior US$ 20,168.85 D lares (Veinte mil ciento sesenta y ocho d lares 85/100 Moneda del Curso Legal de los Estados Unidos de Am rica), multiplicada por: 
 2.  El porcentaje de incremento en el Indice (tal como se defini  anteriormente) de los doce meses inmediatamente anteriores a la fecha en la que el  ltimo CPI mensual fue publicado. 
 a) No Decremento. La renta mensual de los a   os 

within the first five (05) calendar days of each month, will immediately cause LESSEE to be in delinquency of payment, and hereby is bound to pay a ten percent (10%) monthly late payment fee applicable to the corresponding amount. 
 C.- Payment will be performed in Dollars, currency of the United States of America, by means of direct or electronic deposit, or wire transfer in the address of the following credit institution or of the assignee of LESSOR S rights derived under the terms of this Lease Agreement or in the address of LESSOR as per the following information: 
   
 HSBC M xico, S.A, Branch of Grupo Financiero HSBC, (hereinafter,  HSBC ) 
 Holder Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras, S.A. 
 de C.V. 
 Account: 0647501903 
 Swift Code: BIMEMXMM 
 Message: MT 100 
 In the event that payment is performed with a check, the same will be received conditioned to its payment in the terms of article 193 of the General Title and Credit Operations Law. In the event that check has no funds, LESSEE shall indemnify LESSOR of damages caused, with a minimum of 20% (twenty percent) the amount of the check. 
 D. Increase of Monthly Rent for the subsequent years of Lease. Starting on the First (1 st ) year of the Initial Lease Term, on the first (1st.) day of such year, and all subsequent years, the monthly rent for such lease years shall be increased by an amount equal to the product of: 
 1.  The monthly rent mentioned in Clause IV.A US$ 20,168.85 Dollars (Twenty thousand one hundred and sixty eight Dollars 85/100 legal currency of the United States of America)hereinabove multiplied by: 
 2.  The percentage of increase in the Index (as hereinafter defined) for the immediately preceding twelve months as published from that when the last monthly CPI Report was published. 
 a) No Decrease. In no event shall the monthly rent for the years subsequent to the First, and 

subsecuentes al Primero y que comprenden el T     rmino Inicial de Arrendamiento, en ning     n caso ser      menor de la renta mensual del A     o de Arrendamiento inmediato anterior.  
 b)    ndice Definido. El t   rmino     ndice , seg n se utiliza a lo largo del presente Contrato de Arrendamiento significa el    ndice de Precios al Consumidor para Todos los Consumidores Urbanos (Todos los Conceptos, Los Angeles -Riverside - Orange County, area de California, 1982-1984=100) seg   n publicati   n del Departamento de Estad   sticas Laborales de los Estados Unidos. Si el control o la publicaci   n del Indice es trasferida a cualesquier otro departamento, oficina o agenda del gobierno de los Estados Unidos de Am   rica, o si es descont   nuado, entonces el    ndice m   s similar al Indice ser    utilizado para calcular el incremento en la renta y cuotas de mantenimiento aqu    mencionados. Si el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO no pueden acordar en un    ndice altemo semejante, entonces el asunto ser    sometido a arbitraje a la Asociaci n Americana de Arbitraje de acuerdo con las reglas de la Asociaci n en vigor en ese momenta, y la decisi   n de los    rbitros ser    obligators para las partes. El costo del arbitraje ser    prorrateado en partes iguales entre el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO. 
 E.  Renta Adicional . Con excepci   n del Impuesto al Active y el Impuesto Sobre la Renta a cargo del ARRENDADOR, y cualquier impuesto asociado con la Venta o Traspaso de la Propiedad Arrendada o las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR, el cu   l ser    por cuenta del ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDATARIO pagar    al ARRENDADOR como renta adicional, una cantidad igual a la suma de todos los impuestos y derechos cualesquiera que sea su naturaleza que ahora o durante el T   rmino de Arrendamiento, graven o puedan gravar la Propiedad Arrendada o el presente Contrato de Arrendamiento, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa el impuesto al valor agregado, impuesto predial y todos los impuestos y derechos establecidos grabados por cualquier otra autoridad federal, estatal o municipal, o de cualquier otra autoridad gubernamental. Dichos impuestos y derechos deber   n ser pagados por el ARRENDADOR y reembolsados por el ARRENDATARIO dentro de un t   rmino de cinco (05) d   as a partir de la fecha en la cu   l el comprobante del pago de los mismos sea presentado al ARRENDATARIO por el ARRENDADOR. 

that comprises the Initial Term, may be decreased below the monthly rent for the immediately preceding Lease Year. 
 b) Index Defined. The term  Index  as employed throughout this Lease Agreement, shall mean the Consumer s Price Index For All Urban Consumers (All Items, Los Angeles - Riverside - Orange County, California area, 1982-1984=100) as published by the United States Bureau Of Labor Statistics. If control or publication of the Index is transferred to any other department, bureau or agency of the United States government or is discontinued, then the index most similar to the Index shall be used to calculate the rent and maintenance fees increases provided for herein. If LESSOR and LESSEE cannot agree on a similar alternate index, then the matter shall be submitted for decision to the American Arbitration Association in accordance with the then rules of such Association, and the decision of the arbitrators shall be binding upon the parties. The cost of such arbitration shall be divided equally between LESSOR and LESSEE. 
 E.  Additional Rent.  With the exception of Asset and Income Tax imposed upon LESSOR, and any tax associated with the Sale or Transfer of the Leased Property or LESSOR S Improvements, which shall be borne by LESSOR, LESSEE will pay to LESSOR as additional rent, an amount equal to the sum of all taxes and assessments of any kind which are or may be at any time during the Lease Term, levied against the Leased Property or the Lease Agreement, including but not limited to value added tax, property tax and all such taxes and assessments levied by any federal, state or municipal government, or any governmental authority. All such taxes and assessments shall be paid by LESSOR and reimbursed by LESSEE within five (05) days after the receipt showing the payment thereof, is presented to LESSEE by LESSOR. 

Al calcular el monto del reembolso por parte del ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR, todos los impuestos que deber n ser cubiertos durante el primer y el  ltimo a lo del T rmino de Arrendamiento ser n prorrateados entre el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO de acuerdo con el n mero respectivo de meses durante los cu les cada una de las partes estar  en posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada. 
 F.   T rminos De Pr     rroga.  
 1.  Renta durante el T rmino de Pr rroga.  La renta mensual para cada A to de Arrendamiento del T rmino de Pr rroga ser  igual a la renta mensual del A o de Arrendamiento inmediato anterior, m s una cantidad que es igual al producto de: 
 a) La  renta mensual pagada por el ARRENDATARIO durante el A o de Arrendamiento inmediato anterior, multiplicada por: 
 b) El incremento porcentual en el Indice (seg    n qued    definido) durante el A o de Arrendamiento inmediato anterior. 
 En ning n caso la renta mensual para cualquier A o de Arrendamiento del T rmino de Pr rroga ser  reducida en una cantidad menor a la renta mensual del A o de Arrendamiento inmediato anterior. 
 G. Da  los y Perjuicios. La terminaci n anticipada de este contrato de Arrendamiento por incumplimiento del ARRENDATARIO, en cualesquier momento previo al T rmino de Arrendamiento, obliga al ARRENDATARIO al pago de da los y por consiguiente, faculta al ARRENDADOR autom   ticamente y sin tr mite alguno para aplicar como pago de los da los y perjuicios que estime, todas las cantidades pagadas o depositadas por el ARRENDATARIO, por cualesquier concepto incluyendo pero no limitado a rentas anticipadas o dep   sito en garant   a, independientemente de cualesquier otro derecho o acci n con que cuente el ARRENDADOR en t   rminos de este Contrato y la legislaci n aplicable. 
 H. Compensaci n. El pago de cualesquier renta 

In calculating the amount of LESSEE s reimbursement to LESSOR, all taxes which shall become due for the first and last years of the Lease Term shall be apportioned prorrata between LESSOR and LESSEE in accordance with the respective number of months during which each party shall be in possession of the Leased Property. 
 F.   Extension Terms.  
 1.  Rent during the Extended Term.  The monthly rent for each Lease Year of any Extended Term shall be equal to the monthly rent for the immediately preceding Lease Year, plus an amount which is equal to the product of: 
 a) The monthly rent paid by LESEE during  the immediately preceding Lease Year, multiplied by: 
 b) The percentage increase in the Index (as  hereinabove defined) during the immediately preceding Lease Year. 
 In no event shall the monthly rent for any Lease Year of the Extended Term be decreased below the monthly rent for the immediately preceding Lease Year. 
 G. Liquidated Damages.  Anticipated termination of this Lease Agreement due to a default of LESSEE at any moment prior to expiration of the Lease Term, binds LESSEE to payment of damages and thereby entitles LESSOR to automatically and without and proceeding to apply as estimated damages all sums paid or deposited by LESSEE, for any concept including but not limited to prepaid rent or as a security deposit, in addition to any other rights of LESSOR as provided for herein and in the applicable legislation. 
 H. Setoff. The payment of any rent due under this Lease, shall not be withheld or reduced for any reason whatsoever, and LESSEE agrees to 

en los t     rminos de este Arrendamiento, no podr        retenerse o reducirse por ra  z     n   alguna, y el ARRENDATARIO est      de acuerdo en entablar cualesquier reclamaci     n, demanda o cualesquier otro derecho contra el ARRENDADOR solamente mediante un procedimiento independiente.  
 I. Moneda. Los pagos que por concepto de renta, cuotas de mantenimiento, dep   sito en garantia o cualesquier otro derivado del presente Contrato ser n pagaderos en D lares, Moneda del Curso Legal de los Estados Unidos de Am   rica, sin embargo, previa autorizaci   n que otorgue el ARRENDADOR por escrito,. el ARRENDATARIO podr  pagar las cantidades en Pesos, Moneda Nacional al tipo de cambio para la venta de d lares que prevalezca en la fecha de pago, en el HSBC. 
 V.   USO . 
 La Propiedad Arrendada ser  usada y ocupada exclusivamente para los usos industriales a los que se compromete destinarla en la Cl usula I del presente, sin embargo, previa autorizaci n por escrito del ARRENDADOR y cuando no se viole el Reglamento del Parque Industrial, mismo que se agreg  a este Contrato como  Anexo  E   ,  podr  ser destinado a otros usos industriales legales. El ARRENDATARIO se obliga a cumplir en forma puntual y adecuada con todas las Leyes, ordenamientos y disposiciones todas las autoridades gubemamentales que afecten la Propiedad Arrendada, particularmente con toda la reglamentaci n relacionada con controles ambientales y sanitarios. El ARRENDATARIO no efectuar  u omitir  acto alguno que afecte la Propiedad Arrendada, o que pudiera constituir una amenaza a otros ocupantes del Parque Industrial. 
 VI.   SEGUROS . 
 En todo caso, y para todos los seguros que se detallan a continuaci n, salvo estipulaci n en contrario, el ARRENDATARIO acepta que previo a la ocupaci n de la Propiedad Arrendada y en todo momento durante el T rmino de Arrendamiento, el ARRENDADOR o el ARRENDATARIO, seg n se indica a continuaci n, obtendr n y mantendr n vigentes, siempre a cuenta y gasto del ARRENDATARIO las p   lizas de seguro que a continuaci n se detallan y que habr n de asegurar al ARRENDADOR y al ARRENDATARIO, en los siguientes t rminos: 

assert any claim, demand, or other right against LESSOR only by way of an independent proceeding. 
   
 I. Currency. Payments for concepts such as rent, maintenance fees, security deposit or any other derived from this Agreement shall be performed in Dollars, Legal Currency of the United States of America, however, written authorization of LESSOR previously provided, LESSEE may pay the amounts in Pesos, Mexican Currency at the rate of exchange for the sale of dollars prevailing on the date of payment, at the HSBC. 
   
 V.  USE . 
 The Leased Property shall be used and occupied exclusively for the industrial purposes, as per Clause I above, however, written authorization from LESSOR provided, and when not in violation of the Industrial Park Regulations attached hereto as  Exhibit  E  , it may be destined to other legal industrial purposes. LESSEE shall promptly and adequately comply with all laws, ordinances and orders of all governmental authorities affecting the Leased Property, particularly with all regulations related to sanitary and environmental controls. LESSEE shall not perform or omit any acts that may damage the Leased Property, or be a menace to other occupants of the Industrial Park. 
   
 VI.  INSURANCE . 
 In all cases, and for all the insurance coverings herein detailed, except where provided to the contrary, LESSEE accepts that prior to occupation of the Leased Property and at all times throughout the Lease Term, LESSOR or LESSEE, as herein specified, will obtain and maintain in full effect, always at the full cost and expense of LESSEE, insurance policies herein detailed and that shall cover LESSOR and LESSEE, in the following terms: 
   
 A.  Comprehensive Liability Insurance . During 

A.    Se  g  uros     de     Responsabilidad     Civil.   Durante     el     T     rmino     de     Arrendamiento,     EL ARRENDADOR     a costa     del ARRENDATARIO, deber      obtener y mantener en vigor, una p     liza de seguro de responsabilidad civil, incluyendo da     o en     propiedad y da     o ambiental, que asegure al ARRENDADOR     (y     a     aquellos     agentes     o empleados del ARRENDADOR, o las subsidiari  a  s o afiliadas del ARRENDADOR o cesionarias del ARRENDADOR     o     representantes     del ARRENDADOR, que tengan cua  l  esquier int  e  r     s en     la     Propiedad     Arrendada,     incluyendo     sin limitaci     n     alguna,     los     tenedores     de     cualquier hipoteca     que grave     la     Propiedad     Arrendada), contra la responsabilidad por lesiones o da     os a personas y a     la     propiedad     y     por muerte de cualesquier persona ya sea que esto ocurra en la Propiedad     Arrendada     o     cerca     de     ella.     La     responsabilidad por dicha p     liza ser      la cantidad de US$2  ,  000,000.00 (dos millones de D     lares 00/100     Moneda     de     los     Estados     Unidos     de Am     rica) y deber      estar vigente, con anterioridad a la Ocupaci     n Ben     fica seg     n se define en la Cl     usula III B. anterior.  
 A.1. Durante el T   rmino de Arrendamiento, EL ARRENDATARIO a su propia cuenta y gasto, deber    obtener y mantener en vigor, una p   liza de seguro de responsabilidad civil, incluyendo da   o en propiedad y da   o ambiental, que asegure al ARRENDATARIO (y a aquellos agentes o empleados del ARRENDATARIO, o las subsidiaries o afiliadas del ARRENDATARIO o cesionarias del ARRENDATARIO o representantes del ARRENDATARIO, que tengan cualesquier inter   s en la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo sin limitaci   n alguna, los tenedores de cualquier hipoteca que grave la Propiedad Arrendada), contra la responsabilidad por lesiones o da   os a personas y a la propiedad y por muerte de cualesquier persona ya sea que esto ocurra en la Propiedad Arrendada o cerca de ella. La responsabilidad por dicha p   liza ser    la cantidad de US$2,000,000.00 D   lares, Moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am   rica y deber    estar vigente, con anterioridad a la Ocupaci   n Ben   fica seg   n se define en la Cl   usula III B. anterior. 
 B.   Incendio y Seguros Adicionales.  Durante el T   rmino de Arrendamiento el ARRENDADOR a costa del ARRENDATARIO, deber    obtener y mantener en vigor, por el costo total de reposici   n de las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR, as    como cualesquier Mejora Contractual una p   liza o 

the Lease Term, LESSOR shall, at the expense of LESSEE, obtain and maintain in full force a policy of comprehensive liability insurance policy including property and environmental damage, that insures LESSEE and LESSOR (and such other agents or employees of LESSOR, LESSOR s subsidiaries or affiliates, or LESSOR s assignees or any nominee of LESSOR holding any interest in the Leased Property, including without limitation, the holder of any mortgage encumbering the Leased Property) against liability for injury to persons and property and for death of any person occurring in or about the Leased Property. The liability to such insurance shall be in the amount of $2,000,000.00 (two million Dollars 00/100 U.S. Currency), and shall be in effect prior to or upon Beneficial Occupancy, as said term is defined in Clause III B. above. 

A.1. During the Lease Term, LESSEE shall, at its own cost and expense, obtain and maintain in full force a policy of comprehensive liability insurance policy including property and environmental damage, that insures LESSEE (and such other agents or employees of LESSEE, LESSEE s subsidiaries or affiliates, or LESSEE s assignees or any nominee of LESSEE holding any interest in the Leased Property, including without limitation, the holder of any mortgage encumbering the Leased Property) against liability for injury to persons and property and for death of any person occurring in or about the Leased Property. The liability to such insurance shall be in the amount of $2,000,000.00 Dollars U.S. Currency, and shall be in effect prior to or upon Beneficial Occupancy, as said term is defined in Clause III B. above. 

B.  Fire and Other Insurance.  During the Lease Term, LESSOR shall, at the expense of LESSEE, obtain and maintain in full force, for the full replacement value of LESSOR s Improvements as well as all Contractual Improvements, a policy or policies of insurance for fire, lightning, explosion, falling aircraft, 

p     lizas de seguro contra incendio, rayo, explosi     n, accidentes de aviaci     n, humo, tormenta, temblor, granizo, da     os de veh     culos, erupci     n volc     nica, huelgas, conmoci     n civil, vandalismo, mot     n, acto malicioso,   remoci     n de escombros,   calderas de vapor u objetos de presi     n o rotura de maquinaria, si es aplicab  l  e e inundaci     n, que proteja la totalidad de la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa el Edificio y su acondicionamiento interior. El ARRENDADOR tambi     n obtendr      a costo del ARRENDATARIO y mantendr      seguro de rentas y cuotas de mantenimiento en una cantidad equivalent  e   a seis (6) meses de renta y cuotas de mantenimiento, seg     n se estipula en el presente, a favor del ARRENDADOR. El ARRENDATARIO ser      responsable de mantener asegurados todos   l  os bienes de su propiedad. Excepto por lo que se refiera a seguros sobre la propiedad del ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR o quien asigne deber      nombrarse beneficiario de todas y cada uno de los pagos resultantes de tales p     lizas.  
 B.1.  Responsabilidad Civil Arrendatario.  Durante el T   rmino del Arrendamiento, y hasta por un importe que no sea inferior a US$2 000,000.00 D   lares, Moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am   rica, el ARRENDATARIO deber    contratar y mantener vigente a su exclusiva cuenta y gasto, una p   liza (s) de Responsabilidad Civil del Arrendatario, por la cual se amparen los da   os y da   os consecuenciales incluyendo pero no limitado a la remoci   n de escombro, ocasionados a la Propiedad Arrendada por el ARRENDATARIO (siendo este el asegurado), con motivo de un incendio, explosi   n o cualquier siniestro que resulte como una consecuencia de las actividades realizadas dentro o alrededor de la Propiedad Arrendada o el Parque Industrial y que le sean imputables al ARRENDATARIO. 
 C.  Forma, Pago y Entrega de P     lizas.  Cada p   liza de seguro a que se refieren los p   rrafos anteriores ser    expedida en las formas aprobadas por la Secretaria de Hacienda y Cr   dito P   blico y/o cualesquier autoridad competente y suscrita con una o m   s compa    as autorizadas para expedir p   lizas de seguros en M e xicali, Baja California, M xico y deber   n en todo caso estipular que las mismas no estar   n sujetas a cancelaci   n o modificaci   n, sino previa autorizaci   n del ARRENDADOR por escrito. El 

smoke, windstorm, earthquake, hail, vehicle damage, volcanic eruption, strikes, civil commotion, vandalism, riots, malicious mischief,  debris removal,  steam boiler or pressure objects or machinery breakage if applicable, and flood insurance, on all the Leased Property, including but not limited to the shell Building and interior fit-up. LESSOR shall also obtain at LESSEE s expense, and maintain, rental and maintenance fee insurance in the amount of six (6) months rents and maintenance fees, provided for herein in favor of LESSOR. LESSEE shall be responsible for maintaining insurance on all of LESSEE s property. Except for insurance upon LESSEE s property, LESSOR or its appointee shall be named beneficiary of any and all proceeds from any such policy or policies. 

B.1.  Civil Liability of Lessee.  During the Lease Term and for an amount not to be inferior to US$2 000,000.00 Dollars, currency of the United States of America, LESSEE shall at its exclusive cost and expense, obtain and maintain in full force, a policy or policies for Civil Liability of Lessee, that covers damages and consequential damages, including but not limited to debris removal, caused to the Leased Property by LESSEE (appearing as insured), as a result of fire, explosion or other sinister that results as a consequence of the activities performed within or about the Leased Property or the Industrial Park and that are attributable to LESSEE. 

C.  Form and Delivery of Policies.  Each insurance policy referred to in the preceding paragraphs shall be in a form approved by the Ministry of Treasury and Public Credit and/or any corresponding authority and written with one or more companies licensed to do insurance in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico, and shall provide that it shall not be subject to cancellation or change except prior written authorization from LESSOR. LESSOR will deliver to LESSEE a copy of such policies, together with copies of payment receipts of the premiums thereof, or, at its election, a pre-invoice 

ARRENDADOR entregar      al ARRENDATARIO una copia de dichas p     lizas junto con el recibo de pago de las primas o a su elecci     n, una prefactura preparada por la compa      a aseguradora de que se trate a nombre del ARRENDATARIO para el reembolso al ARRENDADOR de dichos gastos o pago a la referida compa      a aseguradora seg     n corresponda. El ARRENDATARIO acepta y se obliga a pagar, en su caso, tales importes inmediatamente que sea requerido por el ARRENDADOR. Si el ARRENDATARIO   l  o prefiere y previa autorizaci     n expresa y por escrito del ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDATARIO podr      obtener p     lizas de seguro que cubran todos los riesgos que se estipulan en el presente y proveer      al ARRENDADOR con copia de tales p     lizas que en todo caso nombrar     n al ARRENDADOR como coasegurado. La falta de reembolso oportuno por parte del ARRENDATARIO generar      un inter     s moratorio del diez por ciento (10%) mensual, aplicable al monto correspondiente.  
 D.   Seguros Adicionales.  El ARRENDATARIO deber    obtener y mantener en vigor aquellos seguros adicionales que el ARRENDADOR requiera, de tiempo en tiempo, de acuerdo con las disposiciones de esta Cl   usula y con el objeto de asegurar en forma adecuada y oportuna al ARRENDADOR en cuanto al valor de reposici   n prevaleciente de la Propiedad Arrendada. 
   E.   Renuncia de Subrogaci     n.  Las partes se liberan de manera reciproca as    como a sus respectivos representantes autorizados, de cualquier reclamaci   n por da   os a: cualquier persona; a la propiedad arrendada y a sus accesorios; propiedad personal; mejoras del ARRENDATARIO y cualquier otra mejora ya sea a la propiedad del ARRENDADOR o del ARRENDATARIO en las instalaciones, que sean causados por o como resultado de riesgos asegurados contenidos en cualesquier p   liza de seguro contratada por las partes y en vigor al moment    de cualquier da   o. Si cualquiera de las partes contrata seguro, la p   liza deber    establecer que la compa    a de seguros renuncia a todo derecho de recuperaci   n via subrogaci   n contra cualquiera de las partes en relaci   n con cualquier da   o cubierto por cualesquier p   liza. Si una de las partes no puede obtener dicha renuncia de subrogaci   n a trav     s de esfuerzos razonables,  

deber    obtener un seguro nombrando a la otra parte como coasegurada en los terminus de su p   liza para cumplir la intenci   n de esta disposicidn. 
 document prepared by the insurance company in the name of LESSEE for either reimbursement to LESSOR of such expenses or payment to the referred insurance company, as applicable. LESSEE accepts and hereby agrees to pay such amounts immediately upon LESSOR s request. If LESSEE prefers and provided prior express written authorization of LESSOR, LESSEE may obtain insurance policies covering all risks as provided in this Agreement and shall provide LESSOR with a copy of such policies that in all cases shall name LESSOR as additional insured. LESSEE s failure to timely reimburse or pay insurance premiums as presented by LESSOR, will generate a ten percent (10%) monthly late payment fee applicable to the corresponding amount. 
 D.   Additional Insurance.  LESSEE shall obtainand maintain in full force and effect such additional amounts of insurance as may be required by LESSOR, from time to time, in accordance with the provisions of this Clause VI, and in order to adequately and properly insure LESSOR of and for the then current replacement value of the Leased Property. 
 E.   Waiver of Subrogation.  The parties release each other and their respective authorized representatives, from any claims for damages to: any person; to the Leased Property and to its fixtures; personal property; tenant s improvements and all other improvements of either LESSOR or LESSEE S in or on the premises, that are caused by or result from risks insured contained under any of the insurance policies carried by the parties and in force at the time of any such damage. If either party purchases insurance, the policy shall provide that the insurance company waives all right of recovery by way of subrogation against either party in connection with any damage covered by any policy. If a party hereto cannot obtain such waiver of subrogation through reasonable efforts, it shall obtain insurance naming the other party as a coinsured under its policy in order to accomplish the intent of this provision. 

VII.  INSTALACIONES   P  OR EL     ARRENDATARIO.  
 A. El ARRENDATARIO a su costa, y siempre en estricta observancia del Reglamento del Parque Industrial y el referido Manual de Mantenimiento que se agrega al presente marcado como  Anexo    G  , podr  instalar y remover en la Propiedad Arrendada los accesorios, equipo y muebles que considere necesarios para el desempe o de la actividad industrial que se detalla en la Cl usula I del presente; siempre y cuando sean instalados y retirados sin da ar la integridad estructural de la Propiedad Arrendada, incluidas el Edificio y las Mejoras del Arrendador. Dichos accesorios, equipo y muebles permanecer n propiedad del ARRENDATARIO y deber n ser removidos completamente por el ARRENDATARIO previo al vencimiento del T rmino de Arrendamiento o a la terminaci n anticipada de este Contrato, a menos que el ARRENDATARIO no cumpla con este Contrato de Arrendamiento, en cuyo caso las mismas quedar n en beneficio del ARRENDADOR, libre de todo costo y sin mas formalidad que la notificaci n que por escrito se haga del incumplimiento. 
 El ARRENDATARIO asimismo, podr  instalar mejoras temporales en el interior, en lo sucesivo Mejoras del ARRENDATARIO, de las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR, incluyendo el Edificio, siempre y cuando dichas mejoras sean instaladas y removidas sin da ar la estructura de las Mejoras del Arrendador. Dichas Mejoras continuar n siendo propiedad del ARRENDATARIO y deber n ser removidas totalmente por el ARRENDATARIO al vencimiento del t rmino de este Contrato o terminaci n anticipada del mismo, salvo que el ARRENDATARIO se encuentre en incumplimiento en cuyo caso las mismas quedar n en beneficio del ARRENDADOR, libre de todo costo y sin mas formalidad que la notificaci n que por escrito se haga del incumplimiento. El ARRENDATARIO deber  reparar conforme al Manual de Mantenimiento y a su costa, todos los da os ocasionados por la instalaci n o remoci n de accesorios, equipo, muebles o mejoras temporales. 
 Convienen las partes que en caso de que los accesorios, equipo, muebles y las mejoras temporales llevadas a cabo por El 

VII. INSTALLATIONS BY LESSEE. 
 A. LESSEE may, at its expense, and always in strict observance of the Industrial Park Regulations and the aforementioned Maintenance Manual attached hereto marked as  Exhibit    G  , install and remove on the Leased Property, such trade fixtures, equipment and furniture as it may deem necessary, for performance of the industrial activity as per Clause I above; provided that such items are installed and are removable without damage to the structural integrity of the Leased Property, including the Building and LESSOR s Improvements. Said trade fixtures, equipment and furniture shall remain LESSEE s property and shall be completely removed by LESSEE on or before the expiration date of the Lease Term or extensions thereof or upon anticipated termination hereof, unless LESSEE is in default hereunder, in which case the same will remain in benefit of LESSOR, free of any and all costs without any formalities other than the written notice of default. 
 LESSEE may also install temporary improvements in the interior (LESSEE s Improvements), including within the Building, provided that such improvements are installed and are removable without damage to the structure of LESSOR s Improvements. Such LESSEE s Improvements shall remain property of LESSEE and shall be completely removed by LESSEE on or before the expiration date of the Lease Term or extension thereof or upon anticipated termination hereof, unless LESSEE is in default hereunder, in which case the same will remain in benefit of LESSOR, free of any and all costs without any formalities other than the written notice of default. LESSEE shall repair in accordance to the Maintenance Manual and at its own cost, all damages caused for the installation or removal of trade fixtures, equipment, furniture or temporary improvements. 
 The parties agree that in the event trade fixtures, equipment, furniture and temporary improvements performed by LESSEE, remain, upon termination of this Lease, for a period of ten (10) calendar days as of the date of termination hereof within the Leased Property, 

ARRENDATARIO, permanezcan en la Propiedad Arrendada, no obstante la obligaci     n aqui asumida por el ARRENDATARIO, por un plazo de diez (10) dlas naturales, contados a partir de que haya terminado el present  e   por la causa que fuere, las mismas quedaran en beneficio del ARRENDADOR, libres de todo costo y sin que medie procedimiento alguno para ello, sin perjuicio de que el ARRENDATARIO est      obligado al pago de su remoci     n, en su caso y sin perjuicio de cua  l  esquier acc  i     n que se pueda ejercer.  
 VIII. REPARACIONES, ALTERACIONES Y MEJORAS. 
 A. ARRENDADOR. 
 1. - Despu s de recibir notificaci n por escrito del ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR, a su costa deber , interfiriendo lo menos posible con el ARRENDATARIO en el uso, deterioro y da o normal de la Propiedad Arrendada, proceder en forma diligente a reparar cualesquier defecto estructural en el techo o paredes de soporte exteriores del Edificio construidas por el ARRENDADOR, excepto por los da os causados por el ARRENDATARIO o sus contratistas. El ARRENDADOR no ser  responsable de da o alguno y no estar  obligado a realizar ninguna reparaci n originada por actos negligentes, omisiones o actividades industriales de EL ARRENDATARIO, sus empleados, agentes, invitados o contratistas. El ARRENDADOR no tendr  obligati n adicional alguna de mantenimiento o reparaci n de cualquier otra porci n de la Propiedad Arrendada. El ARRENDADOR no ser  responsable ante el ARRENDATARIO por cualesquier da o que resultare del incumplimiento por parte del ARRENDADOR de hacer las reparaciones, salvo que el ARRENDATARIO haya notificado por escrito con acuse de recibo al ARRENDADOR de la necesidad de tales reparaciones, y el ARRENDADOR, por causas que le sean directamente imputables, no haya iniciado tales reparaciones dentro del t rmino de diez (10) dlas naturales siguientes a la notificaci n. Cualesquier gotera que se presente durante el Primer A o del T rmino Inicial en el techo ocasionada por defecto de constmcci n ser  reparada por el ARRENDADOR excepto cuando sean por causa de acciones u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO. Si la gotera ocurre despu s del Primer A o del T rmino Inicial, salvo que se demuestre inequlvocamente que la misma es por defecto de 

notwithstanding the obligation herein assumed by LESSEE, regardless of the cause of such termination, the same will remain in benefit of LESSOR, free of any and all costs, without the need of any proceeding for such purpose, notwithstanding the fact that LESSEE is obligated to pay for their removal when applicable and notwithstanding any other actions that may be filed. 
 VIII. REPAIRS, ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS. 
 A. LESSOR 
 1.- After receipt of written notice from LESSEE, LESSOR at its expense shall with minimum interference of LESSEE s normal use, wear and damage of the Leased Property, diligently proceed to repair any structural defects in the roof or exterior bearing walls of the Building, built by LESSOR, excepting damages caused by LESSEE or LESSEE s contractors. LESSOR shall not be liable for any damages, and shall not be obligated to make any repairs caused by any negligent acts, omissions, or industrial activities of LESSEE, its employees, agents, invites, or contractors. LESSOR shall have no other obligation to maintain or repair any other portion of the Leased Property. LESSOR shall not be liable to LESSEE for any damage resulting from LESSOR s failure to make repairs, unless LESSEE has provided written notice with receipt acknowledgement to LESSOR of the need for such repairs, and LESSOR for causes directly attributable to LESSOR, has failed to commence such repairs within ten (10) calendar days after said notice has been given. Any leak that is present during the First Year of the Initial Term, in the roof resulting from construction defects will be repaired by LESSOR unless the same are caused by any actions or omissions of LESSEE. If the leak occurs after the First Year of the Initial Term, such leak will be repaired by LESSEE, unless it is unequivocally proven the leak was caused due to construction defects. It is understood that any damages caused by any such leaks either to the materials or equipment or any property of LESSEE shall not be the responsibility of LESSOR. Consequently LESSEE shall maintain an insurance policy to cover any such items, and releases LESSOR of any liability thereof pursuant with Clause VI above. 

construcci     n,   ser        reparada por el ARRENDATARIO. S  in embargo, se entiende que cual  esquier da     o causado por motivo de dichas goteras tanto a los materiales o al equipo o a cualquier posesi     n del ARRENDATARIO no   ser        responsabilidad del ARRENDADOR. En consecuencia el ARRENDATARIO deber      mantener vigente una p     liza de seguro que cubra tales bienes, y libere al ARRENDADOR de cualesquier responsabilidad que se menciona, de conformidad con la Cl     usula VI anterior.  
 2. - En caso de que el ARRENDADOR no lleve a cabo las reparaciones a que se refiere el p rrafo anterior, el ARRENDATARIO podr , sin que le sea obligatorio y previa autorizaci n que por escrito le otorgue el ARRENDADOR, efectuar o hacer los arreglos necesarios para que se efect en tales reparaciones, y el ARRENDADOR deber , al requer rsele, pagar de inmediato el costo de las reparaciones que haya autorizado. 
 B.- ARRENDATARIO. 
 1. - El ARRENDATARIO, a su costa, deber  conservar y mantener en buenas condiciones y reparar, conforme a lo establecido en el Manual de Mantenimiento excepto por cuanto hace el uso y deterioro normal, todas las partes de la Propiedad Arrendada que no sean obligaci n del ARRENDADOR en t rminos de la presente Cl usula, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa las demas Mejoras del ARRENDADOR y las Mejoras del ARRENDATARIO, as  como las instalaciones de plomer a y drenaje y otros servicios que se encuentren dentro y sirven a la Propiedad Arrendada, enseres, divisiones, cielos, paredes (interiores y exteriores incluyendo pintura. tantas veces como sea necesaria), pisos, anuncios, puertas, ventanas, cristales, implementos de acondicionamiento t rmico y todas las dem s reparaciones de cualquier tipo y motivo que sea necesario hacer a la Propiedad Arrendada. El ARRENDATARIO, a su costa, reparar  todas las goteras en techos excepto aquellas causadas por defectos estructurales de los mismos. Las instalaciones de plomer a y drenaje no podr n ser usadas para fines diversos a aquellos para las que fueron implementadas, en el entendido de que toda descarga a la red Principal del Parque Industrial necesariamente tendr  que ser tratada previamente por el ARRENDATARIO para cumplir con la  NOM-002-SEMARNAT-1996, Que establece los l mites m ximos permisibles de contaminantes en las descargas de aguas residuales a los sistemas de  

2.- If LESSOR fails to make the repairs described in the preceding paragraph, LESSEE may, but shall not be required to, make or cause such repairs, to be made with prior written authorization granted by LESSOR, and LESSOR shall, on demand, immediately pay to LESSEE the actual cost of repairs performed. 
 B. - LESSEE 
 1- LESSEE, at its expense, shall keep and maintain in good order and repair, except for normal wear and tear, as determined in the Maintenance Manual, all of the Leased Property, that is not within LESSOR s obligations in the terms of this Clause to maintain, including but not limited to the rest of LESSOR s Improvements and LESSEE s Improvements as well as plumbing, sewage and other services that are within and that serve the Leased Property, as well as fixtures, partitions, walls (interior and exterior, including painting as often as necessary), floors, ceilings, signs, doors, windows, plate glass, thermal conditioning implements and all other repairs of all kinds and for all causes as necessary to perform on the Leased Property. LESSEE at its expense shall repair all leaks in ceilings except those caused by construction defects. The plumbing and sewage facilities shall not be used for any other purpose than that for which they were installed, in the understanding that all discharges into the Industrial Park s main sewage line shall necessarily be treated previously by LESSEE in compliance with  NOM-002-SEMARNAT-1996, That establishes the maximum permitted limits of pollutants in residual water discharges into the sewage systems.  Any modification to the existing system shall require written authorization of LESSOR. The expense of any breakage, stoppage or damage resulting from a violation of this provision, shall be borne by LESSEE, thus LESSEE hereby indemnifies and holds LESSOR harmless from any claim, loss, damage or expense, including reasonable attorney fees 

alcantarillado.   Cualquier modificaci     n al   s  istema existente requerir      la autorizaci     n por escrito del ARRENDADOR. El costo de cualquier descompostura, obstaculizaci     n o da     o resultante de una viola  c  i     n a esta estipulaci     n ser      pagado por el ARRENDATARIO, por consiguiente el ARRENDATARIO en este acto indemniza y mantiene a salvo al ARRENDADOR, respecto de cualesquier reclame, p     rd  i  da, da     o o gasto incluyendo honorarios de abogado razonables, reclamados a, o sufridos por el ARRENDADOR que resulte del incumplimiento de cualesquiera de las ob  l  igaciones del ARRENDATARIO. El ARRENDATARIO podr      almacenar     temporalmente basura dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada conforme a lo previsto en el Reglamento del Parque Industrial, debiendo programar reco  l  ecciones de basura peri     dicas a cuenta y gasto de      ste. Con excepci     n de la generaci     n ordinaria de basura y desechos de procesos de acuerdo con el Reglamento aplicable, el ARRENDATARIO no podr      almacenar otra clase de basura o desechos dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada, a excepci     n de los espacios designados para ello en t     rminos del Reglamento del Parque Industrial, debiendo hacer los a  rreglos necesarios para su recol  ecci     n regular y peri     dica a costa del ARRENDATARIO. El ARRENDATARIO no deber      incinerar material alguno, incluyendo basura de especie alguna en la Propiedad Arrendada o en   e  l Parque Industrial o cerca de      l. El ARRENDATARIO debe mantener todas las partes de la Propiedad Arrendada y aquellas      reas adjuntas de la Propiedad Arrendada en condiciones de limpieza, aseo y orden,   l  ibre de basura, desecho de procesos, escombro y obstrucci     n en t     rminos del referido Reglamento del Parque Industrial. El ARRENDATARIO bajo ninguna circunstancia, deber      estacionar o permitir que sus empleados, agentes, comisionistas, proveedores o contratistas estacionen vehiculos, camiones o trailers o que realicen maniobras incluyendo pero no limitado a las de carga y descarga de materiales, a lo largo de las avenidas, calles o      reas comunes del Parque Industrial.  
 2.- El ARRENDATARIO mantendr  la Propiedad Arrendada libre de todo gravamen o embargo que resulte de actos u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO, incluyendo aquellos derivados de sus relaciones laborales o relaciones con agentes, comisionistas, etc., y actos o de la construcci n hecha u ordenada por el ARRENDATARIO. Sin embargo, si por cualesquier raz n, las obligaciones en que incurra 

asserted against or suffered by LESSOR which arises from breach of any of LESSEE s obligations herein. LESSEE shall store all trash only temporarily within Leased Property (see Park Rules and Regulations,  Exhibit  E  ), and shall arrange for the regular pick-up of trash at LESSEE s expense. Except for the ordinary generation of trash and scrap to processed in accordance to applicable regulations, LESSEE shall not in any form store any kind of trash or scrap within the Leased Property, except for the places designated for such purposes in terms of the Industrial Park Regulations, with LESSEE having to make arrangements for its regular and periodic collection at its own cost. LESSEE shall not burn any trash of any kind in or about the Leased Property or the Industrial Park. LESSEE must maintain all parts of the Leased Property in a neat, clean and orderly condition, and those areas adjoining the Leased Property free of garbage, scrap, debris and obstruction items in terms of the Industrial Park Regulations. LESSEE shall not under any circumstances park its vehicles or allow its employees, agents, commissioners, suppliers or contractors to park its vehicles, trucks or trailers along the avenues, streets or common areas or that they perform operations including but not limited to mounting and dismounting of materials. 
 2.- LESSEE shall keep the Leased Property free and clear of all encumbrances and liens arising out of acts or omissions of LESSEE, including those that are consequence of its labor relations or relations with agents, commissioners, etc., and acts or construction done or ordered by LESSEE. However, if for any reason, particularly obligations incurred by LESSEE with any third party, or any other act or omission by LESSEE, LESSOR is made liable or involved in litigation, LESSEE shall hold harmless and indemnify LESSOR including any costs and expenses, and 

el ARRENDATARIO con cualquier tercera persona, o cualesquier otro acto u omisi     n del ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR es hecho responsab  l  e o involucrado en litigio, el ARRENDATARIO mantendr      a salvo e indemnizar      al ARRENDADOR incluyendo cualesquier costo, gasto, y honorarios de abogados en que incurra en raz     n de lo anterior. En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO no libere totalmente cualesquiera de dichos grav     menes o embargo dentro de   l  os treinta (30) d     as natura  l  es siguientes a la fecha de su constitu  c  i     n, o no proporcione una fianza aceptable al ARRENDADOR, a su elecci     n en caso de litigio, e  l   ARRENDADOR podr     ,   a su opci     n, pagar     todo o parte de  l   mismo. En caso de que el ARRENDADOR pague tal gravamen o embargo, o una parte del mismo, el ARRENDATARIO deber     , a solicitud del ARRENDADOR, pagar de inmediato al ARRENDADOR el monto de lo pagado, junto con intereses a raz     n del diez por ciento   (10%)   mensual a partir de la fecha de pago. Ning     n gravamen o embargo derivado de actos u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO deber      en forma alguna gravar o afectar los derechos del ARRENDADOR sobre la Propiedad Arrendada.  
 3.- El ARRENDATARIO, a su costo, deber  mantener vigente en todo tiempo, una p liza de  mantenimiento  por el equipo proporcionado por el ARRENDADOR incluyendo de manera enunciativa y no limitativa, el equipo de refrigeraci n y aire acondicionado, aire comprimido e instalaciones el ctricas que incluyan subestaciones el ctricas y alumbrado exterior e interior; el ARRENDATARIO entregar  al ARRENDADOR una copia de la p liza de mantenimiento dentro de los veinte (20) d as naturales siguientes a la Fecha de Inicio de conformidad con el Manual de Mantenimiento 
 4.- Cualesquier trabajo que el ARRENDATARIO pretenda iniciar en la Propiedad Arrendada en los t rminos del presente p rrafo, requerir  la notificaci n por escrito del ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR con por lo menos treinta (30) d as naturales de anticipact n a aquel en que pretenda iniciar. 
 Trat ndose de trabajos que impliquen cualesquier constructi n, alteraci n, mejora o adici n a la Propiedad Arrendada fuera del edificio y/o afectando la integridad estructural de la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo pero no limitado a las paredes exteriores y techo de la Propiedad Arrendada, independientemente de su costo, el 

reasonable attorney s fees incurred by reason thereof. Should LESSEE fail to fully discharge any such encumbrances or liens within thirty (30) days after the date the same appears of record or fail to provide a bond acceptable to LESSOR, LESSOR, at its option, may pay all or any part thereof. If LESSOR pays any such lien or encumbrances or any part thereof, LESSEE shall, on demand, immediately pay LESSOR the amount so paid, together with interest at the rate of ten percent  (10%)  per month from the date of payment. No lien or encumbrance any character whatsoever created by and act or omission by LESSEE shall in any way affect the rights of LESSOR regarding clear title to the Leased Property. 
 3.- LESSEE, at its expense, shall have active all the time a  maintenance  policy, for the all the equipment provided by LESSOR such as but not limited to refrigeration and air conditioning equipment, compressed air and electrical equipment and installations that include electrical substations and external and internal lighting; LESSEE shall deliver to LESSOR a copy of the maintenance policy, within 20 days following Commencement Date in compliance with the Maintenance Manual. 
 4.- Any and all works, other than works that LESSEE intends to initiate in the Leased Property in the terms of this paragraph, shall require written notice from LESSEE to LESSOR with at least thirty (30) calendar days in advance to that in which it intends to initiate. 
 When dealing with works that require any construction, alterations, improvements or additions to the Leased Property outside the building and/or affecting the structural integrity of the Leased Property including but not limited to the exterior load bearing walls and roof of the Leased Property, regardless of its cost, LESSEE shall require in addition to the above, to present LESSOR, also with at least thirty (30) days in advance to that in which it intends to initiate, 

ARRENDATARIO requerir      adem     s de lo anterior present  a  r al ARRENDADOR igualmente con por lo menos treinta (30) d     as naturales de anticipaci     n a aquel en que pretenda iniciar los mismos, los p  l  anos, especificaciones y licencia de construcci     n. El ARRENDADOR los analizar      en un tiempo prudente y resolver      respecto de la autorizaci     n que en su caso entregar      por escrito, y sin la cual el ARRENDATARIO no podr      hacer construcci     n, alteraci     n, mejora o adici     n alguna incluyendo pero no limitado a las paredes exteriores y techo de la Propiedad Arrendada. En cualquier caso, el ARRENDATARIO no deber      da     a  r ning     n piso, pared, techo, mamparas o cualesquier trabajo de madera, piedra o herrer     a en o alrededor de   la Propiedad Arrendada, en relac  i     n con los trabajos aqu      referidos, (ver   Anexo  G ,     Manual de Mantenimiento).  
 En t rminos de lo anterior, queda claramente entendido que mediante la aprobaci n de los planos y especificaciones de cualesquier construcci n, alteraciones, mejoras o adiciones, el ARRENDADOR no asume responsabilidad alguna por el cumplimiento t cnico del proyecto o las obras, con los t rminos y especificaciones que se establecen en los lineamientos contenidos en el Reglamento del Parque Industrial,  Anexo  E   
 IX.- SERVICIOS PUBLICOS. 
 Durante el T rmino de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, el ARRENDATARIO deber  pagar de inmediato y puntualmente todos y cada uno de los servicios p blicos y cualesquiera otros proporcionados a la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa, cargos por servicio de agua, gas, etectricidad y tel fono. Todos los contratos necesarios para la instalaci n de cualesquier servicio a la Propiedad Arrendada incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa, eliminaci n de residuos, suministro de agua, drenaje y cuotas de conexi n de tel fono si las hubiere, asl como cualquier cargo por la instalaci n de KVAs por la Comisi n Federal de Electricidad y sus cuotas de conexi n y cargos por uso ser n pagadas en su totalidad por el ARRENDATARIO. Cuando sea requerido, el ARRENDADOR asistir  al ARRENDATARIO en la celebraci n de los citados contratos. Igualmente, en caso de que la capacidad instalada o disponible de cualesquier servicio como puede ser de manera enunciativa y no limitativa, los derechos de conexi n, capacidad de suministro y uso de agua potable, drenaje, KVAs en la Propiedad Arrendada sea insuficiente, el 

layouts, specifications and construction license. LESSOR will analyze in prudent time and will resolve with respect to authorization, in which case, if granted it will be delivered in writing and without which LESSEE cannot perform any construction, alterations, improvements or additions including but not limited to the exterior walls and roof of the Leased Property. In any event LESSEE shall not damage any floors, walls, ceilings, partitions, or any wood, stone or ironwork on or about the Leased Property in connection with the works herein referred (see  Exhibit   G , Maintenance Manual). 
 In terms of the above, it is clearly understood that by approving the layouts and specifications of any construction, alterations, improvements or additions, LESSOR does not assume any responsibility in regards to compliance of the technical project or of the works, with the terms and specifications established in the guidelines contained in the Industrial Park Regulations  Exhibit  E   
 IX.- UTILITY SERVICES. 
 During the term of this Lease Agreement, LESSEE shall immediately and timely pay for any and all public and other utilities and related services furnished to the Leased Property, including but not limited to, water, gas, electricity and telephone charges. All contracts necessary for the installation or provision of any services to the Leased Property including but not limited to waste disposal, water provision, drainage and telephone hook-up fees if any, as well as any KVA installation charge by the Mexican Federal Electricity Commission and its electricity hook-up fees usage charge will be covered by in full by LESSEE. When required, LESSOR will assist LESSEE in the procurement of said contracts. Also, in the event that the installed or available capacity of any service including but not limited to water and sewage connection rights and capacity of supply and usage of potable water, drainage, KVA s in the Leased Property is insufficient, LESSEE at its own cost and expense, prior written authorization of LESSOR provided, same which shall at all times consider feasibility of the Industrial Park s capacity, so as to not compromise its then current or future requirements, will perform necessary adjustments, same which will remain in benefit of 

ARRENDATARIO a su cuenta y gasto, previa autorizaci     n por escrito del ARRENDADOR, misma que en todo caso considerar      la factibilidad de la capacidad del Parque Industrial, de forma que no comprometa sus entonces actua  l  es o futur  o  s requerimientos, har      las adecuaciones necesarias quedando estas en benef  i  cio de la Propiedad A  r  rendada sin costo ni formalidad alguna adicional a lo que requiera el proveedor. Igualmente cuando las mismas excedan el requerimiento del ARRENDATARIO, ser      su responsabilidad y bajo su cuenta y gasto realizar cualquier ajuste al efecto, asl como la restituci     n a la capacidad original que recibi     , una vez que por la causa que fuere se de por terminado el presente Contrato. El ARRENDATARIO en este acto indemniza y mantiene a salvo al ARRENDADOR, respecto de cualesquier reclam  o  , p     rdida, da     o o gasto inc  l  uyendo honorarios de abogado razonab  l  es, reclamados a, o sufridos por el ARRENDADOR que resulte de una acci     n emprendida por el ARRENDATARIO en t     rminos de la presente Cl     usula o como resultado del incumplimiento de cualesquiera de las obligaciones del ARRENDATARIO  
 En caso de que el ARRENDADOR hubiere pagado por adelantado derechos de conexi n por concepto de agua, drenaje sanitario, gas, tel fono, KVAs o cualquier otro servicio, el ARRENDATARIO deber  rembolsar a EL ARRENDADOR dichos costos de acuerdo a los precios establecidos por la dependencia que corresponda. El ARRENDADOR tendr  siempre el primer derecho de compra sobre la adquisici n de cualquier servicio o capacidad de carga adquirida previamente por EL ARRENDATARIO. 
 X.- DERECHO DE PASO. 
 En este acto se le otorga al ARRENDADOR derecho de paso sobre, a trav s y por debajo de la Propiedad Arrendada, para entrar, salir, hacer instalaciones, reposiciones, reparaciones y mantenimiento de todos los servicios, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitativa agua, gas, tel fono y cualesquiera otros sistemas de electricidad, asi como antenas de radiocomunicaci n y televisi n sirviendo en la Propiedad Arrendada. En virtud de este derecho de paso, queda expresamente permitido a la compa  a de tel fonos y/o electricidad la instalaci n y mantenimiento de postes y otro equipo necesario sobre la Propiedad Arrendada; 

the Leased Property free of any cost and without any formalities other than those required by the service provider. Also, when the same exceeds the requirements of LESSEE, it will be LESSEE S responsibility, cost and expense, to perform any adjustment to the effect as well as the restitution to the original capacity received, once that, for any reason this Agreement is terminated. LESSEE hereby indemnifies and holds LESSOR harmless from any claim, loss, damage or expense, including reasonable attorney fees asserted against or suffered by LESSOR which arises from an action undertaken by LESSEE in terms of this clause or as a result of breach of any of LESSEE S obligations herein In case that LESSOR have paid in advance the hook up fees for water, sewage, gas, telephone, KVAs o any other utility service, LESSEE shall reimburse to LESSOR such amounts in terms of the prices established by the corresponding entity. LESSOR will always maintain the first right to purchase over the acquisition of any service or charge capacity previously acquired by LESSEE. 
 X. -  RIGHT OF WAY. 
 LESSOR is hereby granted a right-of-way upon, across, and under the Leased Property to enter, exit, make installations, replacements, repair and maintain all utilities, including but not limited to water, gas, telephone, all electricity and any television or radio antenna system serving the Leased Property. By virtue of this right-of-way it shall be expressly permissible for the electrical and/or telephone companies to erect and maintain the necessary poles and other necessary equipment on the Leased Property; provided, that in exercising any right LESSEE may have under this Clause, LESSOR agrees to cause only a minimum interference with LESSEE S use and possession of the Leased Property. 
 XI. - ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING.  

en el entendido que al ejercitar cualquier derecho otorgado al ARRENDATARIO en esta Cl     usula, el ARRENDADOR conviene en causar solamente la interferencia minima con la posesi     n y uso por parte del ARRENDATARIO de la Propiedad Arrendada.  
 XI.- CESION Y SUBARRENDAMIENTO. 
 A.- El ARRENDATARIO tendr  el derecho, mediante autorizaci n previa y por escrito del ARRENDADOR, de ceder o transferir este Contrato de Arrendamiento o cualesquier inter s en el mismo, o permitir el uso de la Propiedad Arrendada, siempre y cuando el ARRENDATARIO se encuentre al corriente en el cumplimiento de sus pagos de rentas u otras obligaciones. En caso de dicha cesi n, traspaso o subarrendamiento, el ARRENDATARIO y quien otorgue la Garant a a que se refiere la Cl usula XXVI-N del presente, seguir n siendo responsables de todas sus obligaciones establecidas en el presente Contrato de Arrendamiento. Sin perjuicio de lo anterior, en trat ndose de cesi n de derechos o traspaso, exclusivamente, el ARRENDATARIO ser  liberado de sus obligaciones asumidas en el presente y el Garante ser  liberado de la obligaci n prevista en la Cl usula XXVI-N, en ambos casos, con un nuevo Garante aceptable al ARRENDADOR. 
 B.- Previa notificaci n por escrito al ARRENDATARIO, El ARRENDADOR tendr  derecho a ceder una o varias veces, de tiempo en tiempo, todos o cualesquiera de los derechos y obligaciones del ARRENDADOR en este Contrato de Arrendamiento, o cualquier inter s en el mismo, siempre y cuando dicha cesi n no afecte los derechos del ARRENDATARIO de acuerdo con este Contrato y, que el ARRENDADOR contin e obligado al cumplimiento de todas y cada una de las obligaciones que asume respecto del ARRENDATARIO en este Contrato de Arrendamiento. En caso de cualquier cesi n o cesiones, el ARRENDATARIO no podr  disminuir o retener el pago de las rentas a que se refiere este Contrato, entablando directamente en contra del cesionario cualquier defensa, compensaci n o contrademanda que el ARRENDATARIO pueda tener en contra del ARRENDADOR o de cualquier otra persona. Sin embargo, el ARRENDATARIO especificamente renuncia en este acto, con relaci n a la retenci n de la renta, a cualesquier providencia cautelar que garantice el pago de reclamaciones, en los t rminos que establezcan el C digo Civil y el C digo de Procedimientos Civiles 

A.- LESSEE shall have the right, upon prior written authorization from LESSOR, to assign or transfer this Lease Agreement or any interest therein or to permit the use of the Leased Property, provided, however, that LESSEE is not in default in the payment of rents or other obligations. In the event of any such assignment, transfer or sublease, LESSEE and Guarantor referred to in Clause XXVI-N herein, shall remain liable for all its obligations under this Lease Agreement. Notwithstanding the former, when dealing exclusively with assignment of rights or transfer, LESSEE will be released of its obligations herein assumed and Guarantor will be released of the obligation imposed on Clause XXVI-N, in both cases, by a new Guarantor acceptable to LESSOR. 
 B. - Previous written notice to LESSEE, LESSOR shall have the right to assign and reassign, from time to time, any or all of the rights and obligations of LESSOR in this Lease Agreement or any interest therein, provided that no such assignment or reassignment shall impair any of the rights of LESSEE herein, and provided further, that LESSOR shall remain liable for all of its obligations under this Lease Agreement. In the event of such assignment or reassignment, LESSEE shall not diminish or withhold any of the rents payable hereunder by asserting against such assignee any defense, setoff, or counterclaims which LESSEE may have against LESSOR or any other person. However, LESSEE hereby specifically waives, with respect to withholding of rent, any preventive measures to guarantee payment of a claim, in the terms provided by the Civil Code and the Code of Civil Proceedings, both from the State of Baja California. 
 XII. - SUBORDINATION. 
 During the term of this Lease Agreement, LESSOR shall have the right to encumber its interest in the Leased Property or in this Lease Agreement for any purpose it deems convenient and LESSEE shall and hereby does subordinate 

del Estado de Baja California.   
 XII.- SUBORDINACION. 
 Durante el t rmino de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, el ARRENDADOR tendr  el derecho de gravar los derechos que tiene sobre la Propiedad Arrendada o en este Contrato para los efectos que considere convenientes y el ARRENDATARIO deber  subordinar y en este acto subordina sus derechos en este Contrato y en la Propiedad Arrendada a dicho gravamen. Sin embargo, en el caso de que dichos grav menes sean hechos efectivos o ejecutados judicialmente, el titular de los derechos derivados del gravamen deber  convenir en respetar este Contrato y aceptar el cumplimiento por parte del ARRENDATARIO de las obligaciones a que el mismo se refiere. El ARRENDATARIO deber  celebrar aquellos convenios que el ARRENDADOR solicite para confirmar esta subordinaci n y presentar cualesquier informaci n financiera que se requiera en forma normal por cualesquier instituci n fiduciaria, banco o cualesquiera otra instituci n de cr dito reconocida. 
 Una vez que el ARRENDADOR notifique por escrito al ARRENDATARIO que aquella ha cedido sus derechos sobre este Contrato a una instituci n financiera como garant   a de cualquier deuda u otra obligaci n del ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDADOR no tendr  derecho a modificar este Contrato con el objeto de reducir la renta, disminuir el t rmino o modificar o rehusar cualquier obligaci n substancial del ARRENDATARIO sin el consentimiento por escrito por parte de tal instituci n financiera. Dicha obligaci n continuar  hasta en tanto la instituci n financiera haya notificado al ARRENDATARIO, por escrito, que dicha cesi n ha sido terminada, en el entendido de que si el ARRENDADOR no obtiene la autorizaci n de dicha instituci n financiera para llevar a cabo lo anterior, la modificaci n de los t rminos anteriormente establecidos no tendr  ning n efecto contra la instituci n financiera. Adem s, en caso de que la instituci n financiera notifique por escrito al ARRENDATARIO que las rentas aqu    convenidas deber   n ser pagadas directamente a dicha instituci n financiera o a su representante, el ARRENDATARIO estar  obligado a pagar a dicha instituci n financiera o a su representante cada una de las rentas mensuales subsecuentes que venzan de acuerdo con este Contrato (asi como, en su caso, aquellas rentas no pagadas y 

its interest in this Lease Agreement and in the Leased Property to such encumbrances. However, in the event such encumbrances are foreclosed upon or judicially enforced, the one who holds the encumbrance shall agree to respect this Lease Agreement and accept the performance by LESSEE of its obligation hereunder. LESSEE shall execute any agreement which may be required by LESSOR in confirmation with such subordination and submit whatever public finance data may normally be requested by any trust insurance, bank or other recognized lending institution. 
 Once LESSOR shall have notified LESSEE in writing that the former has assigned its interest in this Lease Agreement to any lending institution as security for a debt or other obligation of LESSOR, LESSOR shall not have the power to amend this Lease Agreements so as to reduce the rent, decrease the term or modify or negate any substantial obligation without the written consent of such lending institution. Such obligation shall continue until the lending institution has notified LESSEE in writing that such assignment has been terminated, in the understanding that if LESSOR fails to obtain such lending institution s approval to carry out the foregoing, the amendment of the terms above mentioned shall have no effect whatsoever as against such lending institution. In addition, if the lending institution shall notify LESSEE in writing requiring the payment of rents hereunder directly to such lending institution or its representative, then LESSEE shall be obligated to deposit with such lending institution or its representative each subsequent rental that may become due under this Lease Agreement (together with any unpaid rent then past due), until the date on which such lending institution notifies LESSEE authorizing payment of rent to LESSOR or other party entitled thereto. LESSEE understands and agrees that except for the advanced rental payments provided for in the Miscellaneous Section hereunder, and the security deposit mentioned in Clause XXVI-F of this Lease Agreement, LESSOR may not collect any rent more than one (1) month in advance and LESSEE, and at the request of LESSOR, shall provide a statement that no such advanced payment has been made. Such document shall be binding upon LESSEE as against the lending 

vencidas con anterior  i  dad), hasta la fecha en que la instituci     n financiera notifique al ARRENDATARIO su autorizaci     n para   que las rentas se paguen al ARRE  NDADOR o a cualquier otra perso  na que tenga derecho de recibirl  as. El ARRENDATARIO entiende y est      de acuerdo en que con excepci     n del anticipo de rentas mencionado en los Acuerdos Miscel     neos de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, y el dep     sito en garant     a a que se refiere el presente Contrato, en la Cl     usula XXVI-F, el ARRENDADOR no podr      cobrar por  
 adelantado m s de un (1) mes de renta y el ARRENDATARIO, a solicitud del ARRENDADOR proporcionar  un documento manifestando que no ha efectuado pagos por adelantado; este documento ser  obligatorio para el ARRENDATARIO en relaci n con la instituci n financiera a la que este Contrato se ceda. Asimismo, la instituci   n financiera no quedar  obligada a reconocer aquellos pagos hechos al ARRENDADOR despu s de que el ARRENDATARIO haya recibido la notificaci   n que lo obligue a hacer los pagos a dicha instituci n financiera, siempre y cuando el ARRENDADOR est  obligado a restituir dichos pagos a la instituci n financiera, sujeto a la tasa de inter s aplicable de conformidad con el pr stamo al ARRENDADOR. 
 XIII.- ACCESO A LA PROPIEDAD ARRENDADA. 
 Sin excesiva interferencia para la operaci n del ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR o sus representantes autorizados tendr n el derecho de entrar a la Propiedad Arrendada durante las horas de trabajo del ARRENDATARIO, y a cualquier hora en caso de emergencia, para inspeccionarla y para hacer reparaciones, y si fuera autorizado por el ARRENDATARIO, para realizar adiciones o alteraciones a la Propiedad Arrendada. Por un per odo que se iniciar  ciento ochenta (180) d as antes de la terminaci n de este Contrato, el ARRENDADOR, tendr  acceso a la Propiedad Arrendada con el objeto de exhibirla a posibles arrendatarios, y podr  instalar los anuncios acostumbrados  Se Vende  o  Se Renta  en la Propiedad Arrendada. Excepto en casos de emergencia, el ARRENDADOR deber  notificar oportunamente con anticipaci n al ARRENDATARIO antes de entrar a la Propiedad Arrendada. 

XIV.- DA OS O DESTRUCCION. 
 A.- Total.  En caso de que todo o una parte 
 institution to which this Lease Agreement may be assigned. In addition, the lending institution shall not be bound to recognize those payments made to LESSOR after LESSEE has received notice requiring payments to be made to such lending institutions, provided that LESSOR shall be bound to immediately reimburse such payments to the lending institution, subject to interest at the punitive rate of interest under the loan to LESSOR. 
 XIII.- ACCESS TO LEASED PROPERTY. 
 Without undue interference to LESSEE s operation, LESSOR or its authorized representatives shall have the right to enter the Leased Property during all LESSEE business hours, and in emergencies at all times, to inspect the Leased Property and to make repairs, and if approved by LESSEE, additions or alterations to the Leased Property. For a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the termination of this Lease Agreement, LESSOR shall have access to the Leased Property for the purpose of exhibiting it to prospective tenants and may post usual  For Sale  or  For Lease  signs upon the Leased Property. Except in case of Emergency, LESSOR shall timely advance notice to LESSEE before entering the Leased Property. 
 XIV.- DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION. 
 A.-  Total.  In the event that the whole or a substantial part of the Leased Property is damaged or destroyed by fire, act of nature, or any other cause, so as to make LESSEE unable to continue the operation of its business, LESSOR shall, within fifteen (15) days from such destruction, determine whether the Leased Property can be restored within six (6) months, as of the date of such determination which shall 

substancial de la Propiedad Arrendada sea da     ada o destruida por incendio, actos de la naturaleza, o cualesquiera otra causa, de tal manera que el ARRENDATARIO se vea imposibilitado a continuar la operaci     n de sus negocios, el ARRENDADOR determina  r      dentro de los (15) quince d     as posteriores a dicha destrucci     n, si la Propiedad Arrendada puede ser restaurada dentro de los siguientes (6) seis meses, y not  i  ficar      al ARRENDATARIO de tal determinaci     n dentro de los mismos (15) quince d     as Si el ARRENDADOR determine que la Propiedad Arrendada no puede ser restaurada en el periodo de (6) seis meses, tanto el ARRENDADOR como el ARRENDATARIO, tend  r     n el derecho y la opci     n de terminar en forma inmediata este Contrato de Arrendamiento, por medio de aviso por escrito hecho a la otra parte, sin responsabilidad alguna para las partes, excepto la del ARRENDATARIO de estar al corriente en   el cumplimiento de las obligaci  ones generadas a la fecha, en   l  os   t     rminos del Contrato de Arrendamiento. Si el ARRENDADOR determinara que la Propiedad Arrendada puede ser restaurada dentro del t     rmino de (6) seis meses a partir de la fecha de determina  c  i     n, el ARRENDADOR, deber      a su propio costo y de acuerdo a la cantidad entregada al ARRENDADOR, por el pago del seguro requerido en la C  l     usula VI anteriormente se     a  lada. proceder      dillgentemente a reconstruir las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR, en tal caso, el ARRENDADOR, aceptar      a su elecci     n y en lugar de la renta durante el periodo que el ARRENDATARIO este privado del uso de la propiedad arrendada, el pago del seguro de da     os consecuenciales a que se refiere la Cl     usula VI anterior, o la fianza aplicable al pago de renta en cumplirniento de otras obligaciones. Dur  ante el periodo de reconstrucci     n, el ARRENDATAR  I  O, no tendr      obligaci     n de pagar la renta. En el caso que la Propiedad Arrendada no fuere restaurada dentro de seis (6) meses como fue determinado por el ARRENDADOR, el ARRENDADOR tendr      un periodo de gracia de treinta d     as para comp  l  etar la construcci     n de las mejoras del ARRENDADOR a partir del      ltimo dla de los seis (6) meses. Ante la no entrega por parte del ARRENDADOR de las Mejoras reconstruidas en su condici     n existente antes de la cat     strofe, para el      ltimo d     a del periodo de gracia de treinta (30) dlas, el ARRENDATARIO, tendr        el derecho de dar por terminado el arrendamiento, mediante aviso efectuado al ARRENDADOR.   

El derecho a terminar este Contrato por el ARRENDATARIO esta  r      sujeto al  
 occur within such fifteen (15) days. If LESSOR determines that the Leased Property cannot be restored within six (6) months, either LESSOR or LESSEE shall have the right and option to immediately terminate this Lease Agreement, by advising the other thereof by written notice, without any responsibilities to the parties, except for that of LESSEE to be in compliance with all obligations generated to date in the terms of this Agreement. If LESSOR determine that the Leased Property can be restored within said six (6) months as of the date of determination, LESSOR shall at its own cost and according to the amount delivered to LESSOR as payment of insurance required in terms of Clause VI herein, will proceed diligently to reconstruct LESSOR S Improvements, and in such event, LESSOR will accept, at its election, in lieu of the rent during this period, proceeds from rental insurance policy as per Clause VI above, or the bond applicable to payment of rent and compliance of other obligations. During the period of reconstruction, LESSEE will not be obligated to pay rent. In the event that the Leased Property is reconstructed within the six (6) months period as determined by LESSOR, LESSOR will have a cure period of thirty days, beginning the last day of the six (6) months period, to accomplish finishings on LESSOR S Improvements, not completed by the end of the six months reconstruction period. Upon failure to deliver LESSOR s Improvements in a reconstructed fashion to their existing condition prior to the catastrophe by the last day of the cure period of thirty days, LESSEE will have the right to terminate this Lessee Agreement, by written notice given to LESSOR. The right to terminate this Agreement by LESSEE, will be subject to the payment of the Improvements constructed by LESSOR in accordance to the Insurance that LESSEE is obliged to have in full force and effect at all times throughout the Lease Term. 
 B.-  Partial.  In the event the said damages caused to the Leased Property does not prevent LESSEE from continuing the normal operation of 

pago de las Mejoras construldas por el ARRENDADOR de conformidad con el seguro que es ARRENDATARIO esta obligado a mantener vigente en todo momento durante el T     rmino de Arrendamient  o  .  
 B.-  Parcial.  En caso de que los mencionados da os causados a la Propiedad Arrendada no impidan al ARRENDATARIO continuar la operaci n normal de sus negocios en la Propiedad Arrendada, el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO deber n reparar dichos da os, cada uno reconstruyendo la porci n de las mejoras por la que cada una de ellas era responsable en la construcci n inicial; en el entendido de que durante el per odo que corresponda a la reparaci n de las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR, la renta pagadera en los t rminos de este Contrato por el ARRENDATARIO ser  prorrateada en proporci n a la interferencia que sufra el ARRENDATARIO en el uso y posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada causada por dichos da os y reparaciones,  nica y exclusivamente cuando el ARRENDATARIO est  al corriente en todas sus obligaciones, en particular respecto de la adquisici n de seguro y su efectividad en t rminos de la Cl usula VI del presente y por consiguiente, que la compa  a aseguradora responda por el siniestro, En tal caso el ARRENDADOR aceptar , a su elecci n. y a falta del pago prorrateado de la renta aqul prevista, durante el periodo en que el ARRENDATARIO sea parcialmente desposeldo del uso u posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada, cualquier pago de la renta asegurada o la fianza aplicable a renta y otros pagos. 
 XV. LIMITACI N DE RESPONSABILIDAD 
 Con excepci n de cualesquiera actos intencionales o negligentes u omisiones del ARRENDADOR, de sus agentes o empleados, el ARRENDADOR no ser  responsable para con el ARRENDATARIO ni para con cualquier otra persona, por cualesquier p rdida o da o de ninguna clase, causados por actos intencionales o negligentes u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO o de otros ocupantes del Parque Industrial o de las propiedades adyacentes o del p blico, y otras causas fuera del control del ARRENDADOR, incluyendo en forma enunciativa y no limitative, la falta de entrega o cualquier interrupci n en los servicios p blicos o de cualquier otro servicio, ya sea que  ste ocurra en la Propiedad Arrendada o cerca de ella. El ARRENDATARIO reconoce que de tiempo en tiempo se efectuar n adiciones, 

its business on the Leased Property, LESSOR and LESSEE shall repair said damage, each party reconstructing that portion of the improvements for which it was responsible in the original construction; provided that during the period required for such repair work of LESSOR S Improvements, the rent payable hereunder by LESSEE shall be equitably prorated for the interference with LESSEE S use and possession of the Leased Property caused by such damage and repairs, exclusively when LESSEE is up to date with compliance of all its obligations, in particular in regards to insurance acquisition and effectiveness as referred in Clause VI herein and thus, that the insurance company has responded for the sinister. In that event LESSOR will accept, at its election and in lieu of any prorated payment of the rent hereunder, during the period when LESSEE is partially deprived of the use and possession of the Leased Property, any payment of the rent insurance or a bond applicable for rent and other payments 
 XV. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 
 Except for intentional or negligent acts or omissions of LESSOR, its agents or employees, LESSOR shall not be liable to LESSEE or to any other person whatsoever for any loss or damage of any kind or nature caused by the intentional or negligent acts or omissions of LESSEE or other occupants of the Industrial Park or of adjacent property, or the public, or the causes beyond the control of LESSOR, including but not limited to any, failure to furnish or any interruption of any utility or other services in or about the Leased Property. LESSEE recognizes that additions, replacements and repairs to the Industrial Park will be made from time to time, provided that the same shall not substantially interfere with LESSEE S use and enjoyment of the Leased Property. 
 XVI.- INDEMNIFICATION. 
 LESSEE agrees to indemnify and save LESSOR harmless from any kind or nature whatsoever, 

composturas y reparaciones al Parque Industrial, pero lo anterior no deber      interferir en forma substancial con el uso y goce por part  e   del ARRENDATARIO de la Propiedad Arrendada.  
 XVI.- INDEMNIZACION. 
 El ARRENDATARIO conviene en indemnizar y dejar a salvo al ARRENDADOR de cualquier demanda por da os y perjuicios de cualquier clase o naturaleza que resulten de actos negligentes u omisiones del ARRENDATARIO o sus contratistas, licenciatarios, agentes, invitados o empleados, o que se deriven de accidentes, lesiones o da os causados en cualesquiera forma a personas o bienes que ocurran en o cerca de la Propiedad Arrendada, o  reas adyacentes a la Propiedad Arrendada, as  como de los costos y gastos, incluyendo honorarios de abogado en que por tal motivo se incurra. 
 El ARRENDADOR indemnizar  y dejar  a salvo al ARRENDATARIO de cualquier da o o perjuicio al ARRENDATARIO o sus agentes o empleados y de toda responsabilidad por causa de lesiones o da os causados a terceras personas, o por da os a la propiedad por terceras personas que ocurran mientras se encuentren legalmente dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada que resulten de actos negligentes u omisiones del ARRENDADOR, sus agentes o empleados, as  como de los costos y gastos, incluyendo honorarios de abogado en que por tal motivo se incurra. 
 XVII.- NOTIFICACIONES. 
 Todas las notificaciones a que se refiere el presente Contrato deber n ser dirigidas al domicilio que se menciona en las Declaraciones anteriores a la atenci n del Sr. Jaime Miguel Roberts Vildosola con copia al Sr. Eduardo Mendoza en Km 10.5 Carretera a San Luis. Ex Ejido Coahuila, Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico o a cualquier otro domicilio y nombres que de tiempo en tiempo sea proporcionado por las partes. Dichas notificaciones ser n hechas por escrito y enviadas por correo certificado, por fax, o entregados personalmente cuando sea posible, y surtir n efectos siete (7) d as despu s de la fecha enviada por correo o en la fecha en que se entreguen personalmente. Las notificaciones por duplicado se enviar n por correo a reo certificado, porte pagado, a aquellas direcciones que en forma adicional soliciten de tiempo en tiempo cualesquiera de las partes por escrito. 
     arising from any negligent acts or omissions of LESSEE, or its  

contractors, licensees, agents, invitees or employees, or arising from any accident, injury or damage whatsoever caused to any person or property occurring in or about the Leased Property, or the areas adjoining the Leased Property, and from and against all costs and expenses, including attorney s fees, incurred thereby. 
 LESSOR will indemnify and will hold LESSEE harmless from any injury or damage to LESSEE or its agents or employees and from any and all liability for injury to third persons or damage to the property by third persons while lawfully upon the Leased Property occurring by reason of any negligent acts or omissions of LESSOR, its agents or employees, and from and against all costs, and expenses, including attorney s fees, incurred thereby. 
 XVII.- NOTICES. 
 All notices under this Lease Agreement shall be forwarded to the address mentioned in the Recitals above in care of Mr. Jaime Miguel Roberts Vildosola copied to Eduardo Mendoza at Km 10.5 Carretera a San Luis. Ex Ejido Coahuila. Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico, or such other addresses and names as may from time to time be furnished by the parties hereto. Said notices shall be in writing and sent registered mail, by fax, or hand-delivered when possible, and shall be effective seven (7) days after the date of mailing thereof, or on the date they are hand-delivered. Duplicate notices shall be sent by certified airmail, postage prepaid, to such additional addresses as may from time to time be requested in writing by the parties hereto. 
 XVIII.- ENVIROMENTAL PROVISIONS. 
 LESSOR delivers LESSEE the Leased Property free of contamination according to the certificate issued by the expert registered before the Ministry of Environmental Protection in the State as specialist on Ecological Restoration and Preservation, a copy if which is hereby delivered 

XVIII.- DISPOSICIONES AMBIENTALES.  
 El ARRENDADOR entrega la Propiedad Arrendada libre de contaminaci n de conformidad con el certificado expedido por el perito registrado ante la Secretar   a de Protecci n al Ambiente en el Estado como Restaurador y Preservador Ambiental, cuya copia en este acto se entrega al ARRENDATARIO quien a su vez la recibe de conformidad. 
 El ARRENDATARIO entregar  al ARRENDADOR, el certificado expedido por las Autoridades Ambientales competentes por el cual se autorizan las actividades del ARRENDATARIO. El ARRENDATARIO en este acto se obliga a notificar por escrito al ARRENDADOR, dentro de un periodo de quince (15) d as naturales, inmediatamente posteriores a que el ARRENDATARIO cambie sus actividades autorizadas. 
 El ARRENDATARIO es responsable de todo y cualesquier acto, hecho u omisi n que pueda producir cualquier desequilibrio ecol gico, da o ambiental, responsabilidad o reclamaci n de responsabilidad de todos los materiales y desechos industriales que contaminen la Propiedad Arrendada en el presente o futuro, y mantendr  al ARRENDADOR libre y a salvo de cualesquier reclamaci n, incluyendo los honorarios de abogado y consultores, ingenieros y cualesquier gasto relacionado con la soluci n de la misma. Esta responsabilidad perdurar  sin importar que el presente Contrato sea terminado por cualesquier causa, y en el entendido que de que la autoridad ambiental competente determine el impacto causado por el ARRENDATARIO. El costo de cualquier estudio o actividad necesaria o relacionada con el impacto ambiental ser  pagado por el ARRENDATARIO. 
 El ARRENDADOR conducir  una inspecci n cada seis (6) meses, para verificar cualquier acto que pueda producir un cambio en las condiciones de la Propiedad Arrendada y para asegurarse de que no haya  reas contaminadas por material o desecho industrial. El resultado de dicha inspecci n o la falta de su conducci n no liberar  en forma alguna al ARRENDATARIO de sus obligaciones bajo el presente Contrato. En caso de que cualquier  rea se detecte contaminada, el ARRENDATARIO a su exclusiva cuenta y gasto 

in this act to LESSEE, whom in turn, receives it in conformity. 
 LESSEE will deliver LESSOR, copy of the pertinent certificate issued by the competent Environmental Authorities whereby LESSEE s activities is authorized. LESSEE is hereby bound to provide written notice to LESSOR within a fifteen (15) calendar day period immediately after LESSEE changes its authorized activity. 
 LESSEE is responsible for any and all acts, facts or omissions throughout the Lease Term that can produce any ecological imbalance, environmental damage, responsibility or claim of responsibility for all material and industrial waste that contaminates the Leased Property in the present or future and will save LESSOR harmless of any and all claims, including attorneys , consultants and engineer s fees and any cost related with the solution of the same. This responsibility will endure regardless of that this Agreement is terminated by any reason, and provided a competent environmental authority determines such impact as caused by LESSEE. The cost of any study or activity necessary or in relation to any environmental impact caused by LESSEE will be paid by LESSEE. 
 LESSOR will conduct an inspection every six (6) months, to verify any act that may produce a change in the conditions of the Leased Property and to make sure there are no contaminated areas by material and industrial waste. The result of said inspection, nor the failure to conduct it shall in any form waive LESSEE s responsibilities under this Agreement. In the event that any area are detected to be contaminated, LESSEE to its sole cost and expense will apply the measures necessary and satisfactory to LESSOR in order to solve, regenerate, recover, renovate and restore the environmental conditions that prevailed at Commencement Date. 
 If in a ten (10) calendar day period after knowledge of a variation of environmental 

aplicar      las medidas necesarias y satisfactorias para el ARRENDADOR a efecto de solventar, regenerar, recuperar, renovar y reparar las condiciones ambientales prevalecientes en la Fecha de Inicio.  
 Si en un periodo de diez (10) d as naturales luego de que se tenga conocimiento de alguna variaci n de las condiciones ambientales prevalecientes en la Fecha de Inicio, el ARRENDATARIO no ha iniciado la implementacibn de medidas para reparar, el ARRENDADOR a la cuenta y gasto del ARRENDATARIO aplicar  tales medidas y notificara a las Autoridades Ambientales para que realice los procedimientos para prevenir y evitar que el ARRENDATARIO continue causando da os ambientales. En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO no cumpla con la implementaci n de la totalidad de las medidas de reparaci n en el t rmino que el ARRENDADOR haya autorizado se le otorgue para el efecto, el ARRENDATARIO se har  responsable de su demora y establecer  el tiempo necesario para ello, a satisfacci n del ARRENDADOR. 
 A la terminaci n del presente Contrato, y para que la entrega f sica de la Propiedad Arrendada sea aceptada, el ARRENDATARIO debera presentar y entregar al ARRENDADOR un certificado expedido por un perito registrado ante la Secretar a de Protecci n al Ambiente en el Estado como especialista en Restauraci n y Preservaci n Ambiental que haya sido previamente autorizado por el ARRENDADOR, en que se certifique que la Propiedad Arrendada est  libre de contaminaci n. 
 XIX.- INCUMPLIMIENTO POR PARTE DEL ARRENDATARIO. 
 A.- Cada uno de los siguientes casos ser n considerados como incumplimiento por parte del ARRENDATARIO: 
 1. -  Desocupar o abandonar la Propiedad Arrendada; el ARRENDADOR considerar  que el edificio se encuentra abandonado cuando el ARRENDATARIO cierra sus operaciones, finiquita a todos sus empleados y deja de pagar la renta de uno o m s meses. Bajo estas circunstancias el ARRENDADOR podr  proceder a ocupar el  edificio  una vez haya notificado al ARRENDATARIO bajo los t rminos que se establecen en este contrato, y que no se reciba  

conditions prevailing at Commencement Date, LESSEE has not initiated implementation of measures to restore, LESSOR at LESSEE S sole cost and expense will apply such measures and will notify the competent Environmental Authority in order to further prevent and avoid that LESSEE continue to cause environmental damage. In the event that LESSEE fails to comply with implementation of all repair measures within the term authorized by such competent environmental authorities, LESSEE will be held responsible for such delay and shall nevertheless proceed to cure such damage as may be ordered by LESSOR. 
 Upon termination of this Agreement, and for physical delivery of the Leased Property to be accepted, LESSEE shall present and deliver to LESSOR a Certificate issued by an expert registered before the Ministry of Environmental Protection in the State as specialist on Ecological Restoration and Preservation, acceptable to LESSOR, certifying that the Leased Property is free of contamination. 
 XIX.- LESSEE s DEFAULT. 
 A.- Each of the following shall be a default of LESSEE: 
 1.- Vacating or abandonment of the Leased Property; LESSOR shall consider the building abandoned when LESSEE closes its operations, terminates all employees and stops making payment of rent for one or more months. Under such circumstances LESSOR may proceed to take over the building after notifying LESSEE under the terms hereunder provided, and no answer is received for a period of ten (10) calendar days following such notice. For such purpose, LESSOR is hereby expressly authorized by LESSEE to request the competent Court under a voluntary jurisdiction procedure to be given possession of the building using any legal means provided by Law, and expressly waiving LESSEE the right to be notified due to prior notice of abandonment. This procedure may be observed independently of any other remedies of LESSOR as provided hereunder. 

respuesta en un periodo de diez (10) d     as naturales s  i  guientes   a     tal aviso. Por ta  l   motiv  o  , el ARRENDADOR en este acto queda expresamente autorizado por el ARRENDATARIO para solicitar al Juzgado competente mediante el procedimiento de jurisdicci     n voluntaria que se le otorgue posesi     n del edificio utilizando los medios lega  l  es que otorga la Ley, y renunciando expresamente el ARRENDATARIO al derecho a ser notificado debido al aviso de abandono anterior. Este procedimiento podr      observarse independientemente de cualesquier otro recurso utilizado por el ARRENDADOR y que se establece en este contrato. coma  
 2. - La falta de pago de cualesquier mensualidad de renta devengada y pagadera en la fecha de vencimiento en caso de que dicho incumplimiento continuar  por un periodo de cinco (5) d as posteriores a la notificaci n de dicho incumplimiento. 
 3.- Incumplimiento en la ejecuci n de cualquier pacto, acuerdo, contratos u obligaciones del ARRENDATARIO en los t rminos de este Contrato, si dicho incumplimiento continua diez (10) d as naturales despu s del aviso por escrito del ARRENDADOR al ARRENDATARIO en el que se requiera su cumplimiento(o durante un per odo razonable que fuere necesario para remediar el incumplimiento) que otorgue el ARRENDADOR, cuando no se haya previsto t rmino expreso; 
 4. - Una cesi n general por el ARRENDATARIO para el beneficio de acreedores. 
 5.- Petici n voluntaria de una declaraci n de quiebra por el ARRENDATARIO o petici n de una declaraci n involuntaria de quiebra por los acreedores del ARRENDATARIO, si dicha petici n permanece sin retirarse por un periodo de treinta (30) d as naturales; 
 6. - El nombramiento de un Depositario Judicial que tome posesi n substancial de todos los bienes del ARRENDATARIO o de este arrendamiento, si permanece dicha disposici n judicial sin retirarse por un periodo de treinta (30) d as naturales o; 
 7.- Incumplimiento por parte del ARRENDATARIO de la resoluci n definitiva y firme emitida por las Autoridades Ambientales del Gobierno Mexicano, en relaci n con la ejecuci n de sus actividades o con el uso y operaci n de cualesquier equipo por parte del ARRENDATARIO que pudiera ser 

2.- Failure to pay any installment of rent due and payable hereunder upon the date when said payment is due, if such failure continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice of such default. 
 3.- Default in the performance of any of LESSEE s covenants, agreements or obligations hereunder, said default continuing for ten (10) calendar days after written notice requiring such performance given by LESSOR to LESSEE (or for any reasonable period necessary for LESSEE to cure said default) given by LESSOR, when no express period is stated; 
 4.- A general assignment by LESSEE for the benefit of creditors; 
 5.- The filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy by LESSEE or the filing of an involuntary petition by LESSEE s creditors, said petition remaining undischarged for a period of thirty (30) calendar days; 
 6.- The appointment of a Receiver to take possession of substantially all of LESSEE s assets or of this leasehold, said receivership remaining undissolved or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) calendar days after the levy thereof; or 
 7.- Failure by LESSEE to comply with any and all applicable laws and regulations, or definitive resolutions of any Environmental Agency of the Government of Mexico, as determined by the corresponding Environmental Authorities, in connection with the performance of their activities or the use or operation of any equipment by LESSEE that may be considered as contaminating by such Governmental Office, and failure to comply with any and all recommendations, so given by said Governmental Office. 
 B.- Upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing defaults, LESSOR shall have the right, at its option, and in addition to other rights or remedies 

considerada como contaminante por dicha Autoridad Gube  rn  amental, as      como el     incumplimien  t  o respecto de cualesquier ley, reglamento o recomendaci     n efectuada por dicha Autoridad en relaci     n con dicho asunto.  
 B.- En cualquiera de los casos anteriores, el ARRENDADOR a su opci n tendr  el derecho, adem s de utilizar cualesquier recurso otorgado por la ley, de reclamar da os, de rescindir de inmediato este Contrato de Arrendamiento y exigir al ARRENDATARIO la desocupaci n de la Propiedad Arrendada, sin afectar los derechos del ARRENDADOR de acuerdo a los t rminos del p rrafo A), 1) de esta Cl usula, y particularmente el derecho de recaudar las rentas restantes del t rmino de arrendamiento de este contrato. 
 XX.- DERECHO A SUBSANAR EL INCUMPLIMIENTO DE LAS OBLIGACIONES. 
 En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO no cumpla con cualesquier t rmino o estipulaci n contenida en este Contrato, (excepto la falta de pago de rentas y cuota de mantenimiento), el ARRENDADOR podr , sin estar obligado a ello, y en cualquier momento despu s de aviso por escrito dado con diez (10) d as, subsanar dicho incumplimiento, incluyendo la aplicaci n de mecanismos de restauraci n en caso de contaminaci n o hacer reparaciones a la Propiedad Arrendada por cuenta y gasto del ARRENDATARIO. Si el ARRENDADOR, en virtud de dicho incumplimiento, paga cualesquier cantidad o debe efectuar gastos, incluyendo honorarios de abogados, las cantidades que haya pagado o erogado junto con todos los intereses, costos y da os, ser n pagados por el ARRENDATARIO al ARRENDADOR el primer d a del mes siguiente en que dichos gastos fueron incurridos. 
 Si cualquier pago de renta o cualesquier otro pago no son efectuados inmediatamente despu s de ser exigibles, generar n intereses a raz n del diez  (10%)  por ciento mensual a partir de la fecha en que se hicieran exigibles, hasta su liquidaci n total. Esta estipulaci n no se entender  como liberaci n del ARRENDATARIO de cualquier incumplimiento al efectuar los pagos a tiempo y en la forma que se establece en este Contrato. Los intereses, gastos y da os mencionados anteriormente, ser n cobrados del ARRENDATARIO mediante el ejercicio por parte del ARRENDADOR del derecho de obtener pago de da os y perjuicios en los t rminos de esta 

granted by law, including the right to claim damages, to immediately rescind this Lease Agreement and evict LESSEE from the Leased Property, without affecting the rights of LESSOR under the terms of paragraph A), 1) of this Clause, and particularly the right to collect the remaining rents for the contractual lease term. 
 XX.- RIGHT TO CURE DEFAULTS. 
 In the event of LESSEE s breach of any term or provision herein, (except payment of rents and maintenance fee), LESSOR may, without any obligation to do so at any time after ten (10) days written notice, cure such breach or default including the application of mechanisms of restoration in the event of contamination or make repairs to the Leased Property, for the account and at the expense of LESSEE, If LESSOR, by reason of such breach or default, pays any money or is compelled to incur any expense including attorney s fees, the sums so paid or incurred by LESSOR with all interest, cost and damages, shall be paid by LESSEE to LESSOR on the first day of the month after incurring such expenses. 
 If any installment of rent or any other payment is not paid promptly when due, it shall bear interest of ten  (10%)  percent, monthly from the date on which it becomes delinquent until paid. This provision is not intended to relieve LESSEE from any default in the making of any payment at the time and in the manner herein specified. The foregoing interests, expenses and damages shall be recoverable from LESSEE by exercise of LESSOR s right to recover damages under this Clause. Nothing in this Clause affects the  right  of LESSORto indemnification by LESSEE for liability arising prior to the termination of this Lease for personal injuries or property damage. 

Cl     usula. Nada de lo contenido en la presente Cl     usula afecta el derecho del ARRENDADOR para ser indemnizado por el ARRENDATARIO, por la responsabilidad derivada antes de la terminaci     n de este Contrato por lesiones o da     os a la propiedad.  
 XXI.- RENUNCIA. 
 En caso de que el ARRENDADOR o el ARRENDATARIO no exijan que la otra parte cumpla con cualquiera de las obligaciones contenidas en este Contrato, esto no ser  interpretado como renuncia a exigir el cumplimiento de la misma obligaci n o de otras obligaciones en forma subsecuente. Cualquier consentimiento o aprobaci n no se considerar  como renuncia o como innecesaria la aprobaci n o consentimiento para actos similares o subsecuentes del ARRENDATARIO o del ARRENDADOR. 
 XXII.- CERTIFICACIONES. 
 El ARRENDATARIO, dentro de los diez (10) d as siguientes al recibo de la solicitud por escrito del ARRENDADOR, deber  entregar al ARRENDADOR una declaraci n por escrito certificando que este Contrato no ha sido modificado y se encuentra en vigor (o en caso de que haya habido modificaciones, que las mismas est n vigentes en los t rminos realizadas); las fechas en que las rentas y otros cargos hayan sido pagados por adelantado; y que las Mejoras del ARRENDADOR han sido terminadas en forma satisfactoria. Es la intenci n que dicha declaraci n pueda ser tomada en cuenta por cualquier persona, posible comprador o instituci n financiera interesada en la Propiedad Arrendada. 
 XXIII.- RETENCION DE LA PROPIEDAD ARRENDADA. 
 Si el ARRENDATARIO permanece en posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada, como consecuencia de la negligencia u omisi n del ARRENDATARIO, despu s del vencimiento de este Contrato, el ARRENDATARIO pagar  al ARRENDADOR una pena convencional mensual igual al ciento veinte (120%) por ciento sobre el importe del arrendamiento mensual, a partir de la fecha de vencimiento del Contrato de Arrendamiento y hasta en tanto el ARRENDATARIO haya entregado al ARRENDADOR la posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada, o celebrado un nuevo Contrato de Arrendamiento. Esta estipulaci n no 

In the event LESSOR or LESSEE does not compel the other to comply with any of the obligations hereunder, such action or omission shall not be construed as a waiver of a subsequent breach of the same or any other provision. Any consent or approval shall not be deemed to waive or render unnecessary the consent or approval of any subsequent or similar act by LESSEE or LESSOR. 
 XXII.- CERTIFICATES. 
 LESSEE shall, within ten (10) days of receipt of a written request made by LESSOR, deliver to LESSOR a statement in writing certifying that this Lease Agreement is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been modifications, that the same are in full force and effect as modified); the dates to which the rent and any other charges have been paid in advance, and that LESSOR s Improvements have been satisfactorily completed. It is intended that any such statement may be relied upon by any person, prospective purchaser or lending institution interested in the Leased Property. 
 XXIII.- HOLDING OVER. 
 If LESSEE should remain in possession of the Leased Property, due to LESSEE s omission or negligence, after the expiration of this agreement, LESSEE shall pay LESSOR a monthly penalty equal to one hundred and twenty (120%) percent of the amount of the monthly rent, as of the expiration date of the Lease Agreement until LESSEE has delivered to LESSOR possession of the Leased property or executed a new Lease Agreement. This provision shall not be construed as granting any right to LESSEE to remain in possession of the Leased Property after the expiration of the Lease term. LESSEE shall indemnify LESSOR against any loss or liability resulting from the delay by LESSEE in surrendering the Leased Property, if such loss or liability is founded on said delay. The parties agree that LESSEE shall quit and surrender the LEASED PROPERTY at the expiration of this Lease Agreement. 

ser      interpretada en el sentido de que se otorga derecho alguno a  l   ARRENDATARIO para permanecer en posesi     n de la Propiedad Arrendada despu     s de la terminaci     n del T     rmino del Arrendamiento. El ARRENDATARIO deber      indemnizar al ARRENDADOR contra cualesquier p     rdida o responsabilidad que resulte de la demora en la entrega de la Propiedad Arrendada por el ARRENDATARIO, si dicha p     rdida o responsabilidad se funda en tal demora. Las partes convienen en que el ARRENDATARIO deber      desocupar y entregar la PROPIEDAD ARRENDADA a la terminaci     n de este Contrato de Arrendamiento.  
 XXIV.- ENTREGA. 
 El  ltimo d a del t rmino de este Contrato de Arrendamiento o antes, en caso de que sea terminado anticipadamente de acuerdo con lo establecido en otras disposiciones de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, el ARRENDATARIO deber  desocupar y entregar la Propiedad Arrendada, limpia, en buenas condiciones, junto con todas las alteraciones, adiciones y mejoras que hayan sido hechas en la misma, excepto por mobiliario, maquinaria y equipo propiedad del ARRENDATARIO salvo diversa autorizaci n por escrito por el ARRENDADOR. A la terminaci n de este Contrato, el ARRENDATARIO deber  retirar inmediatamente todos sus bienes, excepto por lo mencionado anteriormente, y todo aquello que no haya sido retirado se considerar    abandonado por el ARRENDATARIO. El ARRENDATARIO deber  reparar cualesquier da o y perjuicio causado a la Propiedad Arrendada por el retiro de los bienes del ARRENDATARIO. 
 XXV.- USO Y GOCE PACIFICO. 
 El ARRENDADOR conviene que el ARRENDATARIO, mediante el pago de las rentas y dem s cantidades que se establecen en este Contrato y mediante el cumplimiento de todos los t rminos y disposiciones de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, podr  ocupar y disfrutar en forma legal y pacifica la Propiedad Arrendada durante el t rmino del Arrendamiento. 
 XXVI.- DISPOSICIONES MISCELANEAS 
 A.- Este documento contiene todas las condiciones y acuerdos entre las partes y no podr  ser modificado verbalmente ni en alguna otra manera, sino mediante convenio escrito firmado por los representantes autorizados de 

XXIV.- SURRENDER. 
 On the last day of the term of this Lease Agreement, or the sooner termination thereof pursuant to other provisions hereof, LESSEE shall quit and surrender the Leased Property, broom clean, in good condition together with all alterations, additions and improvements that may have been made to the same, except furniture, machinery and equipment owned by LESSEE, unless otherwise authorized in writing by LESSOR. Upon the termination of this Lease Agreement, LESSEE shall immediately remove all of its property, with the exception noted above, and all property not removed shall be deemed abandoned by LESSEE. LESSEE shall immediately repair any and all damage caused to the Leased Property by the removal of LESSEE s property. 
 XXV.- QUIET ENJOYMENT. 
 LESSOR agrees that LESSEE, upon paying the rent and all other charges provided for herein and upon complying with all of the terms and provisions of the Lease Agreement, shall lawfully and quietly occupy and enjoy the Leased Property during the Lease Term, without disturbance of any one. 
 XXVI.- MISCELLANEOUS. 
 A.- This document contains all of the agreements and conditions made between the parties, and may not be modified orally or in any manner other than by a written agreement signed by the authorized representatives of the parties. 
 B.- If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Lease, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances, shall to any extent be held by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Lease or the application thereof to any person or 

ambas partes.  
 B.- Si cualquier t rmino, pacto, condici n o previsi n de este Contrato o la aplicaci n del mismo a cualquier persona o circunstancia, es declarado invalido, nulo o no ejecutable en cualquier grado por un tribunal competente, el resto de los t rminos, pactos, condiciones o previsiones de este Contrato o la aplicaci n del mismo a cualquier persona o circunstancia, deber n permanecer en plena vigencia y en ninguna forma resultar n por ello afectados, objetados o invalidados. 
 C.- En caso de que cualquiera de las paries entablara acci n judicial en contra de la otra parte por la posesion de la Propiedad Arrendada, o para el pago de cualquier cantidad a que se refiere este Contrato, o en virtud de incumplimiento de cualquier estipulaci n en los t rminos de este Contrato, la parte que obtenga sentencia favorable tendr  derecho a cobrar de la otra los gastos y costas correspondientes, incluyendo honorarios de abogados. 
 D.- Todos los pagos y obligaciones que se requieren conforme a este Contrato de Arrendamiento ser n hechos y ejecutados precisamente en la fecha se alada para ello y excepto por los per odos de gracia espec ficos, no se permitir  ning n retraso o ampliaci n de los mismos. Desde este momento se acuerda por las partes que atendiendo a que el primer mes de renta iniciar  a partir del d a 8 de noviembre del a o 2007, su pago deber  realizarse dentro de los primeros cinco (5) d as siguientes a dicha fecha; en el mismo sentido, en virtud de que dicho pago corresponde al periodo parcial de un mes, la cantidad que deber  cubrirse por E  ARRENDATARIO por el mes de noviembre del 2007 ser  el monto de $ 15,462.78 d lares. De igual forma, la cuota de mantenimiento que deber  cubrirse para dicho periodo ser  la cantidad de $ 754.28 d lares. 
 E.- Los t tulos y subt tulos de las Cl usulas de este documento no tendr n efecto alguno en la interpretaci n de los t rminos y disposiciones de este Contrato de Arrendamiento. 
 F.- El ARRENDATARIO en este acto entrega la cantidad de US$ 40,337.70 d lares equivalences a dos (2) meses de renta, m s el Impuesto al Valor Agregado (IVA) de cada uno. El equivalentes a dos (2) meses de renta como dep sito en garant a por el cumplimiento de las obligaciones 

circumstances, shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. 
 C.- In the event that either party should bring an action against the other party for the possession of the Leased Property or for the recovery of any sum due hereunder, or because of the breach of default of any covenant in this Lease Agreement, the prevailing party shall have the right to collect from the other party its relevant costs and expenses, including attorney s fees. 
 D.- Every payment and performance required by this Lease Agreement, shall be paid and performed on the date specified for such payment or performance and except for the specific grace periods herein, no delay or extension thereof shall be permitted. From this moment the parties agree that because the first month of rent will initiate upon the 8 th  day of November of year 2007, its payment shall be realized between the first five (5) days next to such date; in the same terms, in attention that such payment corresponds to the partial period of a month, the quantity that should be paid by the LESSEE for the month of November of 2007 will be the amount of $ 15,462.78 dollars. Under the same terms, the maintenance fee that will be cover for such period will be the amount of $ 754.28 dollars. 
 E.- The titles and subtitles to the Clauses of this document shall have no effect on the interpretation of the terms and provisions contained in this Lease Agreement. 
 F.- LESSEE hereby delivers the amount of US$ $ 40,337.77 dollars equivalent to two (2) months rent, plus Value Added Tax of each. The equivalent to two (2) months rent as deposit in guaranty for compliance of the obligations assumed hereunder by LESSEE, including but not limited to payment of rents, environmental damage or contamination of the Leased Property and shall be reimbursed to LESSEE by LESSOR upon termination of the Lease Agreement, once LESSEE provides evidence that all obligations have been complied with and that there are no pending payments in relation to the obligations assumed herein, otherwise LESSOR is expressly authorized to use such deposit to cover amounts 

asumidas en este Contrato por el ARRENDATARIO, incluyendo pero no limitado al pago de rentas, da     os ambientales o contaminaci     n a la Propiedad Arrendada, y ser      devuelto al ARRENDATARIO por el ARRENDADOR al t     rmino de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, una vez que el ARRENDATARIO compruebe que se ha cumplido con todas las obligaciones, de otra forma el ARRENDADOR queda expresamente autorizado a utilizar tal dep     sito para cubrir las cantidades que se adeudaren por cualquier concepto al ARRENDADOR.  
 G.- Las partes convienen que este Contrato de Arrendamiento estar  regido por las Leyes del Estado de Baja California. 
 H.- Para todo lo relativo a la interpretaci n y cumplimiento de este Contrato, las partes expresamente se someten a la jurisdicci n de los Tribunales de la Ciudad de Mexicali, Estado de Baja California, renunciando a cualquier otro fuero que por raz n de su domicilio presente o futuro o por cualquier otra causa pudiera llegar a corresponderles. 
 I.- Siempre que se requiera el previo consentimiento de alguna de las partes, ya sea por escrito o manifestado en cualquier otra forma, como condici n para que la otra parte ejecute alg n acto, dicha parte conviene en no negar tal consentimiento en forma arbitraria. 
 J.- Cada una de las partes se obliga a firmar aquellos documentos adicionales que requiera la otra parte, pero solamente cuando dicho documento tenga por objeto dar efectos legales a los derechos establecidos en este Contrato de Arrendamiento. 
 K.- La entrega de este documento para su revisi n y firma por el ARRENDATARIO, no constituye reserva de, ni opci n de arrendamiento, y no tendr  valor alguno como Contrato de Arrendamiento mientras no sea firmado y entregado por ambas partes, ARRENDADOR y ARRENDATARIO. 
 L.- Este Arrendamiento, y cada uno de sus t rminos y disposiciones, ser n obligatorios, y redundar n en beneficio de las partes y sus respectivos sucesores o cesionarios, sujetos a las previsiones aqu  estipuladas. Cuando se haga referencia al ARRENDADOR en el presente Arrendamiento, dicha referencia se entender  que  

owed under any title to LESSOR. 
 G.- The parties agree that this Lease Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of the State of Baja California. 
 H.- For everything pertaining to the interpretation and compliance of this Lease Agreement the parties thereby expressly submit to the jurisdiction of the Civil Courts of the City of Mexicali, State of Baja California, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction which might be applicable by reason of their present or future domiciles or otherwise. 
 I.- Whenever the prior consent of either party, written or otherwise, is required as a condition for any act by the other party under this Lease Agreement, such party agrees not arbitrarily to withhold such consent. 
 J.- Each party shall execute such further documents as shall be requested by the other party, but only to the extent that the effect of said documents is to give legal effect to rights set forth in this Lease Agreement. 
 K.- Submission of this instrument for examination or signature by LESSEE does not constitute a reservation of or option to lease, and it is not effective as a lease or otherwise until execution and delivery by both LESSOR and LESSEE. 
 L.- This Lease Agreement and each of its covenants and conditions shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective assignees, subject to the provisions hereof. Whenever in this Lease a reference is made to LESSOR, such reference shall be deemed to refer to the person in whom the interest of the LESSOR hereunder shall be vested. Any successor or assignee of LESSEE who accepts an assignment of the benefit of this Lease and enters into possession of enjoyment hereunder shall thereby assume and agree to perform and be bound by, the covenants and conditions hereof. 
 M.- LESSOR hereby agrees with LESSEE that, if so requested by LESSEE, LESSOR shall 

Arrendamiento, dicha referen  ci  a se entender      que se refiere a la persona que represente los intereses del ARRENDADOR. Cualquier sucesor o cesionario del ARRENDATARIO que acepte la cesi     n a los beneficios del presente Contrato y tome posesi     n o goce en este contrato, asume y acepta las obligaciones y   condiciones aqu      estipuladas.  
 M.- El ARRENDADOR conviene con el ARRENDATARIO que, si lo requiere el ARRENDATARIO, el ARRENDADOR construir  cualesquier mejora adicional en el edificio sujeto a los terminos y condiciones relativos a las mismas, seg n se establece en este Contrato de Arrendamiento. 
 N.- Sistemas contra Incendios. El ARRENDATARIO garantiza que la Propiedad Arrendada cuente en todo momento con el sistema b sico contra incendio que la misma requiere considerando su actividad industrial a que se refiere la Cl usula I del presente, por lo que en este acto, el ARRENDATARIO se obliga a en un t rmino que no exceda de treinta (30) d as naturales, a instalar un sistema contra Incendios en la Propiedad Arrendada a efecto de que cumpla exhaustivamente con las disposiciones normativas municipales y la Norma Oficial Mexicana NOM-002-STPS-1994, Relativa a las condiciones de seguridad para la prevenci n y protecci n contra incendio en los centros de trabajo, considerando el riesgo que presente la actividad industrial y operaciones de la ARRENDATARIA. 
 O.- El presente Contrato se firma en Espa ol e lngl s, y en caso de que resultare alguna inconsistencia con respecto a su interpretaci n, prevalecer  la versi n en Espa ol. 
 PARA CONSTANCIA, las partes han celebrado este Contrato de Arrendamiento en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Estado de Baja California, M xico, a los 8 d as de Octubre del a o dos mil siete. 

EL ARRENDADOR:  

Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras S.A. de C.V.  

Por: Eduardo Mendoza Larios  

construct any additional Improvements in the building subject to the stipulations, terms and conditions as established elsewhere in this Lease Agreement. 
 N.- Fire Deterrent Systems. LESSEE guarantees that the Leased Property has the basic system against fires required by the same, without considering the industrial activity of LESSEE as referred to in clause I herein, thereby LESSEE hereby is bound to, in a period not to exceed thirty (30) calendar days, install a fire deterrent system of the Leased Property so that it complies exhaustively with applicable municipal regulations and the  Official Mexican Norm NOM-002-STPS-1994,  relative to the Security Conditions to Prevent and Protect Against Fire in the Workplace, considering the risk presented by the industrial activity and operations of LESSEE. 
 O.- This Agreement is executed in Spanish and English and in the event any inconsistency arises regarding its interpretation, the Spanish version shall prevail. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have  executed  this Lease Agreement in the city of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico,  on  the 8th day of October, two thousand and seven. 

LESSOR:  

Industrias Asociadas Maquiladoras S.A. de C.V.  

By: Eduardo Mendoza Larios  

LESSEE:  

Esterline M xico S. de R.L. de C.V.  

/s/ Larry Albert Kring  

By: Larry Albert Kring  

EL ARRENDATARIO:   

Esterline M xico S. de R.L. de C.V.  

/s/ Larry Albert Kring  

Por: Larry Albert Kring  

TESTIGOS:  

C. Lope Palomino  

C.  

WITNESSES:  

Mr. Lope Palomino  

Mr.  

PRIMER  CONVENIO MODIFICATORIO al Contrato de Arrendamiento que celebran  por una parte   INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS S.A. DE C.V.  , de aqu  en adelante descrito como el    ARRENDADOR   , representado por el Sr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, y           ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V  .  , de aqu  en adelante referido como el    ARRENDATARIO   , representado por su representante legal, Sr. Hugo Rubio Jr. , y con el conocimiento de Esterline Technologies Corporation de aqu  en adelante referido como    GARANTE   , representado por su representante legal, Sr. Albert Scott Yost, en t rminos de las siguientes declaraciones y cl usulas:  
  DECLARACIONES:   
 Las partes declaran: 
 I.- Que el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO celebraron un Contrato de Arrendamiento fechado el 8 de  Octubre del 2007 (en lo sucesivo eL  Contrato de Arrendamiento ), en el cual el ARRENDADOR arrend  un edificio modular al ARRENDATARIO, localizado en el Camino Vecinal Lote 3, manzana 1 Col. El Realito, 22250, en el Parque Industrial Valle Bonito en la ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, identificado como "Edificio Palmera" con una superficie construida de  49,192.31 pies cuadrados identificado como M dulos 1 y 2 (en lo sucesivo la Propiedad Arrendada) 
 II. Que en la Clausula III de dicho  Contrato de Arrendamiento , identificada como  T rmino del Arrendamiento y Fecha de Inicio de Vigencia , ambas partes acordaron una vigencia de arrendamiento obligatoria a partir del 8 de Octubre de 2007 y concluyendo el 30 de Noviembre de 2012. 
 III. Que es su voluntad celebrar este Primer Convenio Modificatorio, y agregarlo para que forme parte integral del Contrato de Arrendamiento, considerando los t rminos y condiciones que se mencionan a continuaci n, de acuerdo a la voluntad del ARRENDATARIO de renovar el t rmino del contrato ejerciendo su derecho a la primera prorroga establecido en el mismo, por un periodo adicional obligatorio para las partes de cinco (5) a  por lo que  el nuevo t rmino iniciar   el 1ero. de Diciembre de 2012 y concluir  el 30 de Noviembre de 2017. 

FIRST AMENDMENT AGREEMENT to the Lease Agreement entered into by and between  INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS MAQUILADORAS S.A. DE C.V. , hereinafter referred to as   LESSOR  , represented by Mr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, and  ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. , hereinafter referred to as   LESSEE  , represented by its legal representative, Mr. Hugo Rubio, Jr., and with the acknowledgement of Esterline Technologies Corporation ,  hereinafter referred to as   GUARANTOR   represented by its legal representative, Mr. Albert Scott Yost, pursuant to the following recitals and clauses: 
  RECITALS:   
 The parties declare:  
 I.- That LESSOR and the LESSEE have entered into a Lease Agreement dated October 8th, 2007 (hereinafter referred to as the  Lease Agreement ), whereby LESSOR leased a modular building to LESSEE, located in Camino Vecinal lot 3, block 1 of Col. El Realito 22250, at Valle Bonito Industrial Park in the city of Tijuana, Baja California, identified as  Palmera Building   with a constructed area of approximately 49,192.31 square feet identified as Modules 1 and 2 (hereinafter referred to as the  Leased Property ). 
 II. That according to Clause III of such  Lease Agreement , identified as  Lease Term and Commencement Date , both parties agreed to an obligatory Lease Term beginning on October 8th, 2007 and ending on November 30th, 2012. 
 III. That it is their intention to execute this First Amendment Agreement and add it as part of the Lease Agreement, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth below, according to the intention of the LESSEE to extend the Lease Term executing its right to the first extension established in the Lease Agreement, for an additional binding term to the parties of five (5)  years commencing on December 1st 2012 and ending November 30th, 2017. 

IV. Que se acredita la capacidad legal del representante del ARRENDATARIO con   Escritura P blica de fecha 31 de Enero de 2012, N mero 25,044 del Volumen 404, del protocolo a cargo del Licenciado Xavier Iba ez Aldana, Notario P blico No. 1 de la Ciudad de Tecate, Baja California y de la cual se tom  raz n en el registro p blico de la propiedad y de comercio el d a 3 de Octubre de 2007, bajo partida n mero 5,554,560,  de la Secci n Comercio; misma de la que se adjunta copia certificada al presente marcada como   Anexo  A   , para formar parte integrante del mismo.  
 En t rminos de lo anterior, las partes acuerdan como sigue: 
  C L A U S U L A S : 
 PRIMERA: PRORROGA DEL T RMINO DE ARRENDAMIENTO. 
 De conformidad con lo establecido en la Cl usula III, letra D, relativa a la  Opci n para Prorrogar  del Contrato de Arrendamiento, el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO acuerdan ejercer su derecho a la primera opci n de pr rroga a fin de extender el T rmino del Arrendamiento por uno nuevo de cinco (5) a os forzosos para las partes; por lo tanto el nuevo t rmino iniciar  el 1ero. de Diciembre de 2012 y debiendo concluir el 30 de Noviembre 2017.  
 El ARRENDATARIO tendr  derecho a solicitar la renovaci n del Contrato de Arrendamiento por dos (2) per odos adicionales m nimos de cinco  (5) a os, mediante aviso por escrito dado al ARRENDADOR por el ARRENDATARIO con un m nimo de ciento ochenta (180) d as naturales de anticipaci n al vencimiento del T rmino de pr rroga, siempre y cuando el arrendatario est  al corriente en el pago de la renta y cualesquier otra obligaci n a su cargo en los t rminos del Contrato de Arrendamiento y sus convenios modificatorios, caso en el que las partes podr n negociar los t rminos y condiciones generales por los que se regir  dicha prorroga.  
 Las partes convienen que por falta de notificaci n en tiempo y forma para ejercer la pr rroga referida el p rrafo anterior, se entiende que el ARRENDATARIO no tiene intenci n de extender el T rmino de Arrendamiento y en consecuencia, el ARRENDATARIO, sin que el ARRENDADOR se lo requiera, habr  de proceder a desocupar la Propiedad Arrendada sin mayor tr mite que lo establecido en este contrato, lo cual deber  suceder tambi n para el caso de que las partes no hayan llegado a un acuerdo sobre los t rminos en que se regir  la prorroga y celebrado el convenio respectivo al menos 45 d as naturales antes del comienzo del T rmino de pr rroga. 

IV. That the legal capacity of LESSEE s representative is evidenced in Public Instrument dated January 31st. 2012, number 25,044, Volume 404, executed before Attorney Xavier Iba ez,  Notary Public No. 1 in Tecate, Baja California, recorded in the Public Registry of Property and Commerce under log entry number 5,554,560 on October 3rd, 2007 of the Commerce Section, of which a certified copy is attached herein as  Exhibit  A   and made a part hereof 
 Pursuant to the above, the parties agree as follows: 
  C L A U S E S : 
 FIRST: EXTENSION OF THE LEASE TERM.  
 According to Clause III, letter D ( Option to Extend ) of the Lease Agreement, LESSOR and LESSEE agree to exercise the right to the first option to extend the Term of the Lease Agreement for a new term of five (5) years binding on the parties;, consequently, the new Term will commence on December 1st, 2012 and end on November 30th, 2017. 
 LESSEE shall  have  the right to request the extension of the Term of the Lease Agreement for two (2) additional periods, each consisting of a minimum of five  (5) years, by giving written notice to LESSOR not less than one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days prior to the expiration of the extended term, so long as LESSEE is not then in default in payment of rent or of any other obligation provided by the Lease Agreement or its amendments, in which case the parties shall be able to negotiate the general terms and conditions that shall regulate such extension 
 The parties hereby agree that if there is a lack of timely and formal notice to exercise the option referred to in the preceding paragraph, it is understood that LESSEE does not intend to extend the Lease Term and consequently, LESSEE shall proceed to leave the Leased Property without LESSOR having to make demand and with no further proceeding other than that herein contained in this agreement. The same procedure shall apply if the parties have not come to an agreement about the terms to govern the extended term  and if they have not executed the corresponding amendment agreement at least forty five (45) calendar days prior to the commencement of the extended term. 

SEGUNDA: RENTA.  
 A partir del 1ero. de Diciembre del 2012 el ARRENDATARIO pagar  al ARRENDADOR por concepto de renta dela Propiedad Arrendada la cantidad de US $0.405 D lares (cero punto cuatrocientos cinco D lares, moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) por pie cuadrado mensuales, lo que sumar  un total de  US$  19,922.89 D lares (Diecinueve mil novecientos veintid s D lares 89/100, moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica), m s el once por ciento (11%) de Impuesto al Valor Agregado (o el que resulte aplicable al momento de pago), los cuales deber n ser pagados por adelantado al ARRENDADOR en el domicilio de este  ltimo, durante los primeros cinco d as de cada mes. 
 Dicha renta ser  ajustada anualmente para reflejar el  ndice de Precios al Consumidor para el  rea de Los Angeles-Riverside-Orange County, con un m ximo topado del tres punto cinco por ciento (3.5%), como se acord  en el Contrato de Arrendamiento   
 Si dicha renta no se pagare dentro de los cinco (5) d as de cualquiera de los meses, se considerar  en mora y se cargar  un inter s moratorio a raz n del 10% mensual, pagaderos en moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am rica. 
 La renta mensual para cada a o de Arrendamiento del T rmino de Pr rroga aqu  extendido,  ser  igual a la renta mensual del A o de Arrendamiento inmediato anterior, m s uncantidad que es igual al producto de :  
 a) La renta mensual pagada por el ARRENDATARIO durante el a o de arrendamiento inmediato anterior, multiplicada por: 
 b) El incremento porcentual en el  ndice (seg n qued  definido) durante el a o de arrendamiento inmediato anterior. 
 En ning n caso la renta mensual para cualquier a o de arrendamiento del T rmino de Pr rroga aqu  acordada ser  reducida  en una cantidad menor a la renta mensual del a o de arrendamiento inmediato anterior. 

SECOND: RENT   
 On and after December 1st. 2012 LESSEE shall pay to LESSOR as rent for the Leased Property the amount of US $0.405 Dollars (zero point four hundred and five Dollars, legal currency of the United States of America) per square foot monthly, which shall total the amount of US$ 19,922.89 Dollars (Nineteen thousand nine hundred and twenty two dollars 89/100, Legal currency of the United States of America), plus eleven percent (11%) of Value Added Tax (IVA by its Spanish acronym) or the corresponding Value Added Tax at the moment of payment, payable in advance to LESSOR at the address of LESSOR, during the first five days of each month.   
 Such fee shall be adjusted annually to reflect the Los Angeles   Riverside   Orange County Consumer Price Index, with a maximum cap of three point five percent (3.5%) as agreed in the Lease Agreement. 
 If such rent is not paid within the five (5) days after the first day of any given month, it shall be considered delinquent and late penalty fees will be applied at the monthly rate of 10% per month, payable in United States Currency. 
 The monthly rent for each Lease Year for this extended term shall be equal to the monthly rent for the immediately preceding Lease Year, plus an amount which is equal to the product of: 
 a) The monthly rent paid by LESSEE during the immediately preceding Lease Year, multiplied by: 
 b) The percentage increase in the Index (as hereinabove defined) during the immediately preceding Lease Year.  
 In no event shall the monthly rent for any Lease Year of this Extended Term be decreased below the monthly rent of the previous year. 

TERCERA: CUOTA DE MANTENIMIENTO  
 A partir del 1ero. de Diciembre del 2012 el ARRENDATARIO pagar  al ARRENDADOR por concepto de Cuota de Mantenimiento de la Propiedad Arrendada la cantidad de US$ 0.02 D lares (cero punto cero dos D lares, moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) por pie cuadrado mensuales, lo que sumar  un total de  US$  983.85D lares (novecientos treinta y ocho D lares 85/100, moneda de curso legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica), m s el once por ciento (11%) de Impuesto al Valor Agregado (o lo que resulte aplicable al momento de pago), los cuales deber n ser pagados por adelantado al ARRENDADOR en el domicilio de este  ltimo, durante los primeros cinco d as de cada mes. 
 Dicha cuota ser  ajustada anualmente para reflejar el  ndice de Precios al Consumidor para el  rea de Los Angeles-Riverside-Orange County, con un m ximo topado del tres punto cinco por ciento (3.5%), como se acord  en el Contrato de Arrendamiento.   
 Si dicha cuota no se pagare dentro de los cinco (5) d as de cualquiera de los meses, se considerara en mora y se cargara un inter s moratorio a raz n del 10% mensual, pagaderos en moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am rica. 
 CUARTA : El  GARANTE  en este acto, reconoce y declara que su Garant a anexa y descrita en el Anexo H  del Contrato de Arrendamiento, se mantiene vigente y efectiva, y es aplicable y extensiva al Contrato de Arrendamiento como se modific , por este Primer Convenio Modificatorio.  
 QUINTA : Todos los otros t rminos y condiciones del Contrato de Arrendamiento, incluyendo los t rminos de Renta, garant a y todas las dem s estipulaciones contenidas ah , se mantendr n y continuar n vigentes y v lidos como se describen en dicho Contrato de Arrendamiento, incluyendo el Convenio Modificatorio aqu  contenido. De conformidad con lo anterior, las partes aqu  acuerdan que este Primer Convenio Modificatorio deber  modificar  nicamente las provisiones aqu  descritas; todas las dem s provisiones deber n mantenerse vigentes y sin cambios, por lo que en este instrumento no existe novaci n.     El Contrato de Arrendamiento previamente ejecutado por las partes el 08 de Octubre de 2007 deber  regular cualquier cuesti n relativa al Arrendamiento, que no se encuentren espec ficamente se aladas en el presente, incluyendo la Propiedad Arrendada originales arriba descritas.  

THIRD: MAINTENANCE FEE  
 On and after December 1st 2012 LESSEE shall pay to LESSOR as a Maintenance Fee for the Leased Property the amount of US $0.02 Dollars (zero point zero two Dollars, legal currency of the United States of America) per square foot monthly, which shall total the amount of US $983.85  (Nine hundred and eighty three Dollars 85/100, Legal currency of the United States of America), plus eleven percent (11%) of Value Added Tax (IVA by its Spanish acronym) or the corresponding Value Added Tax at the moment of payment, payable in advance to LESSOR at the address of LESSOR, during the first five days of each month.   
 Such fee shall be adjusted annually to reflect the Los Angeles   Riverside   Orange County Consumer Price Index, with a maximum cap of three point five percent (3.5%)  as agreed in the Lease Agreement. 
 If such fee is not paid within the five (5) days after the first day of any given month, it shall be considered delinquent and late penalty fees will be applied at the monthly rate of 10% per month, payable in United States Currency. 
 FOURTH :  GUARANTOR  hereby acknowledges and declares that its Guaranty attached and described in Exhibit H of the Lease Agreement, remains in full force and effect and applies and extends to the Lease Agreement as amended by this First Amendment Agreement.  
 FIFTH : All other terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement, including but not limited to the Rent terms, guaranty and all stipulations contained therein will remain and continue in full force and effect as contained in such Lease Agreement, including the amendment contained hereunder.  In accordance with the foregoing, the parties hereby agree that this First Amendment Agreement shall modify only the provisions herein described; all other provisions shall remain valid and unchanged, and as a consequence, this document shall not be deemed to cause a novation. The Lease Agreement previously executed by the parties on October 8th, 2007 shall govern any matter related to the Lease, which is not specifically addressed herein, including the original Leased Property described above.  

SEXTA  :Este documento se refiere al Contrato de Arrendamiento y a su Primer Convenio Modificatorio, y forma parte de los mismos como un solo documento; conteniendo estos las condiciones y promesas realizados entre las partes, y no deber n ser modificados verbalmente o de ninguna otra manera m s que en un contrato por escrito firmado por los representantes autorizados de las partes.    
 S PTIMA : Las partes aqu  acuerdan que todo lo relativo a la interpretaci n y cumplimiento de este Contrato y del Contrato de Arrendamiento, se someten expresamente a la ley y a la jurisdicci n de los Juzgados Civiles de la Ciudad de Mexicali, Baja California, renunciando expresamente cualquier otra jurisdicci n que pudiera ser aplicable por raz n del domicilio presente o futuro o cualquier otro.  
 EN PRESENCIA DE LOS TESTIGOS, este documento es firmado por duplicado en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, en este d a  

EL ARRENDADOR: 
 INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS 
 MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V. 

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios 
 Representante Legal 
 EL ARRENDATARIO: 
 ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V 

Sr. Hugo Rubio Jr .  
 Representante Legal    
 El Garante tiene conocimiento y acepta los t rminos fijados en este Primer Convenio Modificatorio tal como se describe en la Cl usula Quinta  

SIXTH : This document refers to the Lease Agreement and its First Amendment Agreement, and forms a part of such agreements as one whole document; they contain the conditions and promises made between the parties, and may not be modified orally or in any manner other than by a written agreement signed by the authorized representatives of the parties. 
 SEVENTH : The parties hereunder agree that the interpretation and compliance of this Agreement and the Lease Agreement shall be governed by the law of, and submitted to the jurisdiction of, the Civil Courts of the City of Mexicali, State of Baja California, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction which might be applicable by reason of the present or future domicile or for any other reason.  
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF  this document is signed in duplicate in this City of Tijuana, Baja California, on this   

LESSOR: 
 INDUSTRIAS ASOCIADAS 
 MAQUILADORAS, S.A. DE C.V. 

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios 
 Legal Representative 
 LESSEE: 
 ESTERLINE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V 

Sr. Hugo Rubio Jr. 
 Legal Representative 
 Guarantor acknowledges and accepts the terms set forth in this First Amendment Agreement as described in the Fifth Clause. 

GARANTE:  
 Esterline Technologies Corporation 

Albert Scott Yost 
 Vice-Presidente de Grupo  

Fecha:  

T E S T I G O S: 

Sr. Carlos Uribe  
 IAMSA 

Sr. Alberto Osuna 
 Esterline Advanced Sensors Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. 

GUARANTOR: 
 Esterline Technologies Corporation 

Albert Scott Yost 
 Group Vice President 

Date:  

W I T N E S S E S: 

Mr. Carlos Uribe 
 IAMSA 

Mr. Alberto Osuna 
 Esterline Advanced Sensors Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. 

</EX-10.59>

<EX-10.60>
 10
 esl-ex1060_1190.htm
 EX-10.60

esl-ex1060_1190.htm

Exhibit 10.60 
 LEASE AGREEMENT entered into by and between, PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL TIJUANA, S. A DE C. V., hereinafter referred to as PITSA, represented by Mr. Jaime Roberts Vildosola, and LEACH INTERNATIONAL DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V., hereinafter referred to as COMPANY, represented by Mr. Dennis Sheredy, pursuant to the following   RECITALS and CLAUSES. 
 RECITALS 
 I. The legal representative of PITSA hereby declares that:  
 A. PITSA is a Company organized and existing under Mexican General Corporation Law, as per Public Instrument No. 16,150, Volume  270, executed before Attorney Carlos C. Enriquez de Rivera B., Notary Public No. 09 of Mexicali B.C., having as its corporate object the development and operation of an Industrial Park in the City of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, known as  Parque Industrial BajaMaq El Aguila . 
 B. Mr. Jaime Roberts Vildosola verifies his capacity as Legal Representative of PITSA as per public instrument described above and that such power has not been revoked.  
 C. PITSA s registration number at the Federal Registry of Tax Payers is PIT-980722-469.  
 D. The address at which it has  its principal place of business is Km. 10 on Highway to San Luis, Rio Colorado, Sonora, Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico. 
 E. PITSA established within a tract of land located in Parque Industrial Bajamaq El Aguila a modular Industrial Building, with a constructed area of approximately 91,590.08 square feet, hereinafter referred to as   PITSA Industrial Building .,  
 F. His principal owns and can dispose freely of modules C, D, E and F at PITSA Industrial Building located in Parque Industrial Bajamaq El Aguila in the City of Tijuana, Baja California.  
 G. PITSA wishes to enter into a lease agreement with COMPANY regarding a portion of the PITSA Industrial Building, described in paragraph E above, with an area of 61,060.08 square feet, identified as modules C, D, E and F located on Ave. de Aguila Azteca 19190 Parque Industrial BajaMaq El Aguila. Such modules includes warehouse, full conditioned office space and parking area for  51 vehicles, and is described in the specifications and drawings attached as Exhibit  A  (referred hereinafter as  Leased Property ). 
 H. It is the intention of PITSA to grant COMPANY the right of first refusal regarding an additional constructed area of 30,530 square feet, identified as modules A and B, adjoining the modules described in paragraph G above subject matter of this Agreement, for future expansion by COMPANY, under the terms and conditions as may be agreed upon at the time such right is exercised.  
 I. PITSA has applied for and obtained financial loans through Mexican and Foreign Banking Institutions, with which funds, the building and improvements located within the Industrial Park are being constructed.  
 II The legal representative of COMPANY declares that:  
 A. His principal is a Company organized and existing under the Mexican General Corporation Law, as is evident in Public Instrument Number 85.245 Volume 1,593 executed on May 12, 2000, before Mr. Xavier Iba ez H. Notary Public Number 3 of the City of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico.  
 B. Mr. Dennis Sheredy verifies his capacity as Legal Representative of COMPANY as per public instrument described above and that such power has not been revoked.  
   
 1 

C.  COMPANY s registration number at the Federal Registry of Taxpayers is LIM-000612-IW6  
 D. The address at which his principal has its principal place of business is precisely the Leased Property subject matter of this Agreement.  
 E. COMPANY wishes to enter into a lease agreement with COMPANY regarding Leased Property as described in recital I. F. above and Exhibit  A .  
 C L A U S E S: 
 I.-     SCOPE OF LEASE AGREEMENT  
 A.   On the express terms and conditions set forth hereinafter, the scope of this Lease Agreement is as follows: PITSA hereby leases to COMPANY, and COMPANY hereby leases from PITSA the Leased Property as described in   Exhibit  A    , referred to in recital I. F above, which is attached hereto and made a part hereof. PITSA agrees to perform the Improvements described in Exhibit  C  attached hereto duly signed by the parties. It is expressly understood that COMPANY enters this agreement with the intention of using the property for   Light Industrial Assemblies.  
 B. PITSA hereby grants COMPANY the right of first refusal regarding the module or constructed space adjoining the Leased Property, with an area of 30,530 square feet for future expansion this area is identified as   Intermas  in the attached   Exhibit B  (referred hereinafter as   Expansion Area  ). 
 If Expansion Area becomes available, PITSA will provide written notice of this situation to COMPANY. COMPANY will have fifteen (15) calendar days, upon reception of notice from PITSA, to exercise the right of first refusal indicated in the previous paragraph. In the event that COMPANY does not reply within such period or elects not to exercise the option, then PITSA may lease the Expansion Area to a third party. Thereafter PITSA will be released of any future obligation regarding the right of first refusal. 
 C. PITSA shall deliver possession of Leased Property upon the execution of this Lease Agreement.  
 II. CONSTRUCTION BY PITSA  
 A. PITSA shall perform all improvements to Leased Property in accordance with specifications and drawings, which have been approved by PITSA and COMPANY, described in Exhibit  C .  
 B. PITSA shall perform all work with respect to the improvements in accordance with all laws, ordinances, regulations, and orders of governmental authorities, and PITSA Industrial Park Regulations which are attached hereto as   Exhibit  D .  
 C. PITSA will proceed diligently with construction and completion of the improvements   (see Exhibit   C ), so as to allow the use of previously designated areas for the purposes contemplated and in accordance with the Specifications. PITSA agrees to complete said Improvements in four weeks upon the execution of this Lease Agreement. 
 D. COMPANY shall have the right to modify the Specifications and drawings described in Exhibit  C  during the course of construction provided that such changes do not unreasonably delay completion of such Improvements and provided that COMPANY reimburses PITSA upon demand for any additional costs incurred by PITSA by reason of changes required by COMPANY. COMPANY hereby waives the right to object to any delay in completion caused by said changes in the Specifications not due to the default of PITSA. Any such change shall be specified in writing and shall be signed by the construction representative of COMPANY; designation of such representative shall be notified in writing to PITSA in accordance with Section F of this Clause II.  
   
 2 

E.  The Leased Property shall be considered ready for occupancy when the Improvements have been completed, as to allow the use of said areas for those purposes previously contemplated and in accordance with the Specifications. The person in charge of Improvements shall prepare, certify by his signature, and deliver, in duplicate to COMPANY and PITSA, a written statement certifying:  
 a) That the improvements have been substantially completed in accordance with the specifications, any properly authorized changes or amendments thereof, and  
 b) The date of such completion.  
 PITSA shall diligently complete or repair, as soon as possible, any items or corrections not completed when the Leased Property is ready for occupancy. 
 F. In the event of additional construction and if due to the nature of the same it becomes necessary, each party hereto shall immediately designate an individual as its construction representative. Each party agrees to be bound by and authorizes the other to rely, in connection with the original construction, upon the approvals given and any other action on the party s behalf taken by its construction representative, or any person subsequently designated in writing and given notice to the other party.  
 G. Upon prior written consent of PITSA, COMPANY may, at any time prior to the Commencement Date, at its sole risk, enter upon and install such trade fixtures, machinery and equipment   into operation by COMPANY s employees  or other contractors and that such action shall not relieve PITSA of its responsibilities in completing the improvements under the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 H. PITSA hereby acknowledges that any and all construction improvements to be completed by PITSA hereunder, either during the pre-lease term of afterwards, either with PITSA s employees or by third parties contracted by PITSA, will be the sole responsibility of PITSA and therefore guarantees and warrants to COMPANY that such employees and third parties will be in full compliance with all pertinent construction and Social Security, tax, labor and other applicable Mexican laws and regulations.  
 I. If PITSA fails to deliver the Improvements at the date indicated in Section II-C above, PITSA agrees to pay as liquidated damages an amount equivalent to one day of rent of Leased Property per each day of delay until the Improvements are completed.  
 III. INSTALLATIONS BY COMPANY  
 A.-  COMPANY may, at its expense, install on the Leased Property, such trade fixtures, equipment and furniture or improvements in the warehouse, as it may deem necessary; provided that such items are installed and are removed without damage to the structural integrity of the Leased Property and Improvements. Said trade fixtures, equipment and furniture shall remain COMPANY s property and unless COMPANY is in default hereunder, shall be removed by COMPANY upon expiration of the term hereof, or earlier termination of this Lease. COMPANY may also install temporary improvements in the interior of the Leased Property, provided that such improvements are installed and removed without damage to the structure of the Improvements. COMPANY shall repair, at its sole expense, all damage caused by the installation or removal of such trade fixtures, equipment, furniture or temporary improvements.  
 B.   COMPANY shall perform all installations in accordance with all laws, ordinances, regulations, orders of government authorities, and the PITSA Industrial Building s Regulations, which are attached hereto as   Exhibit  D  . 
 IV. LEASE TERM AND COMMENCEMENT DATE.  
 A. Lease Agreement. This Lease Agreement shall be effective from Commencement Date, which for the purposes of this Lease Agreement is set as June 1  st  , 2000, PITSA will proceed diligently to execute the Improvements not ready at the Commencement Date. 
   
 3 

B.  Term.   Seven year lease term  . The term of this Lease shall be for seven years, commencing upon Commencement Date and shall end on the last day of the of the 7   th    leased year of the term, as said term is hereafter defined.  
 C. Lease Year, The term   Lease Year  as used herein, shall mean a period of twelve (12) consecutive full calendar months. The first Lease Year shall begin on the Commencement Date.  
 V, RENT.  
 A.   Lease.- As fixed rent for the Lease of the Leased Property during the Lease Term hereof, COMPANY shall pay to PITSA the amount of US$0.36 (thirty six cents currency of the United States of America), plus Value Added Tax (IVA), per square foot per month, payable precisely in such currency or in Mexican Currency at the rate of exchange prevailing at the time of payment for the sale of dollars at Banco International, S. A. (BITAL), Las Californias Branch. Such amount shall be payable in advance on the first day of each month, at the address of PITSA, or be deposited in   account # 7000414706 of Bank BITAL, Las Californias Branch, under Promotora Industrial de Tijuana, S. A. DE C. V.   Said rent shall be adjusted annually to reflect the exact increase of the   Los Angeles-Anaheim-Riverside Consumer Price Index on each anniversary of the lease term . The rent adjustment will not be less than 2% and will not exceed 4.5% per year.  
 The payment of rent shall start upon Commencement Date, June 1 st  2000, as defined in Section IV-A above. 
 B. Maintenance fee. COMPANY shall pay a monthly maintenance fee of US$0.0138 per square foot of Leased Property, plus the Value Added Tax (IVA), which covers the costs of landscaping, public lighting, street up-keep, common area litter removal and external building maintenance. The maintenance fee is payable jointly with the monthly rent. Such fee shall be adjusted annually to reflect the increase of the Los Angeles- Anaheim-Riverside Consumer Price Index on each anniversary of the lease term.   The maintenance fee adjustment will not be less than 2% and will not exceed 4.5% per year.  
 If such rent and maintenance fee are not paid within the first (5) days of any given month, it shall become delinquent and a late payment penalty will be applied of 5% of the monthly rent. 
 C. COMPANY hereby agrees to provide maintenance for specific equipment property of PITSA such as A/C units, compressors, electrical transformers. For such purpose, COMPANY will keep a log book indicating all of the maintenance provided to such equipment.  
 D. Notwithstanding the above statements, COMPANY will pay the rent provided for above, at the address of PITSA as set forth in this Agreement, or at the address of the banking financial institution or to any assignee of PITSA, as PITSA may direct, under the terms of Clause XIII of this Lease Agreement.  
 E. Liquidated Damages. Termination by PITSA of this Lease Agreement due to a default of COMPANY, prior to or during the first six (6) months of the Lease Term, or termination by COMPANY without cause, entitles PITSA to automatically apply as liquidated damages all sums paid or deposited by COMPANY, as prepaid rent or as a security deposit, in addition to any other rights of PITSA provided for herein.  
 F. Setoff. The payment of any rent due under this Lease, shall not be withheld or reduced for any reason whatsoever, and COMPANY agrees to assert any claim, demand, or other right against PITS A only by way of an independent proceeding.  
  G.   PITSA hereby acknowledges having received from COMPANY the amount of $ 25.106.69 US Currency. VAT (IVA) included, to be applied to the first month of rent upon Commencement Date for which PITSA shall deliver the corresponding receipt. PITSA also acknowledges having received from CQMPANY the amount of $ 65.944.89 US Currency, as deposit to guarantee compliance of the obligations assumed hereunder. It is understood that such deposit will not be considered as advanced payment of rents but shall be used only to remedy any non-compliance by COMPANY.  
   
 4 

VI.  USE.  
 The leased Property shall be used and occupied for Light Industrial Assemblies or any Lawful industrial purpose not in violation of the PITSA Industrial Park Regulations attached hereto as Exhibit   D  . COMPANY shall promptly and adequately comply with all laws, ordinances and orders of all governmental authorities affecting the Leased Property or that may be a menace to other occupants of the Industrial Park. 
 VII. INSURANCE.  
 A.  Fire and Other insurance.- Effective as of the date of commencement of the Lease, COMPANY will obtain insurance covering the building, its improvements, contents and third parties damages, in an amount sufficient to provide for their replacement, particularly in consideration of the risk products to be processed or kept in the Leased Property; all insurance policies will name PITSA as the beneficiary, If such policies are not obtained on or before the commencement date, PITSA will contract an insurance policy equivalent to cover such contingencies and COMPANY will be responsible to reimburse PITSA the amount for the correspondent premiums immediately upon demand. 
 B. Form and Delivery of Policies. Each insurance policy referred to in the preceding paragraphs shall be in a form approved by the Department of Finance and Public Credit ( Secretaria de Hacienda y Cr dito Publico  ) and written with one or more companies licensed to do insurance in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, and shall provide that it shall not be subject to cancellation or change, except after at least 30 days prior written notice to PITSA. Prior to the Commencement Date of the Lease Term, each of the parties shall procure and maintain such Insurance deemed necessary to cover its liabilities and property. COMPANY shall deliver to PITSA the corresponding policies within thirty (30) days following the date of signature of this Agreement.  
 C. Guaranty.- COMPANY shall assure that a Guarantee under the form of   Exhibit  E   attached hereto is given by  Leach International Corporation,  to insure the adherence by COMPANY of all of the conditions, covenants, obligations, liabilities and agreements set forth in this Lease Agreement. With such guaranty, guarantor shall deliver a copy of the most recent audited financial statements. 

VIII.   
 
 TAXES AND ASSESSMENTS.    

 With the exception of the income tax and fixed asset tax imposed on PITSA, which shall be borne by PITSA, COMPANY shall pay property tax and all taxes and assessments of every kind, which are or may be at any time during the Leased Term levied against the Leased Property, the Lease Agreement, or COMPANY due to the nature of its activities. All such taxes and assessments shall be paid by the COMPANY, and receipt showing the payment of such taxes and assessments delivered to PITSA before such taxes and assessments become delinquent. 
 COMPANY also agrees to pay all taxes and assessments of every kind levied upon any and all personal property of COMPANY, its successors and assigns, whether same shall be or may become a lien upon the Leased Property. All such taxes and assessments shall be paid by COMPANY before the same become delinquent. 
 IX. REPAIRS, ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS.   
 A. PITSA  
 1. After receipt of written notice from COMPANY, PITSA, at its expense shall, with minimum interference of COMPANY s normal use of the Leased Property, diligently proceed to repair any structural defects in the roof or exterior bearing walls, as constructed by PITSA, excepting normal wear and tear. PITSA shall not be liable for any damages, and shall not be obligated to make any repairs due to damages caused by any negligent act or omissions of COMPANY, its employees, agents, invitees or contractors. PITSA shall have no other obligation to maintain or repair any other portion of the Leased Property, except for the repair of those improvements constructed by PITSA for COMPANY for a period of one year after its completion, PITSA shall not be liable to COMPANY for any damage resulting from PITSA s failure to make repairs, unless COMPANY has notified PITSA of the need for such repairs, and PITSA has failed to commence such repairs within seven (7) days after said written notice has been given and has failed to complete the same in a diligent manner in the case of more urgent matters.  
   
 5 

2.  If PITSA fails to make the repairs described in Clause IX,  A , COMPANY may, but shall not be required to, make or cause such repairs and PITSA shall, on demand, immediately pay to COMPANY the reasonable cost of the repairs.  
 B. COMPANY  
 1. COMPANY, at its expense, except for those obligations of PITSA stated in paragraph  A , 1, of this Clause, shall keep and maintain in good order and repair, except for normal wear and tear, all of the Leased Property, including improvements, and further including but not limited to, all plumbing, sewage and other utility facilities that are within the Leased Property, as well as fixtures, partitions, walls (interior and exterior, including painting as often as necessary), floors, ceilings, signs, air conditioning, electric installations, heating, and similar equipment, doors, windows, plate glass and all other repairs to the Leased Property. COMPANY at its expense, shall repair all leaks except those caused by structural defects in the roof and exterior walls. The plumbing facilities shall not be used for any other purpose than that for which they were constructed. The expense of any breakage, stoppage or damage resulting from a violation of this provision, shall be borne by COMPANY. COMPANY shall store all trash only temporarily within Leased Property, and shall arrange for the regular pick-up of trash at COMPANY s expense. COMPANY shall not burn any trash of any kind in or about the Leased Property or the Industrial Park or near it.  
 2.  COMPANY shall require PITSA s written consent to make any alterations, improvements or additions to the exterior walls and roof of the Leased Property with a cost exceeding US$5,000.00 (FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS 00/100 CURRENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA). COMPANY shall not damage any floors, walls, ceilings, partitions, or any wood, stone or ironwork on or about the Leased Property in connection with the construction of any such alterations or improvements. 
 3.   COMPANY shall keep the Leased Property free and clear of all encumbrances and liens arising out of acts or omissions of COMPANY, including those arising out of acts or construction done or ordered by COMPANY. However, if by reason of any work performed, materials furnished or obligations incurred by COMPANY with any third party, or any other act or omission by COMPANY, PITSA is made liable or involved in litigation, COMPANY shall hold harmless and indemnify PITSA including any costs and expenses, and attorney s fee incurred by reason thereof. Should COMPANY fail fully to discharge any such encumbrances or liens within thirty (30) days after the date the same appears of record or fail to provide a bond acceptable to PITSA in case of litigation, PITSA at its option, may pay all or any part thereof. If PITSA pays any such lien or encumbrances or any part thereof, COMPANY shall, on demand, immediately pay PITSA the amount so paid, together with interest at the rate of 20 percent (20%) per annum from the date of payment. No lien or encumbrance any character whatsoever created by and act or omission by COMPANY shall in any way attach or affect the rights of PITSA over the Leased Property.  
 X. UTILITY SERVICES  
 During the term of this Lease Agreement, COMPANY shall promptly pay for any and all public and other utilities services furnished to the Leased Property, including but not limited to, water, gas, electricity, telephone and trash pick up charges. PITSA will assist COMPANY in obtaining all such utility services if such becomes necessary. 
 All contracts necessary for the installation of any services to the Leased Property, such as water, drainage and telephone hook-up fees if any, as well as any KVA installation charge by the Mexican Federal Electric Commission and its electricity hook-up fees usage charge will be covered in full by COMPANY. There are 200 KVA s free of charge given by CFE; any further need of KVA s will be supplied and charge additionally by CFE to COMPANY.  PITSA warrants that there will be at least 700 KVA s available on building, which will be supplied by CFE.  
 There is a private security company at the gate of PITSA Industrial Park. The service will be paid in a prorate manner by tenants according to the square footage leased by tenants. COMPANY as principal tenant may control the choices regarding security of the premises. 
   
 6 

XI.  RIGHT-OF-WAY.  
 PITSA is hereby granted a right-of-way upon, across, and under the Leased Property for ingress, egress, installations, replacing, repairing and maintaining all utilities, including but not limited to water, gas, telephone, all electricity and any television or radio antenna system serving the Leased Property. By virtue of this right-of-way it shall be expressly permissible for the electrical and/or telephone companies to erect and maintain the necessary poles and other necessary equipment on the Leased Property; provided, that in exercising any right PITSA may have under Clause XI, PITSA agrees to cause only a minimum interference with COMPANY s use and possession by COMPANY of the Leased Property. Unless the performance of any installation or repairs are absolutely necessary for the safety of tenants, any fixtures, cables, wires and/or other equipment that would require to be installed within the industrial building of Leased Property should be previously authorized in writing by COMPANY, such authorization will not be unreasonably withheld. Damages or losses due to lack of authorization or delay in the issuance of such authorization will be COMPANY s responsibility. 
 XII. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING.  
 A. COMPANY shall have the right, upon prior written authorization from PITSA, to assign or transfer or sublease this Lease Agreement or any interest therein or to permit the use of the Leased Property to any person or company, provided, however, that COMPANY, in the event of any such authorization to assign, transfer or sublease, COMPANY shall remain liable for all its obligations under this Lease Agreement.  
 B. PITSA shall have the right to assign and reassign, from time to time, any or all of the rights and obligations of PITSA in this Lease Agreement or any interest therein, without COMPANY s consent, provided that no such assignment or reassignment shall impair any of the rights of COMPANY herein, and provided further, that PITSA shall remain liable for all of its obligations under this Lease Agreement, asserting directly against such assignee any defense, setoff, or counterclaims which COMPANY may have against PITSA or any other person. However, COMPANY hereby specifically waives, with respect to withholding of rent, any preventive measures to guarantee payment of a claim, as provided by the Code of Civil Procedures.  
 XIII.  SUBORDINATION. 
 During the term of this Lease Agreement, PITSA shall have the right to encumber its interest in the Leased Property or in this Lease Agreement for any purpose it deems convenient and COMPANY shall and hereby does subordinate its interest in this Lease Agreement and in the Leased Property to such encumbrances. However, in the event such encumbrances are foreclosed upon or judicially enforced, the one who holds the encumbrance shall agree to respect this Lease Agreement and accept the performance by COMPANY of its obligation hereunder. COMPANY shall execute any agreement which may be required by PITSA in confirmation with such subordination and submit whatever public finance data may normally be requested by any trust insurance company, bank or other recognized lending institution. 
 Once PITSA shall have notified COMPANY in writing that the former has assigned its interest in this Lease Agreement to any lending institution as security for a debt or other obligation of PITSA, PITSA shall not have the power to amend this Lease Agreement so as to reduce the rent, decrease the term or modify or negate any substantial obligation of COMPANY in the terms hereof, or agree to rescind this Lease Agreement without the written consent of such lending institution. Such obligation shall continue until the lending institution has notified COMPANY in writing that such assignment has been terminated, on the understanding that if PITSA fails to obtain such lending institution s approval to carry out the foregoing, the amendment of the terms above mentioned shall have no effect whatsoever as against such lending institution. In addition, if the lending institution shall notify COMPANY in writing requiring the payment of rents hereunder directly to such lending institution or its representative, then COMPANY shall be obligated to pay such lending institution or its representative each subsequent rental coming due under this Lease Agreement (together with any unpaid rent then past due), until the date on which such lending institution notifies COMPANY authorizing payment of rent to PITSA or other party entitled thereto. COMPANY understands and agrees that except for the advanced security deposit provided for in the Miscellaneous Section hereunder, at the request of PITSA, shall provide a statement that no advanced payment has been made; such document shall be binding upon COMPANY as against the lending institution to which this Lease Agreement may be assigned. In addition, the lending institution shall not be bound to recognize those payments made to PITSA after the COMPANY has received notice requiring payments to be made to such lending institutions. 
   
 7 

XIV.  ACCESS TO LHASED PROPERTY.  
 Without undue interference to COMPANY s operation, PITSA or its authorized representatives shall have the right to enter the Leased Property during COMPANY s business hours to and in emergencies at all times inspect the Leased Property and to make repairs, additions or alterations to the Leased Property, For a period commencing ninety (90) days prior to the termination of this Lease Agreement, PITSA shall have access to the Leased Property for the purpose of exhibiting it to prospective tenants and may post usual  For Sale  or  For Lease  signs upon the Leased Property and COMPANY shall have the right to accompany any representatives of PITSA and prospective tenants. PITSA and COMPANY will agree as to the schedule of the visits for the exhibition of Leased Property. COMPANY at is own risk, retains the right to authorize PITSA to enter the premises in case of emergencies. 
 XV. DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION.  
 A. Total.- In the event that the whole or a substantial part of the Leased Property is damaged or destroyed by tire 3  act of nature, or any other cause, so as to make COMPANY unable to continue the operation of its business, PITSA and COMPANY shall, within ten (10) days from such destruction, determine whether the Leased Property can be restored within the following four (4) months. If PITSA and COMPANY determine that the Leased Property cannot be restored within four (4) months, either PITSA or COMPANY shall have the right and option to immediately terminate this Lease Agreement, by advising the other thereof by written notice. If PITSA and COMPANY determine that the Leased Property can be restored within said four (4) months, PITSA shall proceed diligently to reconstruct the Leased Property, without obligation to COMPANY for payment of rents during such reconstruction period and until such time that the Leased Property is delivered to COMPANY. 
 B.  Partial.- in the event the said damages were caused to only a portion of the Leased Property and that said destruction does not prevent COMPANY from continuing the normal operation of its business on the Leased Property, PITSA and COMPANY shall repair said damage, each party reconstructing that portion of the Improvements for which it was responsible in the original construction, providing that during the period corresponding for the repair and restoration of PITSA s Improvements, the rent payable hereunder by COMPANY shall be equitably prorated to the interference with COMPANY s use and possession of the Leased Property caused by such damage and repairs.  
 XVI. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  
 Except for intentional or negligent acts or omissions of PITSA, its agents or employees, PITSA shall not be liable to COMPANY or to any other person whatsoever for any loss or damage of any kind or nature caused by the intentional or negligent acts or omissions of COMPANY or other occupants of the PITSA Industrial Park or of adjacent property, or the public, and other causes beyond the control of PITSA, including but not limited to any, failure to furnish or any interruption of any utility or other services in or about the Leased Property, COMPANY recognizes that additions, replacements and repairs to the PITSA Industrial Park will be made from time to time, provided that the same shall not substantially interfere with COMPANY s use and enjoyment of the Leased Property. 
 XVII. INDEMNIFICATION.  
 COMPANY agrees to indemnify and hold PITSA harmless from any death or injury to third persons or damage to the property of third parties, arising from any negligent acts or omissions of COMPANY, or its contractors, licensees, agents, invitees or employees, occurring in or about the Leased Property, or the areas adjoining the Leased Property, and against all costs and expenses, including attorney s fees, incurred thereby. 
 PITSA indemnifies and hold COMPANY harmless from death or any injury or damage to the property of COMPANY or its agents or employees, and from any and all liability for death or injury to third persons or damage to the property by third persons while lawfully upon the Leased Property, occurring by reason of any negligent acts or omissions of PITSA, its agents or employees, and from and against all costs, and expenses, including attorney s fees, incurred thereby. 
   
 8 

XVIII.  NOTICES.  
 All notices under this Lease Agreement shall be forwarded to the addresses of the parties mentioned in the Recitals above or such other address as may from time to time be furnished by the parties hereto. Said notices shall be in writing and shall be deemed given seven (7) days after the date sent by mail, or personal delivery if possible acknowledging receipt of the latter. Duplicate notices shall be sent by certified airmail, postage prepaid, to such additional addresses as may from time to time be requested in writing by the parties hereto. 
 XIX. COMPANY s DEFAULT.  
 A. Each of the following shall be a default of COMPANY:  
 1. Vacating or abandonment of the Leased Property.- PITSA shall consider the building abandoned when COMPANY closes its operation, terminates all employees and stops making payment of rent for one or more months. Under such circumstances PITSA may proceed to take over the building after notifying COMPANY under the terms hereunder provided, and no answer is received for a period of fifteen (15) days following such notice. For such purpose, PITSA is hereby expressly authorized by COMPANY to request the competent Court under a voluntary jurisdiction procedure to be given possession of the building using any legal means provided by Law, and expressly waiving COMPANY the right to be served notice due to prior notice of abandonment This procedure shall be observed independently of any other remedies of PITSA as provided hereunder. Consequently COMPANY hereby expressly consents and submits to such action, waiving expressly any action to file any claim against PITSA and/or its representatives for any such taking over, or claim damages or losses of any nature.  
 2.  Failure to pay any installment of rent due and payable hereunder upon the date when said payment is due, as provided for in clause  V  , paragraph  A  hereunder, without need of notice of any kind; 
 3.  Default in the performance of any covenant, agreements or obligations hereunder, said default, except for default in the payment of rents, continuing for fifteen (15) days after written notice thereof is given by PITSA to COMPANY (or for any reasonable period necessary for COMPANY to cure said default given by PITSA); 
 4.  A general assignment by COMPANY for the benefit of creditors; 
 5.  The filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy by COMPANY or the filing of an involuntary petition by COMPANY s creditors, said petition remaining undischarged for a period of sixty (60) days; 
 6.  The appointment of a Receiver to take possession of substantially all of COMPANY s assets or of the Lease Property, said receivership remaining undissolved or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days; or 
 7. Failure by COMPANY to comply with any and all applicable laws and regulations of any Environmental Agency of the Government of Mexico, in connection with the use or operation of any equipment by COMPANY that may be considered as contaminating by such Governmental Office, and failure to comply with any and all recommendations so given by said Governmental Office in connection therewith.  
 B. Upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing defaults, PITSA shall have the right, at its option, and in addition to other rights or remedies granted by law, including the right to claim damage, to immediately rescind this Lease Agreement and evict COMPANY from the Leased Property, independently of the right granted under paragraph A-l) of this Clause.  
 XX. RIGHT TO CURE DEFAULTS.  
 In   the event of COMPANY s breach of any term or provision herein, (except payment of rents and maintenance fee) PITSA may, without any obligation to do so, at any time after ten (10) days written notice, cure such breach or default or make repairs to the Leased Property, for the account and at the expense of COMPANY. If PITSA, by reason of such breach or default, pays any money or is compelled to incur any expense including attorney s fees, the sums so paid or incurred with all interest, cost and damages, shall be paid by COMPANY to PITSA on the first day of the month after incurring such expenses. 
   
 9 

If any installment of rent or any other payment is not paid promptly when due, it shall bear interest of five percent (5%) percent per month from the date on which it becomes delinquent until paid in full. This provision is not intended to relieve COMPANY from any defaults in the making of any payment at the time and in the manner herein specified. The foregoing interest, expenses and damages shall be recoverable from COMPANY by exercise of PITSA s right to recover damages under this Clause XX.  
 Nothing in this Clause XX affects the right of PITSA to indemnification by COMPANY in accordance with Clause XVII hereinabove, for liability arising prior to the termination of this Lease for personal injuries or property damage. 
 XXI. WAIVER.  
 In the event PITSA or COMPANY does not compel the other to comply with any of the obligations hereunder, such action or omission shall not be construed as a waiver of a subsequent breach of the same or any other provision. Any consent or approval shall not be deemed to waive or render unnecessary the consent or approval of any subsequent or similar act by COMPANY or PITSA. 
 XXII. CERTIFICATES.  
 Within ten (10) days of receipt of a written request made by PITSA, COMPANY shall deliver to PITSA a statement in writing certifying that this Lease Agreement is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have been modifications, that the same are in full force and effect as modified); the dates to which the rent and any other charges have been paid in advance; and that PITSA s Improvements have been satisfactorily completed, It is intended that any such statement may be relied upon by any person, prospective purchaser or lending institution interested in the Leased Property. 
 XXIII. HOLDING OVER.  
 If COMPANY should remain in possession of the Leased Property, due to COMPANY s omission or negligence, after the expiration of this agreement, COMPANY shall pay PITSA a conventional monthly penalty equal to one hundred and twenty percent (120%) of the amount of the monthly rent, as of the expiration date of the Lease Agreement until COMPANY has delivered to PITSA possession of the Leased property or executed a new Lease Agreement. This provision shall not be construed as granting any right to COMPANY to remain in possession of the Leased Property after the expiration of the Lease Term. COMPANY shall indemnify PITSA against any loss or liability resulting from the delay by COMPANY in surrendering the Leased Property at the expiration of this Lease Agreement, waving any right granted by law. 
 XXIV. SURRENDER.  
 On the last day of the term of this Lease Agreement, or the sooner termination thereof pursuant to other provisions hereof, COMPANY shall quit and surrender the Leased Property, broom clean, in good condition together with all alterations, additions and improvements that may have been made to the same, except furniture, machinery and equipment owned by COMPANY. Upon the termination of this Lease Agreement, COMPANY, unless it is in default hereunder, shall immediately remove all of its property, and all property not removed shall be deemed abandoned by COMPANY. At all times COMPANY shall immediately repair any and all damage caused to the Leased Property by the removal of COMPANY s property. 
 XXV. QUIET ENJOYMENT.  
 PITSA agrees that COMPANY, upon paying the rent and all other charges provided for herein and upon complying with all of the terms and provisions of the Lease Agreement, shall lawfully and quietly occupy and enjoy the Leased Property during the Lease Term. 
   
 10 

XXVI.  MISCELLANEOUS.  
 A. This document contains all of the agreements and conditions made between the parties, and may not be modified orally or in any matter other than by a written agreement signed by the authorized representatives of the parties.  
 B. If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Lease, or the application thereof to any person or circumstance, shall to any extent be held by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Lease or the application thereof to any person or circumstance, shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.  
 C. In the event that either party should bring an action against the other party for the possession of the Leased Property, or for the recovery of any sum due hereunder, or because of the breach of default of any covenant in this Lease Agreement, the prevailing party shall have the right to collect from the other party its relevant costs and expenses, including attorney s fees.  
 D. Every payment and obligation required by this Lease Agreement, shall be paid and performed on the date specified for such payment or performance and no delay or extension thereof shall be permitted.  
 E. The titles and subtitles to the Clauses of this document shall have no effect on the  interpretation of the terms and provisions contained in this Lease Agreement. 
 F. COMPANY hereby promises to deliver to PITSA on the date of signature of this Lease Agreement an amount equivalent to three months rent, as deposit in guaranty for compliance of the obligations assumed hereunder by COMPANY, It is understood that such deposit will not constitute rents nor will be applied as rent payment, and shall be reimbursed in full to COMPANY by PITSA upon termination of the Lease Agreement, once COMPANY shows satisfactory evidence that all obligations have been complied with. Otherwise PITSA is expressly authorized to use such deposit to cover amounts owed under any title to PITSA hereunder.  
 G. The parties agree that this Lease Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of the State of Baja California. For everything pertaining to the interpretation and compliance of this Lease Agreement, the parties thereby expressly submit to the jurisdiction of the Civil Courts of the City of Tijuana, Baja California, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction which might be applicable by reason of their present or future domiciles or otherwise.  
 H. Whenever the prior consent of either party, written or otherwise, is required as a condition for the execution of any act by the other party, such party agrees not arbitrarily to withhold such consent.  
 I.  Each party shall execute such further documents as shall be requested by the other party, but only to the extent that the effect of said documents is to give legal effect to rights set forth in this Lease Agreement.  
 J. Submission of this instrument for examination or signature by COMPANY does not constitute a reservation of or option to lease, and it is not effective as a Lease Agreement until execution and delivery by both PITSA and COMPANY.  
 K. This Lease and each of its covenants and conditions shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors or assignees, subject to the provisions hereof. Whenever in this Lease a reference is made to PITSA, such reference shall be deemed to refer to the person in whom the interest of the lessor hereunder shall be vested. Any successor or assignee of COMPANY who accepts an assignment of the benefit of this Lease and enters into possession of enjoyment hereunder, shall thereby assume and agree to perform and be bound by the covenants and conditions hereof.  
 L. PITSA hereby agrees with COMPANY that, if so requested by COMPANY, PITSA shall construct any additional improvements in the building as may be required by COMPANY as to manner and location, for which purpose COMPANY shall provide PITSA with any and all plans and specifications pertaining to such improvements. In such event, both parties agree to negotiate in good faith, the cost, timing and completion schedules, ownership of such improvements and other terms and conditions related thereto. PITSA shall have ten (10) working days after receipt of the plans and specifications, to grant its approval or to require modifications. COMPANY shall promptly execute and deliver any required modifications for PITSA s final approval.  
   
 11 

M.  This Agreement and each and all of its stipulations as drafted, are for the sole and exclusive use by PITSA with its lessees. Its contents shall not be disclosed or used for any other purpose or parties whatsoever.  
 N. All Exhibits mentioned hereunder shall be signed by all parties involved, and shall enforceable together with Lease Agreement.  
  O.  Option to Purchase.- COMPANY shall have the option to purchase the Leased Premises at a Fair Market Value, which shall be determined by appraisals performed individually by the parties hereunder. The option to purchase granted in this section will be exercised by means of a notice given to PITSA by COMPANY, at least 120 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Lease Term, as hereunder defined, in the understanding that lack of timely written notice shall release PITSA of such obligation. It is clearly understood that the period of 120 days is established so as to allow COMPANY to exercise such right and formalize the purchase. Any extension thereof or terms and conditions will be negotiated and agreed in writing by the parties.  
 P. This Agreement shall be executed both in the English and Spanish languages. In the event of any inconsistency between such versions, the English version shall prevail.  
   
 12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Lease Agreement in the City of Tijuana, State of Baja California, Mexico, on the 1   st   , day of June of the year two thousand.  

PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL DE TIJUANA, S. A. DE C. V.  

LEACH INTERNATIONAL MEXICO, R A. DE C. V.  

/s/  Jaime Roberts Vildosola   

/s/  Dennis Sheredy   

Jaime Roberts Vildosola  

Dennis Sheredy  

Legal Representative  

Legal Representative  

WITNESSES:  

13 

LEACH  
 Contrator 
 ADDENDUM TO LEASE AGREEMENT entered into by and between, PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL TIJUANA, S. A DE C. V., hereinafter referred to as PITSA, represented by Mr. Jaime Roberts Vildosola, and LEACH INTERNATIONAL DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V., hereinafter referred to as COMPANY, represented by Mr. Dennis Sheredy, pursuant to the following RECITALS and CLAUSES. 
 RECITALS: 
 WHEREAS the parties entered into a Lease Agreement dated June 1 st  , 2000, regarding certain property located at Parque Industrial Bajamaq El Aguila, of the City of Tijuana, Baja California, described as modules C, D, E and F at PITSA Industrial Building, of 61,060.08 square feet.. Such modules include warehouse, full conditioned office space and parking area for 51 vehicles referred as  Leased Property . 
 WHEREAS the Lease Agreement stipulates in Clause V, that COMPANY in addition to the rents, shall pay PITSA a Maintenance fee of US$0.0138 per square foot of Leased Property, plus the Value Added Tax (IVA), to cover the costs of landscaping, public lighting, street up-keep, common area litter removal and external building maintenance. 
 WHEREAS the parties have agreed to amend Clause V, paragraph B, so as to cancel the payment of such Maintenance Fee, allowing COMPANY to assume certain obligations in connection with such maintenance, and releasing PITSA for rendering such maintenance services. 
 Pursuant to the above, and under the terms of Clause XXVI, A), the parties have hereby agreed as follows: 
 CLAUSES: 
 FIRST: PITS A and COMPANY hereby agree to amend the Lease Agreement, regarding   Clause V, paragraph B, according to the terms established herein. 
 SECOND: COMPANY shall exclusively assume the obligations regarding maintenance of   the Leased Premises, described as follows: 

Landscaping     

Public lighting     

Common area litter removal.     

 COMPANY waives any right to claim from PITSA reimbursement for any disbursements   made in connection with the maintenance services described above. 
 The maintenance activities described herein, shall be performed according to the following   time-frame: 

1.   
 
 Landscaping shall be performed by a specialized subcontractor hired by the COMPANY for weekly maintenance to keep up the appearance and health of the green areas.    

2.   
 
 Exterior Light Bulb Fixtures shall be changed every  time  they are expired    

3.   
 
 The Common Area Litter Removal shall be executed when required.    

THIRD: The parties agree to eliminate, upon the execution of this instrument, the obligation of the COMPANY to pay to PITSA a Maintenance fee of US$0.0138 per square foot of Leased Property, plus the Value Added Tax (IVA), described in clause V, Paragraph B of the Lease Agreement.  
 FOURTH: As a consequence of the terms contained in Clause Second above, it is agreed by the parties hereunder, that if for any reason COMPANY fails to perform its duties as listed in Clause Second of this amendment, within the timing stipulated therein, PITSA will notify COMPANY in writing of any such non-compliance so as to allow COMPANY to perform within a period of fifteen days as of the day such notice is given and received by COMPANY. In the event that COMPANY fails to cure any such default, then PITSA will proceed to perform such jobs and will bill directly COMPANY the expenses incurred in connection therewith, and COMPANY will be obligated to reimburse PITSA within a period of ten days following request of payment from PITSA. 
 FIFTH: With respect to the activities of External Building Maintenance and Street Upkeep, it is agreed that the painting of the Building and the asphalt patching of the Parking Lot that form part of the Leased Premises will take place every five years from and after the date of this instrument. 
 When maintenance is due, the parties shall agree on the extent and type of painting of the 
 Building and the patching of the asphalt to be carried out. 
 Each of PITSA and COMPANY shall bear and pay one-half of the cost of painting the Building and patching the asphalt of the Parking Lot agreed upon between the parties, that form part of the Leased Premises. 
 SIXTH: All other obligations assumed by COMPANY stipulated under all other Clauses of the Lease Agreement regarding maintenance of public services as agreed, such as drainage, water services, etc., shall continue to be the responsibility of COMPANY. 
 SEVENTH: It is clearly understood that except for the amendment contained herein, all other clauses of the Lease Agreement shall remain in full force in effect, and may only be amended as stated under the terms of Clause XXVI, A), which requires that all amendments to the Lease Agreement shall be made in writing. 
 EIGHTH: This Amendment to Lease Agreement shall be executed both in the English and Spanish languages. In the event of any inconsistency between such versions, the English version shall prevail. 
 NINTH: The parties agree that this amendment, which is under the terms of the Lease Agreement executed by the parties, shall also be governed by the Laws of the State of Baja California. For everything pertaining to the interpretation and compliance of this Lease Agreement, the parties thereby expressly submit to the jurisdiction of the Civil Courts of the City of Tijuana, Baja California, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction which might be applicable by reason of their present or future domiciles or otherwise. 
 TENTH: The domiciles of the parties hereto, shall be those indicated in the original Lease Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Lease Agreement in the City of Tijuana, State of Baja California, Mexico, on the 17th day of April of the year two thousand one. 

PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL DE TIJUANA, S. A. DE C.V  

LEACH INTERNATIONAL M XICO, S. DE R.L    DE C.V.  

/s/  Jaime Roberts Vildosola   

/s/  Dennis Sheredy   

Jaime Roberts Vildosola   

Dennis Sheredy   

Legal Representative   

Legal Representative   

W I T N E S S E S: 

2 

LEASE AMENDMENT  
 MODIFICATORY AGREEMENT to the Lease Agreement entered into by and between  PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL DE TIJUANA S.A. DE C.V.,  hereinafter referred to as  PITSA , represented by Mr. Jaime Roberts Vild sola, and  LEACH INTERNTIONAL DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.,  hereinafter referred to as  COMPANY , represented by it s legal representative, Mr. Greg Brostek, and which is formalized in accordance with the following recitals and clauses: 
  RECITALS:  
 Both parties declare: 

I.   
 
  That PITSA and COMPANY have entered into a Lease Agreement dated June 1, 2000, whereby PITSA leased a modular building to COMPANY, located in Parque Industrial Bajamaq El Aguila, with a constructed area of approximately 91,590.08 square feet, hereinafter referred to as  PITSA Industrial Building .     

II.   
 
  PITSA and COMPANY wish to enter into this Modificatory Agreement in order to amend the Lease Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth below due to COMPANY wishes to extend the lease term and add a 2,406 square feet mezzanine to the 61,060.08 square feet used at this moment by the COMPANY.     

III.-    
 
  That in the referred agreement on Clause IV, they agreed on the term of the lease for a period of seven (7) years; hereunder the COMPANY wishes to extend that period for ten (10) years, commencing on April 01, 2005 and concluding on March 31, 2015.     

IV.-    
 
  PITSA requires that an additional deposit equivalent to US$14,022.36 (fourteen thousand and twenty two dollars 36/100 currency of the United States of America) plus I.V.A. be delivered over the extension of the lease term in guaranty for compliance of the obligations assumed hereunder by the COMPANY.     

 Now, therefore, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the agreement, covenants and conditions contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
  CLAUSES : 
 FIRST: LEASE TERM.  Under the terms and conditions set forth on the Lease Agreement, the term over. the complete 63,466.08 square feet (include the mezzanine), will be extended to ten (10) years, binding for the parties, commencing on April 01, 2005 and concluding on March 31, 2015. It is understood and agreed upon that COMPANY shall have the option to extend the term herein described after it s termination, for two (2) additional terms of five (5) years each, obligatory for the parties.  
 SECOND: RENT. 
 A.- Lease.  As fixed rent for the Lease of the building expansion during the Lease Term hereof, COMPANY shall pay to PITSA the amount of US$26,655.75 (twenty six thousand six hundred and fifty five dollars 75/100 currency of the United States of America) per month plus I.V.A. (corresponding to     US$0.42 cents per square feet of constructed area per month plus I.V.A.) payable in advance to PITSA at the address of PITSA, on the first day of each month.  
 Such fee shall be adjusted annually to reflect the Los Angeles-Riverside-Orange County Consumer Price Index on each anniversary of the lease term. The rent adjustment will not be less than 2% and will not exceed 4.5% per year. 
 If such rent is not paid within ten (10) days after the first day of any given month, it shall become delinquent and late penalty fees will be applied at the rate of 5% per month, payable precisely in United States currency. 
 THIRD: SECURITY DEPOSIT.  COMPANY shall deposit to PITSA, upon the execution of this agreement, the amount of US$14,022.36 (fourteen thousand and twenty two dollars 36/100 currency of the United States of America) plus I.V.A, as deposit in guaranty for compliance of the obligations assumed hereunder by COMPANY, including but not limited to payment of rents, and shall be reimbursed to COMPANY by PITSA upon termination of the Lease Agreement, once COMPANY shows evidence that all obligations have been complied with, otherwise PITSA is expressly authorized to use such deposit to cover amounts owed under any title to PITSA.  

FOURTH: GUARANTY.   It is clearly understood   that   PITSA   has   been induced to enter into this Modificatory Agreement with COMPANY due   to   the guaranties to be submitted by COMPANY. Consequently, COMPANY shall assure   that   a Guarantee under the form of   Exhibit  A    attached hereto, is given by Esterline Technologies an American c  orporation   ( GUARANTOR ), to insure the adherence by COMPANY of all of the conditions,   covenants,   obligations, including those concerning with the applications of the mechanisms of restoration   in   the   event   of an environmental damage and contamination of the Leased Property by COMPANY, liabilities and agreements set forth on the Lease Agreement dated on June 1,     2000.  
 FIFTH:  The parties hereby agree that this Modificatory Agreement shall modify only the provisions mentioned herein, all other provisions shall remain valid and unchanged. The Lease Agreement previously executed by the parties on June 1 st , 2000 shall govern any matter related to the Lease, which is not specifically addressed herein.  
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF  this document is signed in duplicate in this City of Tijuana, Baja California, on the twenty-third of March of the year two thousand and five.  

PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL DE TIJUANA, S.A. DE C.V.   

LEACH INTERNATIONAL DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.   

/s/  Jaime Roberts Vildos la   

/ s /  Greg Brostek   

Jaime Roberts Vildos la  
  Legal Representative   

Greg Brostek  
  Legal Representative   

WITNESSES:   

/s/  Lope Palomino Ara iza   

/s/  Christian Zak   

Lope Palomino Ara iza   

Christian Zak   

CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO que celebran, PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL TIJUANA, S.A. DE .C.V., en adelante llamado como PITSA, representada por el Sr. Jaime Roberts Vild sola, y LEACH INTERNATIONAL DE M XICO, S. de R.L. de C.V., en adelante llamada como LA COMPA  A, representada por el Sr. Dennos Sheredy, al tenor de las siguientes CL USULAS y DECLARACIONES.  
  DECLARACIONES  

I.   
 
  El representante legal de PITSA declara lo siguiente:     

A.   
 
  PITSA es una Compa  a organizada y existente bajo la Ley General de Corporaciones Mexicanas, como se describe en el Acta Publica No. 16,150, Volumen 270, adscrita ante el Sr. Abogado Carlos C. Enr quez de Rivera B., Notario Publico No. 09 de Mexicali, B.C., teniendo como objeto corporativo el desarrollo y operaci n de un Parque Industrial en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, M xico, conocido como  Parque Industrial Bajamaq EL  guila .     

B.   
 
  El Sr. Jaime Roberts Vild sola constata su capacidad como Representante Legal de PITSA como lo describe el documento p blico abajo y que tal poder no ha sido revocado.     

D.   
 
  La direcci n Principal Vigente del Negocio se encuentra en al Kil metro 10 de la carretera Federal a San Lu s R o Colorado Sonora en Mexicali, Baja California M xico.     

E.   
 
  PITSA se encuentra localizada en un porci n de terreno localizada en el Parque Industrial Bajamaq El  guila en un edificio Industrial Modular, con un  rea construida de aproximadamente 91,590.08 pies cuadrados, de aqu  en adelante llamada como  Edificio Industrial PITSA .,     

F.   
 
  Su Principal posee y dispone libremente de los m dulos C, D, E y F en el Edificio Industrial PITSA localizados en el Parque Industrial Bajamaq El  guila en la Ciudad de Tijuana baja California, M xico.     

G.   
 
  PITSA desea establecer un contrato de arrendamiento con la COMPA  A referente a una porci n del Edificio Industrial PITSA, descrito anteriormente en el p rrafo E, con un  rea de 61,060.08 pies cuadrados, identificado como m dulos C, D, E y F localizados en al Avenida de  guila Azteca 19190 Parque Industrial Bajamaq El  guila. Tales m dulos incluyen almac n, espacio completamente condicionado para oficinas y  rea de estacionamiento para 51 veh culos, los cuales se describen en las especificaciones y planos anexos descritos como Anexo  A  (llamado en adelante como  Propiedad Arrendada ).     

H.   
 
  Es la intenci n de PITSA otorgar a la COMPA  A el derecho de Primer Oferente respecto al  rea adicional construida de 30,530 pies cuadrados, identificada como m dulos A y B, adjuntos a los m dulos descritos anteriormente en el p rrafo G materia de este contrato de Arrendamiento, para futura expansi n por la COMPA  A, bajo los t rminos y condiciones que pudieran establecerse por com n acuerdo al momento de que dicho derecho sea ejercido.     

I.   
 
  PITSA ha aplicado y obtenido financieros a trav s de Instituciones Bancarias Nacionales y Extranjeras; con dichos fondos, el Edificio, as  como las Mejoras realizadas dentro del Parque Industrial est n siendo construidas.     

II   
 
  El Representante Legal de la COMPA  A declara que:     

A.   
 
  Su principal se basa en una Compa  a organizada y existente bajo la Ley   General de Corporaciones Mexicana, como se muestra en la Escritura   P blica N mero 85,245, Volumen 1,593 firmada el 12 de mayo, 2002, ante el Se or Xavier Ib  ez H. Notario Publico N mero 3 de la Ciudad de Tijuana Baja California, M xico.     

B.   
 
  El se or Dennos Sheredy constata su capacidad de Representante Legal de la COMPA  A como se describe anteriormente en el Acta Constitutiva y que tal Poder no ha sido revocado.     

D.   
 
  La direcci n principal en donde finca su lugar de negocios es precisamente la Propiedad Arrendada objeto de este Contrato de Arrendamiento.     

E.   
 
  La COMPA  A desea establecer un Contrato de Arrendamiento con la COMPA  A sobre la Propiedad Arrendada que se describe anteriormente en la declaraci n I punto F. y Anexo  A .     

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 1  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

CL USULAS:  

I.   
 
  ALCANCE DEL CONTRATO DE ARRENDAMIENTO     

A.   
 
  En los t rminos y condiciones establecidas de ahora en adelante, el alcance de este Contrato de Arrendamiento se describe a continuaci n: PITSA declara que Arrendar  a la COMPA  A, y LA COMPA  A declara que Rentar  de PITSA la Propiedad Arrendada, como se describe en el Anexo  A , referidos en la declaraci n anterior I. punto F, el cual se anexa a este contrato y forma parte del mismo. PITSA acuerda realizar las mejoras descritas en el Anexo  C , adjunto a este contrato y debidamente firmado por las partes. Se expresa a pleno conocimiento de las partes que la COMPA  A participa en este contrato con la intenci n de utilizar la propiedad para   Ensamblaje Industrial Ligero  .     

B.   
 
  PITSA acuerda otorgar a la COMPA  A el derecho de Primer Oferente de acuerdo al modulo o espacio construido adjunto a la Propiedad Arrendada, con un  rea de 30,530 pies cuadrados para futura expansi n, esta  rea se identifica como  Interna  adjunta en el Anexo  B  (llamado de ahora en adelante como   rea de expansi n )     

  Si el  rea de expansi n esta disponible, PITSA notificar  por escrito de tal situaci n a la COMPA  A. La COMPA  A tendr  quince (15) d as naturales, una vez que haya sido notificada por PITSA para ejercitar su derecho de Primer Oferente, como se indica en el p rrafo anterior. En el caso de que la COMPA  A  
  No responda dentro del per odo se alado o elija no ejercer esta opci n, entonces PITSA puede arrendar el  rea de expansi n a un Tercero. Por lo tanto, PITSA ser  liberada de cualquier obligaci n futura respecto al derecho de Primer Oferente.  

C.   
 
  PITSA deber  otorgar posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada una vez que se ejecute el Contrato de Arrendamiento.     

II.   
 
  CONSTRUCCI N POR PITSA     

A.   
 
  PITSA deber  realizar todas las mejoras a la Propiedad Arrendada de acuerdo a las especificaciones y planos descritos en el Anexo  C , los cuales han sido aprobados por PITSA y la COMPA  A.     

B.   
 
  PITSA deber  realizar todo el trabajo referente a las mejoras de acuerdo con todas las leyes, reglamentos, dict menes y  rdenes de las autoridades gubernamentales, as  como los Reglamentos del Parque Industrial PITSA, los cuales se adjuntan en el presente documento como Anexo  D .     

C.   
 
  PITSA proceder  diligentemente con la construcci n y t rmino de las mejoras (ver Anexo  C ),de tal forma en que permitir  el uso de las  reas anteriormente designadas para los prop sitos que se contemplan y de acuerdo con las Especificaciones. PITSA acuerda en completar dichas Mejoras en cuatro semanas, toda vez que adquiera validez este Contrato de Arrendamiento.     

D.   
 
  La COMPA  A tiene el derecho de modificar las Especificaciones y Planos descritos en el Anexo  C  durante el curso de la construcci n, siempre y cuando tales cambios no retrasen la finalizaci n de las obras de Mejoras y prevean que la COMPA  A reintegre a PITSA, bajo demanda, cualquier costo adicional incurrido por PITSA por raz n de los cambios requeridos por la COMPA  A. La COMPA  A rechaza el derecho de objetar a cualquier retraso en la finalizaci n de las obras causado por dichos cambios dentro de las Especificaciones y no debidos a la intenci n de PITSA. Cualquier cambio deber  especificarse por escrito y deber  ser firmado por el representante de obras de la COMPA       La designaci n de tal representante deber  ser notificada por escrito a PITSA de acuerdo con la Secci n F de la Cl usula II.     

E.   
 
  La Propiedad Arrendada deber  considerarse lista para ocuparse cuando las Mejoras hayan sido completadas, de tal forma para permitir el uso de dichas  reas para esos prop sitos anteriormente contemplados y de acuerdo con las Especificaciones. La Persona a cargo de las Mejoras deber  preparar, certificar con firma aut grafa y entregar por duplicado a la COMPA IA y a PITSA una declaraci n que contemple lo siguiente:     

a.   
 
  Que las Mejoras han sido substancialmente finalizadas de acuerdo con las Especificaciones, cualquier cambio debidamente autorizado o cambios descritos en el presente y     

b.   
 
  La fecha de finalizaci n de la Obra.     

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 2  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

PITSA   debe completar o reparar diligentemente, tan pronto sea posible, cualquier detalle o correcci n no terminada cuando la Propiedad Arrendada este lista para ocuparse.  

F.   
 
  En el caso de requerir construcci n adicional, y si debido a la naturaleza del mismo llega a ser necesario, cada parte aqu  firmante deber  inmediatamente designar a un individuo como representante de Obra. Cada Parte acuerda en someterse y autoriza a la otra en confiar y en conservar la construcci n original, una vez dados los acuerdos aprobados, as  como cualquier otra acci n por conducto de la otra parte por su representante de Obras, o cualquier persona subsecuentemente designada y notificada por escrito a la otra parte.     

G.   
 
  Bajo consentimiento por escrito de PITSA, la COMPA  A puede, en cualquier momento antes de la Fecha de Inicio, bajo su propio riesgo, realizar e instalar muebles de comercio, maquinaria y equipo en la Propiedad Arrendada de la manera en que lo considere. PITSA acuerda permitir el establecimiento de tales muebles, maquinaria y equipo en operaci n por los   Empleados de la COMPA  A   o cualquier contratante, y que tales acciones no liberar n a PITSA de su responsabilidad de finalizar las Mejoras bajo los t rminos y condiciones aqu  descritas.     

H.   
 
  PITSA reconoce que cualquier o todas las Mejoras a la construcci n a ser realizadas por PITSA de ahora en adelante, ya sea durante el termino anterior al Contrato de Arrendamiento o despu s del mismo, los empleados de PITSA o aquellos contratados a terceras partes por PITSA, ser n sola y  nicamente responsabilidad de PITSA y por lo tanto, las garant as y acuerdos con la COMPA    A   de que tales empleados o terceras personas estar n en pleno consentimiento de todos los acuerdos de construcci n, Seguro Social, impuestos, mano de obra y otra leyes y Reglamentos Mexicanos aplicables.     

I.   
 
  Si PITSA falla en entregar las Mejoras en la fecha indicada anteriormente en la Secci n II-C, PITSA acuerda en pagar por da os una cantidad equivalente a un d a de renta de la Propiedad Arrendada por cada d a de retraso hasta completar las Mejoras.     

III.   
 
  INSTALACIONES POR LA COMPA  A     

A.   
 
  La COMPA  A puede, a su coste, instalar en la Propiedad Arrendada, tales muebles y composturas, equipo y mejoras en el almac n, como lo considere necesario; provisto de que tales art culos sean instalados y removidos sin da ar la integridad estructural de la Propiedad Arrendada y Mejoras. Tales art culos de mercadeo, equipo y muebles deber n permanecer como propiedad de la COMPA  A, y a menos que la COMPA  A lo considere necesario, deber n removerse por la propia COMPA  A una vez que expiren los t rminos aqu  descritos, o a la finalizaci n anticipada de este Contrato de Arrendamiento. La COMPA  A puede adem s instalar mejoras temporales en el interior de la Propiedad Arrendada, provisto de que tales mejoras sean instaladas y removidas sin da ar la estructura de las Mejoras. La COMPA  A deber    reparar, a su propio coste, todos los da os causados por la instalaci n o   remoci n de tales art culos de comercio, equipo, muebles o mejoras t mporales.     

B.   
 
  La Compa  a deber  realizar todas las instalaciones de acuerdo a todas las leyes, reglamentos, normas,  rdenes de las autoridades gubernamentales, as  como el Reglamento del Edificio Industrial de PITSA, las cuales se adjuntan como Anexo  D .     

IV.   
 
  PLAZO DE ARRENDAMIENTO Y FECHA DE INICIO     

A.   
 
  Contrato de Arrendamiento. Este Contrato de Arrendamiento deber  ser efectivo desde la Fecha de Inicio, la cual para los prop sitos de este Contrato de Arrendamiento se establece el 1ro. de junio de 2000. PITSA proceder  diligentemente a ejecutar las Mejoras que no est n listas a la Fecha de Inicio.     

B.   
 
  Plazo. Plazo de Arrendamiento por Siete A os. La Vigencia de este Contrato de Arrendamiento deber  de ser por Siete A os, comenzando desde la Fecha de Inicio y deber  terminar el  ltimo d a del plazo del S ptimo A o, como dicho plazo se define en adelante.     

C.   
 
  A o de Arrendamiento. El termino  A o de Arrendamiento  como se utiliza aqu , deber  de ser un per odo de doce (12) meses completos consecutivos calendarizables. El primer A o de Arrendamiento deber  comenzar en la Fecha de Inicio.     

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 3  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

V.   
 
        RENTA.     

A.   
 
  Arrendamiento. Se define como la renta establecida para Arrendar la Propiedad Arrendada durante el Plazo de Arrendamiento aqu  establecido, la COMPA  A deber  pagar a PITSA la cantidad de US$0.36 (treinta y seis centavos 00cts./l00 US Dlls.), mas el Impuesto al valor Agregado (I.V.A.) por pie cuadrado por mes, pagado precisamente en tal moneda o en Pesos Mexicanos al tipo de cambio establecido al momento del pago de acuerdo al valor de venta del Banco Internacional, S.A. (BITAL), Sucursal las Californias. Tal cantidad deber  ser pagadera por adelantado el primero de cada mes, en la direcci n de PITSA, o bien, depositada en la cuenta # 7000414706 del Banco BITAL, Sucursal Las Californias, bajo el   nombre de Promotora Industrial de Tijuana, S.A. de C.V. Dicha renta   deber  ajustarse anualmente para reflejar el incremento exacto del    ndice     de Precios del Consumidor de Los  ngeles Anaheim-Riverside cada     aniversario del Plazo de Arrendamiento. El ajuste a la renta no ser  menor     al   2  %   y no exceder  el 4.5% por a o.     

  El pago de la Renta deber  comenzar en la Fecha de Inicio el 1ro. de junio de 2000 como se define anteriormente en la Secci n IV-A.  

B.   
 
  Cuota de Mantenimiento. La COMPA  A deber  pagar una cuota de mantenimiento mensual de US$0.0138 por pie cuadrado de Propiedad Arrendada, adem s de su Impuesto al Valor Agregado (I.V.A.), la cual cubre los costes de jardiner a, alumbrado p blico, limpieza de v as, remoci n de basura y mantenimiento exterior de edificios. La cuota de mantenimiento ser  pagadera junto con la renta mensual. Dicha cuota deber  ajustarse anualmente para reflejar el incremento del    ndice de     Precios del Consumidor de Los  ngeles Anaheim-Riverside cada     aniversario del Plazo de Arrendamiento. El ajuste a la cuota de     mantenimiento no ser  menor al 2% y no exceder  el 4.5% por a o.     

  Si cada renta y cuota de mantenimiento no se cubren dentro de los primeros cinco (5) d as de cada mes, se penalizar  por moroso y se cargar  un   5  %   de la renta mensual.  

C.   
 
  La COMPA  A acuerda a proveer mantenimiento del equipo especifico propiedad de PITSA, tal como las unidades de Aire Acondicionado, compresores y transformadores el ctricos. Para tal prop sito, la COMPA  A mantendr  un libro de bit coras indicando todo el mantenimiento provisto a dicho equipo.     

D.   
 
  En adici n a los acuerdos anteriores, la COMPA  A pagar  la renta se alada anteriormente, en la direcci n de PITSA como se indica en este Contrato de Arrendamiento, o en la direcci n de la instituci n bancaria o en cualquier lugar se alado por PITSA, bajo los t rminos de la Cl usula XIII de este Contrato de Arrendamiento.     

E.   
 
  Dep sito por Da os. A la terminaci n de este Contrato de Arrendamiento por PITSA debido a faltas de la COMPA  A, antes o durante los primeros seis (6) meses del Plazo de Arrendamiento, o a la terminaci n por la COMPA IA sin causa alguna, obliga a PITSA a aplicar autom ticamente como Dep sito por Da os todas las sumas pagaderas o depositadas por la COMPA  A, como lo es la renta de dep sito o pago por seguridad, adem s de cualquier otro derecho de PITSA previsto en este Acuerdo.     

F.   
 
  Premisa. El pago de cualquier adeudo de renta en por este Contrato de Arrendamiento, no deber  ser reducida o suspendida por ninguna raz n y la COMPA  A acuerda en defender cualquier clamo, demanda u otro derecho contra PITSA s lo por v a de un procedimiento independiente.     

G.   
 
  PITSA declara haber recibido de la COMPA  A la cantidad de $25,106.69 D lares Americanos con I.V.A. incluido, para ser aplicados por el primer mes de renta a la Fecha de Inicio para lo cual PITSA deber  entregar en recibo correspondiente. PITSA adem s declara haber recibido de la COMPA  A la cantidad de $ 65,944.89 D lares Americanos, como dep sito en garant a para cumplir con las obligaciones descritas en este Contrato. Se entiende que tal dep sito no ser  considerado como pago por adelantado de rentas pero se utilizar   nicamente para remediar cualquier imprevisto o incumplimiento de la COMPA  A.     

VI.   
 
  USO.     

  La Propiedad Arrendada deber  utilizarse y ocuparse para Ensamblaje Industrial Ligero o cualquier otro prop sito de  ndole Legal-industrial que no viole el Reglamento del Parque Industrial de PITSA, adjunto como Anexo  D . La COMPA  A deber  cumplir de manera cabal y r pida con todas las leyes, reglamentos y  rdenes de todas las autoridades gubernamentales que afecten a la Propiedad Arrendada o aquellas que pudieran amenazar a otros ocupantes del Parque Industrial.  

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 4  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

VII.   
 
        SEGUROS.     

A.   
 
  Seguros contra Incendios y Otros. Con vigencia a partir de la Fecha de Inicio del Contrato de Arrendamiento, la COMPA  A deber  obtener un seguro de cobertura del edificio, sus mejoras, contenidos y da os a terceras personas, particularmente en consideraci n del riesgo de los productos que ser n procesados o resguardados en la Propiedad Arrendada; todos las p lizas de seguros estar n a favor de PITSA como el beneficiario. Si dichas p lizas no son obtenidas en o antes de la Fecha de Inicio, PITSA contratar  una p liza de seguro equivalente para cubrir dichas contingencias y la COMPA  A ser  responsable de rembolsar a PITSA la cantidad de las tarifas correspondientes inmediatamente o contra demanda.     

B.   
 
  Forma y Entrega de p lizas. Cada p liza de aseguranza referidas en los p rrafos anteriores deber n estar en los formatos aprobados por la  Secretaria de Hacienda y Cr dito Publico  y escritas con una o mas compa  as con licencia para asegurar en Tijuana, Baja California, M xico, y deber n prever que no estar n sujetas a cambios o cancelaci n, a excepci n de pleno consentimiento por escrito treinta (30) d as posteriores a la notificaci n a PITSA. Antes de la Fecha de Inicio del Plazo de Arrendamiento, cada una de las partes deber  procurar y mantener dicho Seguro lo m s necesario y pertinente para cubrir las responsabilidades y la propiedad. La COMPA  A deber  entregar a PITSA la p liza correspondiente dentro de los treinta (30) d as siguientes a la fecha de la firma de este Contrato de Arrendamiento.     

C.   
 
  Garant as. La COMPA  A deber  asegurar que la garant a bajo la forma del Anexo  E  adjunta a este documento sea exhibida por   Leach     Internacional Corporation,   para asegurar la adherencia de la COMPA  A a todas las condiciones, convenios, obligaciones, responsabilidades y acuerdos descritos en este Contrato de Arrendamiento. Con tal garant a, el Garante deber  entregar una copia de los estados financieros m s recientes.     

VIII.   
 
  IMPUESTOS Y ADEUDOS     

  Con la excepci n del impuesto al IVA y al impuesto de retenci n para PITSA, el cual debe de ser absorbido por PITSA, la COMPA  A deber  pagar el impuesto predial y todos aquellos impuestos y adeudos de todo tipo, los cuales son o pueden surgir en cualquier momento durante el Plazo de Arrendamiento, agravados sobre la Propiedad Arrendada, el Contrato de Arrendamiento o la COMPA  A debido a la naturaleza de sus actividades. Todos estos impuestos y adeudos deber n ser cubiertos por la COMPA  A, y el recibo de pago de impuestos y adeudos ser  entregado a PITSA antes de que estos impuestos y adeudos sean moratorios.  
  LA COMPA  A adem s acuerda en pagar todos los impuestos y adeudos de todo tipo que recaigan sobre cualquier propiedad personal de la COMPA  A, sus sucesores y designados, donde aplique o pueda recaer sobre la Propiedad Arrendada. Todos estos impuestos y adeudos deber n ser cubiertos por la COMPA  A antes de que los mismos se conviertan en moratorios.  

IX.   
 
  REPARACIONES, ALTERACIONES Y MEJORAS     

A.   
 
  PITSA     

1.   
 
  Despu s de notificar por escrito por parte de la COMPA  A, PITSA, a su propio coste, deber  con la m nima interferencia del uso normal de la Propiedad Arrendada, diligentemente proceder a reparar cualquier defecto estructural en el techo o parte exterior de las paredes, construidas por PITSA, a excepci n de aquella producida por desgaste normal. PITSA no ser  responsable de cualquier da o y no estar  obligada a realizar ninguna reparaci n debida a da os causados por cualquier acto de negligencia u omisi n de la COMPA  A, sus empleados, agentes, invitados o contratistas. PITSA no tendr  ninguna obligaci n de mantener o reparar ninguna otra porci n de la Propiedad Arrendada, excepto por la reparaci n de aquellas mejoras construidas por PITSA para la COMPA  A por el per odo de un a o despu s de su finalizaci n. PITSA no ser  responsable ni responder  a la COMPA  A por ning n da o resultante de la falla de PITSA sobre las reparaciones, a menos que la COMPA  A haya notificado a PITSA de la necesidad de tales reparaciones y que PITSA haya fallado a iniciar tales reparaciones dentro de los siete (7) d as siguientes a que dicha notificaci n por escrito haya sido entregada y no se hubiere finalizado de manera diligente en el caso de atenci n a asuntos mas urgentes.     

2.   
 
  Si PITSA falla en realizar tales reparaciones descritas en la Cl usula IX,  A , la COMPA  A puede, m s no esta sujeta a, realizar o encausar tales reparaciones, y PITSA debe, bajo demanda, inmediatamente pagar a la COMPA  A el coste razonable de las reparaciones.     

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 5  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

A.   
 
        COMPA  A     

1.   
 
  La COMPA IA, a su propio coste, excepto por aquellas obligaciones de PITSA establecidas en el p rrafo  A , 1, de esta Cl usula, deber  mantener en buen estado y reparar, excepto por el desgaste normal de toda la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo las Mejoras, e incluyendo pero no limitando a, la plomer a, drenaje y cualquier instalaci n de utiler as que se encuentren dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada, as  como reparaciones, particiones, paredes (exteriores e interiores, incluyendo la pintura tan seguido como sea necesario), pisos, cielos, se ales, aire acondicionado, instalaciones el ctricas, calefacci n y equipo similar, puertas, ventanas, mesas de vidrio y cualquier tipo de reparaciones, la Propiedad Arrendada. La COMPA  A, a su propio coste, deber  reparar todas las goteras, excepto esas causadas por da os estructurales en el techo y paredes exteriores. Las instalaciones de plomer a no deber n utilizarse para ning n otro prop sito mas all  del que fueron construidas. Los gastos de cualquier rompimiento, obstrucci n o da o resultante por una violaci n de esta provisi n, deber  ser absorbida por la COMPA IA. La COMPA  A deber  resguardar toda la basura, s lo temporalmente, dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada, y deber  contratar el desecho de la misma regularmente a pleno costo de la COMPA  A. La COMPA  A no deber  quemar la basura, sea esta de cualquier tipo, dentro o fuera de la Propiedad Arrendada o cerca del Parque Industrial.     

2.   
 
  La COMPA  A requerir  por escrito del consentimiento de PITSA para realizar cualquier alteraci n, mejora o adici n a las paredes exteriores y techo de la Propiedad Arrendada con un costo excedente a los US$5,000.00 (Cinco Mil D lares Americanos 00/100.). La COMPA  A no deber  da ar los pisos, paredes, cielos, particiones, o tipo de acabados de madera, piedra o herrer a dentro o por alrededor de la Propiedad Arrendada en relaci n con la construcci n de cualquier alteraci n mencionada o mejoras.     

3.   
 
  La COMPA  A deber  mantener la Propiedad Arrendada limpia y libre de impedimentos y responsabilidades que surjan de actos de omisi n de la COMPA  A, incluyendo esos que surjan por la construcci n realizada u ordenada por la COMPA  A. Sin embargo, si por alguna causa del trabajo realizado, acabado de los materiales o de las obligaciones incurridas por la COMPA  A con cualquier tercero, o cualquier acto u omisi n de la COMPA  A, PITSA resulta responsable o se ve envuelta en una Litigaci n, la COMPA  A deber  liberar e indemnizar a PITSA incluyendo los gastos y costes, as  como los honorarios incurridos de los abogados por dicha raz n.     

  Si la COMPA  A falla en deslindar completamente de cualquier impedimento o responsabilidad dentro de los treinta (30) d as siguientes a la fecha que aparezca en el registro, o falla en proveer una indemnizaci n aceptable a PITSA en caso de litigaci n, PITSA por propia fe, puede pagar todo o en parte. Si PITSA paga tales responsabilidades o impedimentos de cualquier tipo, la COMPA  A deber , bajo demanda, inmediatamente pagar a PITSA dicha cantidad cubierta, junto con la tasa de inter s al 20% anual desde la fecha del pago. Ninguna responsabilidad o impedimento de cualquier car cter creado por la omisi n o acto de la COMPA  A deber  en ninguna manera afectar los derechos de PITSA sobre la Propiedad Arrendada.  

X.   
 
  SERVICIOS P BLICOS     

  Durante los t rminos de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, la COMPA  A deber  pagar en tiempo y forma cualquier tipo de servicio p blico y otros servicios realizados a la Propiedad Arrendada, incluyendo pero no limitando a, agua, luz, gas, electricidad, telefon a y cargos por recolecci n de basura. PITSA asistir  a la COMPA  A en la contrataci n de tales servicios de llegar a ser necesario.  
  Todos los contratos para la instalaci n de cualquiera de estos servicios en la Propiedad Arrendada, como el agua, drenaje y cuotas de reconexi n telef nica, de existir alguna, as  como cargos por instalaci n de KVA por la Comisi n Federal de Electricidad y sus cargos por demanda de electricidad y reconexi n, ser n cubiertas completamente por la COMPA  A. Hay 200 KVA s libres de cargos por parte de la Comisi n Federal de Electricidad; cualquier necesidad mas all  de estos KVA s ser  provista y con cargo adicional por parte de la CFE hacia la COMPA  A.   PITSA garantiza que en el sitio habr  al menos 700 KVA s disponibles en     el Edificio, los cuales ser n provistos por la CFE.  
  Existe una compa  a de seguridad controlando los accesos del Parque Industrial PITSA. El servicio ser  pagado de manera distributiva por los inquilinos de acuerdo a los pies cuadrados arrendados. La COMPA  A como inquilino principal, puede elegir y controlar sus premisas de seguridad.  

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 6  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

XI.   
 
        DERECHO DE V A     

  A PITSA se le conseciona un derecho de v a sobre de, a lo largo de y por debajo de la Propiedad Arrendada; para acceso, salida, instalaciones, sustituciones, reparaciones y mantenimiento de servicios p blicos, incluyendo pero no limitando a, gas, agua, telefon a, toda la electricidad y sistemas de televisi n o antenas de radio dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada. Por virtud, este derecho de v a debe ser lo suficiente amplio para que las compa  as de electricidad y telefon a edifiquen y den el mantenimiento necesario a los postes y a cualquier otro tipo de equipo dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada; previsto que durante el ejercicio de cualquier derecho, PITSA puede tener bajo la Cl usula XI, en donde acuerda en establecer s lo una m nima interferencia con el uso y posesi n de la COMPA  A sobre la Propiedad Arrendada. A menos de que el desarrollo de cualquier instalaci n o reparaci n sea absolutamente necesaria para la integridad de los inquilinos, cualquier compostura, cableado, alambrado y/u otro equipo que pudiera requerir de ser instalado dentro de los l mites del edificio industrial del la Propiedad Arrendada deber  ser previamente autorizada por escrito por la COMPA  A, tal autorizaci n no ser  retenida sin raz n alguna. Los da os o p rdidas debido a la falta de autorizaci n o demora en el cumplimiento de tal   autorizaci n ser  responsabilidad de la COMPA  A.  

XII.   
 
  OTORGAMIENTO O SUBARRENDAMIENTO.     

A.   
 
  La COMPA  A tiene el derecho, previa autorizaci n por escrito de PITSA, asignar o transferir o subarrendar este Contrato de Arrendamiento o cualquier inter s dentro del mismo, o permitir el uso de la Propiedad Arrendada a cualquier persona o compa  a, previsto, sin embargo, que la COMPA  A, en el caso de que tal autorizaci n para asignar, transferir o subarrendar, la COMPA  A deber  mantener la responsabilidad de todas las obligaciones de este Contrato de Arrendamiento.     

B.   
 
  PITSA tiene el derecho de asignar y reasignar, de vez en cuando, cualquier o todos los derechos y obligaciones de PITSA dentro de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, o cualquier inter s dentro del mismo, sin el consentimiento de la COMPA  A, previsto que ninguna asignaci n o reasignaci n mencionada deber  revocar cualquiera de los derechos de la COMPA  A descritos en este documento, y previsto que mas a n, PITSA deber  permanecer responsable de todas sus obligaciones bajo este Contrato de Arrendamiento, declarando directamente contra tal asignaci n, cualquier defensa, premisas o reclamos que la COMPA  A pudiere tener en contra de PITSA o cualquier otra persona. Sin embargo, la COMPA  A, dentro de este documento, renuncia respecto a suspender la renta o cualquier medida preventiva para garantizar el pago de un reclamo, como se describe en los procedimientos del C digo Civil.     

XIII.   
 
  SUBORDINACI N.     

  Durante el plazo de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, PITSA tiene el derecho de impedir su inter s sobre la Propiedad Arrendada o dentro de este Contrato de Arrendamiento para cualquier prop sito que considere m s conveniente, y la COMPA  A debe y acuerda en subordinar su inter s dentro de este Contrato de Arrendamiento y sobre la Propiedad Arrendada a tales impedimentos. Sin embargo, en caso de que tales impedimentos sean por embargos o por preceptos de ley, quien resulte tener el impedimento debe acordar con respecto a este Contrato de Arrendamiento y aceptar el desempe o de la COMPA  A y de sus obligaciones descritas en este documento. La COMPA  A debe ejecutar cualquier acuerdo que sea requerido por PITSA conforme a tal subordinaci n y emitir cualquier informaci n financiera que pudiera ser requerida por cualquier compa  a de seguros, entidad bancaria u otra instituci n de reconocida.  
  Una vez que PITSA haya notificado por escrito a la COMPA  A que el representante ha asignado su inter s de este Contrato de Arrendamiento a cualquier instituci n de pr stamo como garant a por pr stamos u otra obligaci n de PITSA, PITSA no tendr  poder de enmendar este Contrato de Arrendamiento como para reducir la renta, reducir el plazo o modificar o negar cualquier obligaci n de la COMPA  A en los t rminos descritos, o acordar rescindir este Contrato de Arrendamiento sin el previo consentimiento por escrito de dicha instituci n de pr stamos. Tal obligaci n deber  continuar hasta que la instituci n de pr stamos haya notificado a la COMPA  A por escrito de que tal asignaci n ha sido terminada, en el entendido de que si PITSA falla en obtener tal aprobaci n de la instituci n de pr stamos para llevar a cabo lo siguiente, la enmienda a los t rminos arriba mencionados no tendr n ning n efecto contra dicha instituci n de pr stamos. En adici n, si la instituci n de notificara por escrito a la COMPA  A requiriendo directamente los pagos de la renta descrita en este documento a dicha instituci n de o su representante, entonces la COMPA  A debe de obligarse a pagar a tal instituci n de o a su representante cada renta subsiguiente que se cumpla dentro de este Contrato de Arrendamiento (junto con cualquier adeudo de rentas moratorio), hasta la fecha en que dicha instituci n de pr stamos notifique a la COMPA  A autorizando el pago de la renta a PITSA o cualquier otra parte con derechos dentro de este documento. La COMPA  A entiende y acuerda que a excepci n del dep sito de seguridad por adelantado previsto en la Secci n de Miscel neos, a petici n de PITSA, deber  proporcionar una declaraci n de que no se ha realizado ning n pago por adelantado; tal documento deber  ser emitido a voluntad de la COMPA  A y en contra de la instituci n de que este Contrato de Arrendamiento pudiera asign rsele. En adici n, la instituci n de no podr  reconocer esos pagos realizados a PITSA despu s de que la COMPA  A haya recibido la notificaci n de solicitud de pagos hacia dicha instituci n de.  

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 7  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

XIV.   
 
        ACCESOS A LA PROPIEDAD ARRENDADA.     

  Sin ninguna intervenci n en las operaciones de la COMPA  A, PITSA o sus representantes autorizados tienen el derecho de entrar a la Propiedad Arrendada durante las horas h biles de la COMPA  A, y en emergencias, en todo momento para inspeccionar la Propiedad Arrendada y realizar reparaciones, adiciones o alteraciones a la Propiedad Arrendada. Por un per odo inicial de noventa (90) d as antes de la finalizaci n de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, PITSA tendr  acceso a la Propiedad Arrendada con el prop sito de exhibirla a sus prospectos de arrendatarios as  como colocar anuncios de  Para Venta  o  Para Renta  dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada y la COMPA  A tiene el derecho de acompa ar a los representantes de PITSA y a los prospectos de arrendatarios. PITSA y la COMPA  A acuerdan en establecer los horarios y calendarizaci n de las visitas para la exhibici n de la Propiedad Arrendada. La COMPA  A, bajo su propio riesgo, se reserva el derecho de autorizar a PITSA a entrar al edificio en caso de emergencia.  

XV.   
 
  DA OS O DESTRUCCI N.     

A.   
 
  Total. En el evento de que toda o parte substancial de la Propiedad Arrendada sea da ada o destruida por fuego, acto de naturaleza, o cualquier otra causa, de tal forma en que la COMPA  A no pueda continuar la operaci n de su negocio, PITSA y la COMPA  A deber n, en un per odo de diez (10) d as posteriores a dicha destrucci n determinar si la Propiedad Arrendada puede restaurarse en los siguientes cuatro (4) meses. Si PITSA y la COMPA  A determinan que la Propiedad Arrendada no puede restaurarse en cuatro (4) meses, ya sea PITSA o la COMPA  A tiene el derecho y la opci n de inmediatamente terminar este Contrato de Arrendamiento, avisando por escrito a la otra parte. Si PITSA y la COMPA  A determina que la Propiedad Arrendada si puede ser restaurada en cuatro (4) meses, PITSA proceder  diligentemente a reconstruir la Propiedad Arrendada, sin la obligaci n de la COMPA  A a pagar las rentas durante tal per odo de reconstrucci n o hasta la fecha en que la Propiedad Arrendada le sea entregada a la COMPA  A.     

B.   
 
  Parcial. En el evento de que dichos da os fueran causados a s lo una porci n de la Propiedad Arrendada y tal destrucci n no limite a la COMPA  A para continuar su operaci n normal de su negocio en la Propiedad Arrendada, PITSA y la COMPA  A deber n reparar tal da o, cada parte reconstruir  la porci n de las Mejoras de la cual era responsable en la construcci n original, teniendo en cuenta que para el per odo correspondiente para reparar y restaurar las Mejoras de PITSA, la renta descrita a pagar por la COMPA IA deber  ser equitativamente dividida a su interferencia del uso y posesi n de la COMPA  A de la Propiedad Arrendada causada por tales da os y reparaciones.     

XVI.   
 
  LIMITACI N DE RESPONSABILIDAD.     

  A excepci n de los actos intencionales o negligentes o actos de omisi n de PITSA, sus agentes y empleados, PITSA no ser  responsable de la COMPA  A o de cualquier otra persona por ninguna p rdida o da o de cualquier tipo o naturaleza causada por actos intencionales o negligentes o actos de omisi n de la COMPA  A u otros ocupantes del Parque Industrial PITSA, incluyendo pero no limitando a cualquier falla de obra o cualquier interrupci n de cualquier servici  p blico dentro o alrededor de la Propiedad Arrendada. La COMPA  A reconoce que las adiciones, reemplazos y reparaciones al Parque Industrial PITSA ser n realizadas de tiempo en tiempo, previsto que los mismos no interferir n con el uso y goce de la Propiedad Arrendada por la COMPA  A.  

XVII.   
 
  INDEMNIZACI N.     

  La COMPA  A acuerda a indemnizar y deslindar de responsabilidad a PITSA de cualquier muerte o da o a terceras personas, o da o en propiedad ajena, los cuales surjan por actos negligentes o de omisi n por parte de la COMPA  A, o sus contratantes, licenciados, agentes, invitados o empleados, que ocurran dentro o por los linderos de la Propiedad Arrendada, as  como cubrir todos los costes y gastos, incluyendo los honorarios de abogados en los que se incurran.  
  PITSA indemnizar  y deslindar  de responsabilidad a la COMPA  A de cualquier muerte, heridas o da os a la propiedad de la COMPA  A o sus agentes o empleados, as  como de cualquier responsabilidad de muerte o da os a terceras personas o da o en propiedad ajena mientras legalmente recaiga sobre la Propiedad Arrendada, las cuales ocurran por razones de negligencia o actos de omisi n de PITSA, sus agentes o empleados, as  como cubrir todos los gastos generados incluyendo los honorarios de abogados en los que se incurran.  

XVIII.   
 
  AVISOS.     

  Todos los avisos bajo este Contrato de Arrendamiento deber n enviarse y dirigirse a las partes mencionadas en las Declaraciones anteriores o a cualquier otra direcci n las cuales se generen de tiempo en tiempo por las partes que se mencionan en el documento. Tales avisos deber n de estar por escrito y deber n de otorgarse (7) d as de gracias despu s de la fecha de env o por correo, o entrega personal de ser posible para dar acuse de recibido. Deber n enviarse avisos por duplicado y por correo a reo certificado, con timbre prepagado a dichas direcciones seg n sea requerido de tiempo en tiempo por escrito por las partes que integran este documento.  

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 8  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

XIX.   
 
        FALTAS DE LA COMPA  A.     

A.   
 
  Cada uno de los siguientes puntos ser n Faltas de la COMPA  A.     

1.   
 
  Abandono o desalojo de la Propiedad Arrendada. PITSA considerar  el edificio abandonado cuando la COMPA  A cierre sus operaciones, d  por terminadas las relaciones laborales con sus empleados y se abstenga de realizar los pagos de renta por uno o m s meses. Bajo tales circunstancias, PITSA puede proceder a tomar el edificio despu s de notificar a la COMPA  A bajo los t rminos que se describen, y cuando no se haya recibido ninguna respuesta dentro de un per odo de quince (15) d as posteriores a la fecha de notificaci n. Para tal prop sito, PITSA, como lo expresa el documento, est  autorizada por la COMPA  A     a requerir a una corte competente, bajo la jurisdicci n voluntaria, de proceder a dar posesi n del edificio utilizando cualquier medio legal provisto por ley, as  como renunciar la COMPA  A a su derecho de reclamar adeudos antes del aviso de desalojo. Este procedimiento deber  ser observado independientemente de cualquier otro recurso de ley de PITSA, tal como se menciona en el documento. Consecuentemente, la COMPA  A expresa su consentimiento y se submite a tal acci n, renunciando expresamente de tomar alguna acci n para reclamar o demandar a PITSA y/o a sus representantes por tal ocupaci n, as  como del reclamo por p rdidas o da os de cualquier naturaleza.     

2.   
 
  La omisi n de pago de cualquier adeudo de renta descrita en el presente documento una vez que la fecha se cumpla, como se describe en la Cl usula  V  p rrafo  A  de este Contrato, sin necesidad de notificaci n de ning n tipo;     

3.   
 
  La omisi n de cumplir en cualquier momento los acuerdos u obligaciones de este documento, tal evasi n, a excepci n del pago de rentas, continuar n por quince (15) d as despu s de la notificaci n por escrito de parte de PITSA a la COMPA  A (o por cualquier per odo razonable necesario para la COMPA  A para cubrir tal Evasi n expresada por PITSA);     

4.   
 
  Una disposici n general de la COMPA  A por el beneficio de cr ditos;     

5.   
 
  La requisici n de una petici n voluntaria de bancarrota de la COMPA  A o la requisici n de una petici n involuntaria del cr dito de la COMPA  A, si dicha petici n permanece con adeudo por un per odo de sesenta (60) d      

6.   
 
  La cita de un Consultivo para tomar posesi n de substancialmente todo los bienes de la COMPA  A o de la Propiedad Arrendada, si dicha demanda permanece vigente o efectiva por un per odo de treinta (30) d  o     

7.   
 
  La omisi n de la COMPA  A en cumplir en alguna o todas las leyes o reglamentos aplicables de cualquier Agencia Ambiental del Gobierno de M xico, en relaci n con el uso u operaci n de cualquier equipo de la COMPA  A que pudiera considerarse como contaminante por tal Dependencia Gubernamental, as  como la falta en cumplir con alguna o todas las recomendaciones dadas por tal Dependencia Gubernamental en relaci n con la misma.     

B.   
 
  Bajo la acci n o realizaci n de cualquiera de las Faltas, PITSA tendr  el derecho, a su consideraci n, y en adici n a otros derechos o enmiendas otorgadas por la ley, el incluir el derecho de demanda por da os, para as  inmediatamente rescindir este Contrato de Arrendamiento y desalojar a la COMPA  A de la Propiedad Arrendada, independientemente del derecho otorgado bajo el p rrafo A-1) de estas Cl usulas     

XX.   
 
  DERECHO DE RESOLUCI N DE FALTAS.     

  En el caso de una falta de la COMPA  A en algunos de los t rminos o declaraciones de este documento (a excepci n del pago de rentas y cuotas de mantenimiento) PITSA puede, sin ninguna obligaci n, en cualquier momento, despu s de diez (10) d as previo aviso por escrito, resolver tales faltas u omisiones o de realizar reparaciones a la Propiedad Arrendada, a cuenta y gastos de la COMPA  A. Si PITSA, por raz n de estas faltas u omisiones, paga cualquier cantidad de dinero o se ve forzada en incurrir en gastos de honorarios legales, dichas sumas, pagos incurridos con intereses y da os, deber n ser pagados por la COMPA  A a PITSA el primer d a de cada mes despu s de incurridos tales gastos.  
  Si cualquier adeudo de renta u otro pago no se cubre inmediatamente a su vencimiento, generar  un inter s del cinco (5%) por ciento mensual a partir de la fecha de su vencimiento hasta cubrirse en su totalidad. Esta declaraci n no tiene la intenci n de liberar a la COMPA  A de cualquier falta al realizar cualquier pago en su tiempo y forma como se expresa en este documento. El inter s generado, gastos y da os deber n ser rescatados por la COMPA  A por el ejercicio del derecho de PITSA a recuperar los da os descritos en la Cl usula XX.  
  Nada del contenido de la Cl usula XX afecta el derecho de PITSA a ser indemnizada por la COMPA  A de acuerdo con la Cl usula XVIII anterior, por las responsabilidades que surjan de la terminaci n de este Contrato de Arrendamiento por da os personales o da os en propiedad ajena.  

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 9  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

XXI.   
 
      RENUNCIA     

  En el caso de que PITSA o la COMPA  A no obligue a la otra en cumplir con las obligaciones descritas, tal acci n u omisi n no deber  ser interpretada como renuncia o una subsiguiente falta de la misma o cualquier otra declaraci n. Cualquier consentimiento o aprobaci n no ser  causa de renuncia o dem rito o abandono innecesario del consentimiento o aprobaci n de cualquier acto subsiguiente o similar por la COMPA  A o PITSA.  

XXII.   
 
  CERTIFICADOS.     

  Dentro de los diez (10) d as posteriores a la recepci n de la solicitud por escrito emitida por PITSA, la COMPA  A debe entregar a PITSA una declaraci n por escrito certificando que esta Propiedad Arrendada no ser  modificada y que tiene pleno efecto y validez (o si hubiere modificaciones, que tales gozan de plena validez y efecto seg n se modifiquen); las fechas en las que la renta y otros cargos sean pagadas por adelantado; y que las mejoras de PITSA han sido satisfactoriamente terminadas, es la intenci n de que tal declaraci n pueda recaer y dar confianza a cualquier persona, prospecto de compra o instituci n interesada en la Propiedad Arrendada.  

XXIII.   
 
  PER ODO   DE GRACIA.     

  Si la COMPA  A permaneciera en posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada, debido a la omisi n o negligencia de la COMPA  A, despu s del vencimiento de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, la COMPA  A deber  pagar a PITSA una pena convencional mensual igual al ciento veinte por ciento (120%) de la cantidad de la renta mensual, al vencimiento de la fecha del Contrato de Arrendamiento hasta que la COMPA  A haya entregado a PITSA la posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada o a la realizaci n de un nuevo Contrato de Arrendamiento. Esta declaraci n no constituye ning n otorgamiento de ning n derecho a la COMPA  A a permanecer en posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada despu s del vencimiento del Plazo de Arrendamiento. La COMPA  A debe indemnizar a PITSA contra cualquier p rdida o responsabilidad resultante del retraso de la COMPA  A en devolver la Propiedad Arrendada, al vencimiento de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, renunciando a cualquier derecho otorgado por Ley.  

XXIV.   
 
  ENTREGA.     

  En el ultimo d a del plazo de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, o anterior a al terminaci n del mismo de acuerdo a otras declaraciones descritas, la COMPA  A deber  renunciar y entregar la Propiedad Arrendada, limpia de polvo, en buenas condiciones junto con cualquier alteraci n, adici n o mejoras que pudieran haberse realizado, excepto muebles, maquinaria y equipo perteneciente a la COMPA  A. Una vez terminado el Contrato de Arrendamiento, la COMPA  A, a menos que incurra en Faltas, deber  inmediatamente remover todo de su propiedad, y toda la propiedad que no sea removida se declarar  como abandonada por la COMPA  A. En cualquier momento la COMPA  A deber  reparar inmediatamente cualquier da o causado a la Propiedad Arrendada en el momento de remover toda propiedad de la COMPA  A.  

XXV.   
 
  OCUPACI N.     

  PITSA acuerda que la COMPA  A, una vez pagada la renta y cualquier otro cargo provisto en el presente documento y toda vez que cumpla con todos los t rminos y cl usulas de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, podr  pac ficamente y con todo goce de ley ocupar y disfrutar de la Propiedad Arrendada durante el Plazo de Arrendamiento.  

XXVI.   
 
  MISCEL NEOS.     

A.   
 
  Este documento contiene todos los acuerdos y condiciones establecidas entre las partes y no podr n ser modificadas oralmente o en cualquier forma m s que por acuerdo escrito debidamente firmado por los representantes autorizados de ambas partes.     

B.   
 
  Si cualquiera de los t rminos, convenios, condiciones o cl usulas de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, o la aplicaci n de los mismos a cualquier persona o circunstancia, pudiera por cualquier motivo ser revocada por una corte de jurisdicci n competente, ser invalidada, vetada o no aplicable, el remanente de los t rminos, convenios, condiciones o cl usulas de este Contrato de Arrendamiento o la aplicaci n del mismo a cualquier persona o circunstancia, deber  permanecer en plena validez y efecto y no deber  en ninguna forma ser afectado, demeritado o invalidado.     

C.   
 
  En el caso de que cualquiera de las partes inicien una acci n contra la otra parte por la posesi n de la Propiedad Arrendada, o por la recuperaci n de cualquier adeudo o suma aqu  descrita, o debido a la Falta u omisi n de cualquier convenio de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, la parte prevaleciente tendr  el derecho de solicitar de la otra parte la cobertura de los costos relevantes y gastos realizados, incluyendo aquellos generados por honorarios legales.     

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 10  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

D.   
 
        Cada pago y obligaci n requerida por este Contrato de Arrendamiento, deber  ser pagado en la fecha especificada para dicho efecto y no se permitir  ninguna extensi n ni pr rroga.     

E.   
 
  Los T tulos y Subt tulos de las Cl usulas de este documento no tendr n ning n efecto en su interpretaci n de los t rminos y cl usulas contenidas dentro de este Contrato de Arrendamiento.     

F.   
 
  La COMPA IA declara y promete entregar a PITSA en la fecha indicada en este Contrato de Arrendamiento una cantidad equivalente a tres meses de renta, como dep sito en garant a para cumplir con las obligaciones asumidas por la COMPA  A en el presente documento. Se entiende que dicho dep sito no constituye las rentas ni se aplicar  como pago de rentas, y ser  reembolsado por completo a la COMPA  A por PITSA una vez concluido el Contrato de Arrendamiento, toda vez que la COMPA  A muestre evidencia satisfactoria de que todas las obligaciones han sido cumplidas. De lo contrario, PITSA esta expresamente autorizado para utilizar dicho dep sito para cubrir las cantidades adeudadas a PITSA bajo cualquier t tulo descrito.     

G.   
 
  Las partes acuerdan que este Contrato de Arrendamiento debe gobernarse por las Leyes del Estado de Baja California. Para todo lo concerniente a la interpretaci n y cumplimiento de este Contrato de Arrendamiento, las partes aqu  se aladas expresan submitirse a la jurisdicci n de la Corte Civil de la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, expresamente renunciando a cualquier otra Jurisdicci n la cual pudiera ser aplicable por razones de sus domicilios presentes o futuros o cualquier otro.     

H.   
 
  Cuando por consentimiento de cualquiera de las partes, por escrito u otra manera, sea requerido como condici n para la ejecuci n de cualquier acto por la otra parte, tal parte acuerda a no otorgar dicho consentimiento arbitrariamente.     

I.   
 
  Cada parte debe ejecutar tales documentos como lo solicite la otra parte, pero s lo en el entendido de que el efecto de dichos documentos es el de dar validez legal a los derechos establecidos en este Contrato de Arrendamiento.     

J.   
 
  El someter este documento a revisi n o firma por la COMPA  A no constituye reservaci n, o una opci n de renta, y no ser  efectivo como Contrato de Arrendamiento hasta su ejecuci n y entrega por PITSA y la COMPA  A.     

K.   
 
  Este Contrato de Arrendamiento y cada una de sus Cl usulas y condiciones deber n ser requisitos necesarios y tendr  efecto a beneficio de las partes y sus respectivos sucesores o asignados, sujetos a las cl usulas aqu  descritas. En cualquier momento dentro de ese Contrato de Arrendamiento se hace una referencia a PITSA, tal referencia deber  ser juzgada como referencia a la persona en que el inter s de la arrendadora deber  investir. Cualquier sucesor o asignado de la COMPA  A quien acepte un designio del beneficio de este Contrato de Arrendamiento y entre en posesi n de la ocupaci n aqu  descrita, por lo tanto deber  asumir y acordar realizar y ser sujeto de todas las condiciones y convenios aqu  se alados.     

L.   
 
  PITSA establece y acuerda con la COMPA  A que, de ser requerido por la COMPA  A, PITSA deber  construir cualquier mejora adicional en el edificio seg n sea requerido por la COMPA  A en forma y lugar, con el prop sito de que la COMPA  A pueda proveer a PITSA con alg n o todos los planos y especificaciones referentes a tales mejoras. En tal evento, ambas partes acuerdan en negociar de buena fe, el coste, tiempo y calendarizaci n de finalizaci n de obra, pertenencia de tales mejoras y otros t rminos y condiciones aqu  descritas. PITSA tendr  diez (10) d as h biles despu s de haber recibido los planos y especificaciones, a fin de dar su aprobaci n o requerir modificaciones. La COMPA  A debe realizar y entregar cualquier modificaci n se alada por PITSA para su aprobaci n final.     

M.   
 
  Este Contrato y cada uno de sus cl usulas y anexos como formatos, son  nica y exclusivamente para el uso de PITSA con sus arrendatarios. Su contenido no podr  ser divulgado o utilizado para ning n otro prop sito a otras partes.     

N.   
 
  Todas las declaraciones mencionadas en el presente documento, deber n ser firmadas por todas las partes involucradas y deber n forzosamente estar adjuntas con el Contrato de Arrendamiento.     

O.   
 
    Opci n de Compra. La COMPA  A tiene el derecho de opci n de compra de las Premisas Arrendadas en una Subasta de Mercado, la cual     ser  determinada por propia consideraci n realizada por cada una de las     partes. La opci n de compra otorgada en esta secci n ser  ejercida por     medio de una notificaci n a PITSA por la COMPA  A, al menos 120     d as antes del vencimiento del Plazo Inicial de Arrendamiento, como se     define en el documento, en el entendido de que la falta de tiempo de la     notificaci n escrita libera a PITSA de tal obligaci n, est  claramente     entendido que el per odo de 120 d as se establece de tal manera que     permite a la COMPA  A ejercer tal derecho y formalizar la compra.     Cualquier extensi n establecida o t rminos y condiciones ser n     negociadas y acordadas por escrito por las partes.     

P.   
 
  Este Contrato de Arrendamiento deber  ejercerse en ambos lenguajes: Ingles y Espa ol. En el caso de cualquier inconsistencia entre tales versiones, la Versi n en Ingles prevalecer .     

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 11  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

DANDO FE DE LO ESTIPULADO, las partes han ejercido este Contrato de Arrendamiento en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Estando de Baja California, M xico, siendo el 1ro. de junio de dos mil.  

PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL DE TIJUANA, S.A. DE C.V.   

LEACH INTERNACIONAL M XICO, S.A. DE C.V.   

(Firma Ilegible)   

(Firma Ilegible)   

Jaime Roberts Vild sola   

Dennos Sherey   

Representante Legal   

Representante Legal   

Testigos:  
  (sin firma)   

(sin firma)   

(Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Jaime  
 
 (Firma Ilegible al calce) 
 Sr. Brostek  
 
 12  

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUCTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
  24 de junio de 200 5 

ENMIENDA AL CONTRATO DE ARRENDEMIENTO  
 ACUERDO MODIFICATORIO al Contrato de Arrendamiento celebrado por y entre PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL DE TIJUANA, S.A. de C.V., llamada en adelante como  PITSA , representada por el Sr. Jaime Roberts Vild sola, y LEACH INTERNACIONAL DE M XICO, S. de R.L. de C.V., llamada en adelante como  COMPA  A , representada por su representante legal, el Sr. Grez Brostek, el cual esta formado de acuerdo con las siguientes declaraciones y cl usulas: 
 DECLARACIONES: 
 Ambas partes declaran: 

I.   
 
 PITSA y la COMPA   A  han celebrado un Contrato de Arrendamiento con fecha 1ro. de junio, 2000, en donde PITSA le arrenda un edificio modular a la COMPA  A, localizado en el Parque Industrial Bajamar EL  guila, con una  rea construida de aproximadamente 91,590.08 pies cuadrados, en adelante llamada como  Edificio Industrial PITSA .    

II.   
 
 PITSA y la COMPA  A desean establecer un Acuerdo Modificatorio a fin de enmendar los t rminos y condiciones del Contrato de Arrendamiento, los cuales se establecen abajo, ya que la COMPA  A desea extender el Plazo de Arrendamiento y agregar 2,406 pies cuadrados de mezanine a los 61,060.08 pies cuadrados utilizados en este momento por la COMPA  A.    

III.   
 
  En lo referido dentro del Contrato en la Cl usula IV, ellos acuerdan el t rmino de renta por un per odo de (7) a  la COMPA  A aqu  se ala que desea extender ese per odo por diez (10) a os, iniciando el 1ro de abril, de 2005 y concluyendo el 31 de marzo, 2015.     

IV.   
 
  PITSA requiere que se realice un dep sito adicional equivalente a US$14,022.36 (catorce mil veintid s d lares americanos 36/100 US) mas I.V.A. por la extensi n del Plazo de Arrendamiento en garant a para cumplir con las obligaciones asumidas en este documento por la COMPA  A.     

 Ahora, por lo tanto, en consideraci n de las siguientes declaraciones y el contrato, convenios y condiciones contenidas en el mismo, las partes acuerdan como sigue: 
 CL USULAS: 
 PRIMERA: PLAZO DE ARRENDAMIENTO. Bajo los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en el Contrato de Arrendamiento, el t rmino sobre los 63,466.08 pies cuadrados (incluyendo el mezanine), ser  extendido a diez (10) a os, obligando a las partes, a iniciar el 1ro de abril, 2005 y finalizando el 31 de marzo, 2015. Se entiende y acuerda que la COMPA  A tiene la opci n de extender el t rmino aqu  se alado despu s de su terminaci n, por dos (2) t rminos adicionales de cinco (5) a os cada uno, siendo obligatoria para las partes. 
 SEGUNDO: RENTA. 

A.   
 
 Arrendamiento. Como renta fija por el Arrendamiento del edificio de expansi n durante el Plazo de Arrendamiento aqu  descrito, la COMPA  A debe pagar a PITSA la cantidad de US$26,655.75 (veintis is mil seiscientos cincuenta y cinco d lares americanos 75/100 US) por mes mas I.V.A. (corresponde a US$0.42 centavos por pie cuadrado del  rea construida por mes mas I.V.A.) pagadera a PITSA en la direcci n de PITSA, el primer d a de cada mes.    

Tal cuota deber  ser ajustada anualmente para reflejar el  ndice de Precios del Consumidor del Condado de Orange-Riverside-Los  ngeles cada aniversario del plazo de arrendamiento. El ajuste de renta no ser  menor al  2%  y no exceder  el 4.5% por a o.    

Si dicha renta no es cubierta en diez (10) d as despu s del primer d a de cada mes, ser  moratoria y las cuotas de penalizaci n se aplicar n a raz n del 5% mensual, pagadera precisamente en moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am rica.     

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUOTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
 24 de junio de 2005 

TERCERO: DEP SITO DE ANTICIPO. La COMPA  A deber  realizar un dep sito a PITSA, una vez ejercido el Contrato, la cantidad de US$14,022.36 (catorce mil veintid s d lares americanos 36/100US) mas I.V.A. como dep sito en garant a para cumplir con las obligaciones asumidas en este documento por la COMPA  A, incluyendo pero no limitado al pago de las rentas, las cuales ser n reembolsadas a la COMPA  A por PITSA una vez concluido el Contrato de Arrendamiento, toda vez que la COMPA  A muestre evidencia de que todas las obligaciones han sido cumplidas; de otra manera, PITSA esta expresamente autorizada a utilizar tal dep sito para cubrir los adeudos de cualquier t tulo a PITSA.  
  CUARTO: GARANT A. Es claramente entendible que PITSA ha sido inducida en celebrar el Acuerdo Modificatorio con la COMPA  A, debido a las garant as demostradas por la COMPA  A. Consecuentemente, la COMPA  A debe asegurar que la garant a bajo la forma del Anexo  A , adjunto a este documento, se dio por Esterline Technologies una Corporaci n Americana ( AVAL ), para asegurar la adherencia por la COMPA  A a todas las condiciones, convenios, obligaciones, incluyendo esas concernientes con la aplicaci n de mecanismos de restauraci n en el evento de que incurra la COMPA  A en da os Ambientales y Contaminaci n de la Propiedad Arrendada, as  como responsabilidades y acuerdos establecidos en este Contrato de Arrendamiento con fecha 1ro. De junio de 2000.  
  QUINTO: las partes acuerdan que este Acuerdo Modificatorio debe s lo modificar las declaraciones mencionadas anteriormente, todas las dem s cl usulas y declaraciones deber n permanecer vigentes y sin cambios. El Contrato de Arrendamiento Anteriormente celebrado por las parte el 1ro de junio, 2000 deber  gobernar por sobre cualquier tenia relacionado a este Contrato de Arrendamiento, el cual no esta espec ficamente domiciliado.  
  DANDO FE DE LO ESTIPULADO en ese documento se firma por duplicado en la Ciudad de Tijuana Baja California, el 23 de marzo del a o dos mil cinco.  

PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL DE  
  TIJUANA, S.A. DE C.V.   

LEACH INTERNACIONAL M XICO,  
  S.A. DE C.V.   

(firma Ilegible)  
  Jaime Roberts Vild sola  
  Representante Legal   

(firma Ilegible)  
  Grez Brostek  
  Representante Legal   

Testigos:  
  (firma Ilegible)   

(firma Ilegible)   

L pez Palomino Araiza   

Christian Zak   

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUOTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
 24 de junio de 2005 

ANEXO  A   
 GARANT A 
 El abajo firmante Esterline Technologies una Corporaci n Americana, (de ahora en adelante llamada  AVAL ), en consideraci n de las Premisas de arrendamiento descritas en el Contrato de Arrendamiento (llamado en adelante como  Contrato de Arrendamiento ) el cual tiene Fecha de Inicio del 1ro de abril. 2005, entre PROMOTORA INDUSTRIAL DE TIJUANA S.A. de C.V.., una corporaci n Mexicana, con direcci n en el km, 10.5 Carretera a San Lu s R.C., Mexicali, B.C., M xico, como due o de la propiedad (en adelante llamado  Arrendador ), y LEACH INTERNACIONAL DE M XICO, S. de R.L. de C.Y., una corporaci n Mexicana, como inquilino (en adelante llamado  Arrendatario ), aqu  convienen y acuerdan con lo siguiente: 

A)   
 
 El abajo firmante establece incondicionalmente garantizar por completo, de buena fe el pago oportuno y desempe o del Arrendatario, de todos los pagos, convenios y otras obligaciones del Arrendatario bajo la obligaci n del Contrato de Arrendamiento. Si el Arrendatario falta en tiempo y forma en el pago de cualquier renta, o cualquier otra suma, costos o cargos, incluyendo esos concernientes con la aplicaci n de los mecanismos de restauraci n en el evento de un da o ambiental y contaminaci n de la Propiedad Arrendada, o en el desarrollo de cualquiera de los otros convenios y obligaciones del Arrendatario bajo el cumplimiento del Contrat  de Arrendamiento y falta a remediar tales omisiones dentro del tiempo provisto en el Contrato de Arrendamiento, entonces el Aval, a su propio coste, debe bajo demanda del Arrendador, completa y r pidamente, as  como en tiempo y forma, pagar todas las rentas, sumas, costes y cargos que debieran ser pagados por el Arrendatario al cumplimiento del Contrato de Arrendamiento, as  como las obligaciones a ser desarrolladas por el Arrendatario bajo el cumplimiento del Contrato de Arrendamiento; en adici n, bajo demanda del Arrendador pagar al Arrendador cualquier y todas las sumas que se adeuden durante el cumplimiento del Contrato de Arrendamiento incluyendo todos los intereses y cargos tard os sobre deudas y obligaciones antiguas del Arrendatario, los costos razonables del Arrendador, as  como todos los da os y gastos razonables (incluyendo los honorarios de los abogados y costos de litigaci n), que pudieran surgir como consecuencia de las Faltas del Arrendatario.    

B)   
 
 Las obligaciones del Aval aqu  descritas son independientes de las obligaciones del Arrendatario. Una acci n o acciones separadas pueden, en la opini n del Arrendador, ser fincadas contra el Aval, ya sea que la acci n o no, sea la primera o subsiguiente fincada en contra del Arrendatario, o bien si el Arrendatario se involucra o no a dicha acci n  y  el Aval puede involucrarse en cualquier acci n o procedimiento iniciado por el Arrendador en contra del Arrendatario por consecuencias de, en conexi n con o bas ndose en el Contrato de Arrendamiento. El Aval renuncia a cualquier derecho de requerir al Arrendador a proceder en contra del Arrendatario u obligar a tomar cualquier otra atribuci n de alg n poder del Arrendador, cualquier derecho a demandar por retraso en el desempe o del Arrendador y/o antes de la acci n por el Arrendador de cualquier naturaleza en contra del Arrendatario o viceversa. El Aval expresamente renuncia a todas las defensas las cuales pudieran constituir un cargo equilibrando una obligaci n o sanci n y reconoce que tiene conocimiento de que sus obligaciones bajo estas garant as no est n sujetas a ninguna reducci n, limitaci n, disminuci n, liberaci n o terminaci n por ninguna raz n (otra que la de el pago inherente y desempe o completo de todos los adeudos de rentas y o ros pagos por el Arrendatario bajo este Contrato de Arrendamiento)    

C)   
 
 Esta garant a deber  de permanecer y continuar vigente y con todo efecto y no deber  disminuir en parte o por completo (ya sea antes o despu s de su ejecuci n) sobre cualquier alteraci n, renovaci n, extensi n, modificaci n, enmienda o asignaci n de o subarrendamiento a, del Contrato de Arrendamiento. El abajo firmante renuncia a cualquiera de los avisos siguientes y acuerda que la responsabilidad del abajo firmante debe basarse en las obligaciones del Arrendatario derivadas del Contrato de Arrendamiento de manera en que el mismo pueda ser alterado, renovado, extendido, modificado, enmendado o asignado. Para el prop sito de esta garant a y las obligaciones y responsabilidades de los abajo firmantes, el   Arrendatario  esta obligado a incluir cualquier o todas las asignaciones, subarrendamientos, permisos u otros directa o indirectamente operando o conduciendo un negocio en o de las Premisas, tan ampliamente como si cualquiera de las mismas fueran llamadas Arrendatarios bajo el Contrato de Arrendamiento.    

D)   
 
 Las obligaciones del abajo firmante deben de permanecer en pleno ejercicio a pesar de que el Arrendador pudiera renunciar a una o mas Faltas por el Arrendatario, extender el tiempo de desarrollo por el Arrendatario o liberar, regresar o no aplicar otro colateral en cualquier momento como seguridad para las obligaciones del Arrendatario.    

E)   
 
 Esta garant a debe permanecer en pleno ejercicio y efecto a pesar de la instituci n de o en Contra del Arrendatario, como banca rota, reorganizaci n, reajuste, recibimiento o procedimientos de insolvencia de cualquier naturaleza, o la renuncia del Contrato de Arrendamiento en tales procedimientos o viceversa.    

F)   
 
 Los t rminos neutros deben adem s referirse, donde sea aplicable, al g nero femenino y al masculino; y la referencia singular debe tambi n incluir el plural de cualquier palabra si el contexto lo requiere.    

G)   
 
 Esta garant a debe aplicar a, obligar a y forzar a el beneficio de poseedor, ejecutor, administrador, representantes, sucesores y asignados del Arrendador y el abajo firmante. El Arrendador puede, sin previo aviso, asignar esta garant a toda o en parte, en adici n con las asignaciones del Arrendador sobre sus intereses bajo el Acuerdo de Arrendamiento.    

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUOTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
 24 de junio de 2005 

H)   
 
        En el caso de que el Arrendador pudiera instituir cualquier demanda en contra del abajo firmante por violaci n de una obligaci n de cualquiera de los celebrantes o condiciones de esta garant a, o forzar cualquier derecho del Arrendador aqu  descrito, o ya sea el abajo firmante instituye cualquier demanda en contra del Arrendador que surja de o en conexi n con esta garant a, o cualquiera de las partes instituye una demanda en contra de la otra por declaraci n de derechos descritos en este documento, o cualquier parte interviene en cualquier demanda en la cual la otra es una parte que se protege o refuerza su inter s o derechos establecidos, la parte prevaleciente en cualquiera de las demandas mencionadas deber  cubrir las cuotas de los abogados en cantidades razonables, las cuales ser n determinadas por la corte y gravada con impuestos como parte de los costes descritos en este documento.     

I)   
 
 El ejercicio de esta garant a antes de la ejecuci n del Contrato de Arrendamiento no debe invalidar esta garant a o aminorar las obligaciones del Aval aqu  descritas.    

J)   
 
 Esta garant a esta hecha de acuerdo a, y debe ser interpretada y aplicada de acuerdo con las Leyes del Estado de California.    

 DANDO FE DE LO ESTIPULADO, los abajo firmantes lo firman y autorizan esta garant a el 24 de marzo de 2005. 

Aval   

(firma Ilegible)   

Sr. Robert George   

Esterline Technologies   

Testigo   

(firma Ilegible)   

Estado de Washington  
  Condado de King  
  El presente instrumento fue tra do ante m  el 24 de marzo de 2005, por el Sr Robert D.     George quien personalmente me conoce.  

(firma Ilegible)   

Firma del Notario   

D.  H. Rynhound   

Notario P blico, Estado de Washington   

Mi Comisi n Expira el 21 de noviembre de 2008.   

TRADUCIDO POR: OZMIN ZARATE HILTY, PERITO TRADUOTOR DE LA JUDICATURA GENERAL DEL ESTADO DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 
 24 de junio de 2005 

EXHIBIT A  
  GUARANTY  
 The Undersigned Esterline Technologies an American corporation, (hereinafter referred to as  Guarantor ), in consideration of the leasing of the Premises described in that certain Lease (hereinafter referred to as  Lease ) which Commencement Date is on April 1st, 2005, between  Promotora Industrial de Tijuana S.A. de C.V.,  a Mexican Corporation, whose address is Km, 10.5 Carretera a San Luis R.C. Mexicali, B.C. M xico, as Landlord (hereinafter referred to as  Landlord ), and  Leach International de M xico S. de R.L. de C.V.,  a Mexican Corporation, as tenant (hereinafter referred to as  Tenant ), does hereby convenant and agree as follows. 

A)   
 
 The Undersigned does hereby unconditionally guarantee the full, faithful and timely payment and performance by Tenant of all of the payments, covenants and other obligations of Tenant under the pursuant of the Lease. If Tenant shall fail at any time in the payment of any rent, ot any other sums, costs, or changes, including those concerning with the application of the mechanisms of restoration in the event of an environmental damage and contamination of the leased property whatsoever or in the performance of any of the other convenants and obligations of Tenant under or pursuant to the Lease and fail to cure such default within the time provided in the Lease, then the Guarantor, at its expense, shall on demand of Landlord fully and promptly, and well and truly, pay all rent, sums, costs and charges to be paid by Tenant under or pursuant to the Lease as obligations to be performed by Tenant under or pursuant to the Lease and, in addition, shall on Landlord s demand pay to Landlord any and all sums due to Landlord pursuant to the lease including all interest and late charges on past charges and past due obligations of Tenant reasonable costs advanced by Landlord, and all damages and reasonable expenses (including attorney fees and litigation costs), that may arise in consequence of Tenant s default.    

B)   
 
 The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder are independent of, the obligations of Tenant. A separate action or actlons may, at Landlord s option, be brought and prosecuted against the Guarantor, whether or not any action is first or subsequently brought against Tenant, or whether or not Tenant is joined in any such action, and Guarantor may be joined in any action or proceeding commenced by Landlord against Tenant arising out of, in connection with or based upon the Lease. The Guarantor waives any right to require Landlord to proceed against Tenant or pursue any other remedy in Landlord s power whatsoever, any right to complain of delay in the enforcement of Landlord and/or prior action by Landlord of any nature whatsoever against Tenant, or otherwise. Guarantor hereby expressly waives all defenses which might constitute a legal or equitable discharge of a surety or obligor, and acknowledges that its obligations under this guaranty are not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment discharge or termination for any reason (other than indefeasible payment and performance in full of all rents and other payments due and payable by the Lessee under the Lease).    

C)   
 
 This Guaranty shall remain and continue in full force and effect and shall not be discharged in whole or in part norwithstanding (whether prior or subsequent to the execution hereof) any alteration, renewal, extension, modification, amendment ar assignment of or subletting permitted under, the Lease, The undersigned hereby waives notices of any of the foregoing, and agrees that the liability of the undersigned hereunder shall be based upon the obligations, of Tenant set forth in the Lease as the same may be altered, renewed, extended, modified, amended or assigned for the purpose of this Guaranty and the obligations and liabilities of the undersigned hereunder,  Tenant  shall be deemed to include any and all assignees, subtenants, permittees or others directly or indirectly operating or conducting a business in or from the Premises, as fully as if any of the same were the named Tenant under the Lease.    

D)   
 
 The undersigned s obligations hereunder shall remain fully binding although Landlord may have waived one or more defaults by Tenant, extended the time of performance by Tenant or released. returned or misapplied other collateral at any time given as security for Tenant s obligations.    

E)   
 
 This Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the institution by or against Tenant of bankruptey, reorganizaiton, readjustment, receivership, or insolveney proceedings of any nature, or the disaffirmance of the Lease in any such proceedings or otherwise.    

F)   
 
 Neuter teams should also refer, where applicable, to the ferninine gender and the masculine gender; and the singular reference shall also include the plural of any word if the context so requires.    

G)   
 
 This Guaranty shall be applicable to, binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, representatives, succcssors and assigns of Landlord and the undersigned. Landlord may, without notice, assign this Guaranty in whole or in part in connection with Landlord s assignment of its interest under the Lease.    

H)   
 
        In the event that Landlord should institute any suit against the undersigned for violation of or to enforce any the convenants or conditions of this Guaranty or to enforce any right of Landlord hereunder, or should the undersigned institute any suit against Landlord arising out of or in connection with this Guaranty, or should either party institute a suit against the other for a declaration of rights hereunder, or should either party intervene in any suit in which the other is a party to enforce or protect its interest or rights hereunder, the prevailing party in any such suit shall be entitled to the fees of its attorney (s) in the reasonable amount thereof, to be determined by the court and taxed as a part of the costs therein.     

I)   
 
 The execution of this Guaranty prior to execution of the Lease shall not invalidate this Guaranty or lessen the obligations of Guarantor (s) hereunder.    

J)   
 
 This Guaranty is made pursuant to, and shall be interpreted and applied in accordance with, the Laws of the State of California.    

 IN THE WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned hereby signs and authorizes this Guaranty this 24th day of March 2005. 

Guarantor  

/s/  Mr. Robert   George   

Mr. Robert   George   

Esterline Technologies   

WITNESSES   

/s/ D. H. Rynhoud   

State of  Washingto n 
 County of  King  
 The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me on this  24th  day of   March 2005,  by  Robert D. George  who is personally known to me. 

/s/  D. H. Rynhoud   

Signature of Notary   

D. H. Rynhoud   

Notary Public, State of Washington  
  My Commission Expires Novemher 21, 2008.   

TERCER ADDENDUM   al Contrato de Arrendamiento que celebran por una parte   INMOBILIARIA PROMOTORA, S.A. DE C.V.,   de aqui en adelante descrito como el    ARRENDADOR   , representado por el Sr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, y   LEACH INTERNATIONAL DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.,   de aqui en adelante referido como el    ARRENDATARIO   , representado por su representante legal, Sr Jesus Aristeo Gonzalez Dominguez, y con el conocimiento de Esterline Technologies Corporation de aqul en adelante referido como    GARANTE   , representado por su representante legal John H. Danley, en t rminos de las siguientes declaraciones y cl usulas:  
  DECLARACIONES:  
 Declaran ambas partes a trav s de sus representantes: 
 I.- Que Promotora Industrial de Tijuana, S.A de C.V. y el ARRENDATARIO celebraron un Contrato de Arrendamiento (en lo sucesivo referido como el Contrato de Arrendamiento) fechado el 1ero. de Junio de 2000 en el cual Promotora Industrial de Tijuana, S.A. de C.V. arrend  una propiedad al ARRENDATARIO, localizada en el Parque Industrial Bajamaq  EI Aguila , en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, con una superficie arrendada de 61,060.08 pies cuadrados, y del edificio ubicado en la misma y las mejoras. 
 II.- Que el 23 de Marzo de 2005, Promotora Industrial de Tijuana. S.A. de C.V. y el ARRENDATARIO, celebraron un Primer Addendum o Convenio Modificatorio al Contrato de Arrendamiento, con el fin de modificar la superficie arrendada a 63,466.08 pies cuadrados y renovar por diez (10) a os obligatorios comenzando el 1ero. de Abril del 2005 y concluyendo el 31 de Marzo del 2015. 
 III.- Que con fecha 30 de junio de 2012, Promotora Industrial de Tijuana, S.A de C.V. e Inmobiliaria Promotora, S.A. de C.V., celebraron un Convenio de Transmisi n de Derecho Real de Usufructo, por medio del cual el primero transmiti  el derecho real de usufructo respecto del predio donde se ubica la propiedad arrendada en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, as  como de las construcciones en el existentes, a favor de Inmobiliaria Promotora, S.A. de C.V., con lo que los darechos derivados del Contrato de Arrendamiento y del Primer Addendum o 

THIRD ADDENDUM  to the Lease Agreement entered into by and between  INMOBILIARIA PROMOTORA, S.A. DE C.V.,  hereinafter referred to as   LESSOR  , represented by Mr. Eduardo Mendoza Larios, and  LEACH INTERNATIONAL DE MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V.,  hereinafter referred to as   LESSEE   represented by   its legal representative, Mr. Jesus Aristeo Gonzalez Dominguez, with the presence and consent of Esterline Technologies Corporation hereinafter referred to as the   GUARANTOR  , represented by its legal representative John H. Danley, pursuant to the following RECITALS and CLAUSES: 
  RECITALS:  
 Both parties declare by means of their legal representatives, that: 
 I. That Promotora Industrial de Tijuana, S.A. de C.V. and LESSEE entered into a   Lease Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the  Lease Agreement ) dated on June 1 st , 2000, in which Promotora Industrial de Tijuana, S.A. de C.V. leased a property to LESSEE, located in Parque Industrial Bajamaq  El Aguila  in the city of Tijuana, Baja California, with a total leased area of 61,060.08 square feet, and the building located thereon and improvements. 
 II. That on March 23 rd , 2005, Promotora Industrial de Tijuana, S.A. de C.V. and LESSEE entered into a First Addendum to the Lease Agreement, in order to modify the leased surface to 63,466.08 square and extend the lease term for ten (10) years commencing on April 1st 2005 and ending on March 31 st   2015. 
 III. That on June 30 th  2012, Promotora Industrial de Tijuana, S.A. de C.V. and Inmobiliaria Promotora, S.A. de C.V., entered into a Usufruct Agreement by which the first transmitted the Rights of Usufruct in respect of the land where the leased property is located on, in the City of Tijuana, Baja California, as well as the constructions therein contained, in favor of Inmobiliaria Promotora, SA de CV, and also the rights arising under the Lease Agreement and the first Addendum.  

Convenio Modificatorio  
 IV.-Que con fecha 13 de Mayo, el ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO, celebraron un Segundo Addendum al Contrato de Arrendamiento para agregarlo como parte integral del Contrato de Arrendamiento, con el fin de renovar el t rmino del contrato, por un periodo adicional obligatorio para las partes de dos (2) meses comenzando el 1ero. de Abril de 2015 y concluyendo el 31 de Mayo de 2015. 
 V.- Que es su voluntad celebrar este Tercer Addendum, considerando los t rminos y condiciones que se mencionan a continuaci n, de acuerdo a la voluntad del ARRENDATARIO de renovar el t rmino del contrato, por un periodo adicional obligatorio para las partes da diez (10) a os por lo que el nuevo t rmino iniciar  el 1ero. de junio de 2015 y concluir  el 31 de Mayo de 2025 y a actualizar el precio de la renta. 
 VI.- Que los poderes de representaci n bajo los cuales ellos representan el ARRENDADOR y al ARRENDATARIO se encuentran todav a vigentes, y que los mismos no han sido revocados o limitados de ninguna manera, y consecuentemente los mismos se reconocen mutuamente su capacidad para todos los efectos legales. 
 En t rminos de lo anterior, las partes acuerdan como sigue: 
  C L   U S U L A S:  
 PRIMERA:  El ARRENDADOR y el ARRENDATARIO acuerdan extender el T rmino del Arrendamiento por uno nuevo t rmino adicional de diez (10) a os forzosos para las partes; por lo tanto el nuevo t rmino iniciar  el 1ro. de Junio del 2015 y finalizando el 31 de Mayo del 2025.  
 SEGUNDA:  A partir del 1ero. de Junio del 2015 el ARRENDATARIO pagar  al ARRENDADOR por concepto de renta de la Propiedad Arrendada, con superficie utilizable de 63,466.08 pies cuadrados, la cantidad mensual de $26,973.08 D lares (Veintis is mil novecientos setenta y tres,  

IV. That on May 13 th , LESSOR and LESSEE entered into a Second Addendum to the Lease Agreement to add it as an integral part of the Lease Agreement, to extend the Lease Term, for an additional two (2) month term, obligatory to the parties, commencing on April 1 st  2015 and ending on May 31 st  2015. 
 V. That it s their intention to execute this Third addendum, considering the terms and conditions listed below, according to the will of the LESSEE to extend the lease term for an additional term of ten (10) years, obligatory to the parties, hence the new term starts on the June 1st. 2015 and ends on May 31st 2025, and to update the price of the rent. 
 VI. That the powers of attorney under which LESSOR and LESSEE are represented are still in force, and that they have not been revoked or limited in any way, and consequently, they mutually acknowledge their faculties for all legal purposes. 
 Pursuant to the above the parties agree as follows: 
  C L A U S E S:  
 FIRST:  LESSOR and the LESSEE agree to extend the term of the lease for a new additional term of ten (10) years, obligatory for the parties; hence the new term starts on the June 1 st , 2015 and ending on May 31 st , 2025.  
 SECOND:  As of 1. June 2015, the LESSEE shall pay to LESSOR as rent of the Leased Property, with an usable area of 63,488.08 square feet, the monthly amount of $26,973.08 Dollars (Twenty six thousand nine hundred seventy three Dollars 08/100, legal currency in United States of America), at a rate of 0.425 USD (zero  

d lares 08/100, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica), a raz n de 0.425 D lares (cero punto cuatro, dos, cinco, D lares, Moneda de Curso Legal en los Estados Unidos de Am rica) por pie cuadrado de superficie arrendada al mes; m s el Impuesto al Valor Agregado que corresponda. Los cuales deber n ser pagados por adelantado al ARRENDADOR en el domicilio de este  ltimo, el primer d a de cada mes.  
 Dicha renta ser  ajustada anualmente para reflejar el Indice de Precios al Consumidor para el  rea de Los  ngeles-Riverside-Orange County, con una tasa que no ser  menor al dos por ciento (2%) ni exceder  el cuatro punto cinco por ciento (4.5) % anual, como se acord  en el Contrato de Arrendamiento y su Primer Addendum o Convenio Modificatorio. 
 Si dicha renta no se pagare dentro de los primeros diez (10) dias de cualquiera de los meses, se considerar  en mora y se cargar  un inter s moratorio a raz n del 5% mensual, pagaderos en moneda de los Estados Unidos de Am rica. 
 TERCERA:  En caso de que el ARRENDATARIO requiera que el ARRENDADOR lleve a     cabo cualesquier construcci n o mejoras, estas ser n negociadas caso por caso y sujetas a un Contrato de Construcci n adicional.  
 El ARRENDADOR ser  el  nico autorizado para construir cualesquier mejora, que ampl e la superficie rentable dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada, es decir, aquellas que aumenten la superficie utilizable dentro de la Propiedad Arrendada, cualquiera que sea su naturaleza, incluyendo pero no limitado a mezzanine, cafeter a, ampliaci n de oficinas, almacenes, laboratorios, cuartos de m quinas, planta de producci n y espacio de estacionamiento, que se consideraran por las partes como superficie rentable, y por consiguiente como parte de la Propiedad Arrendada bajo este Contrato, por lo cual el valor de renta de la misma ser  negociado oportunamente por el ARRENDADOR y el A RRENDATARIO, considerando  la superficie, su naturaleza, materiales de construcci n y acabados de la misma seg n su destino. En cualquier caso,  las anteriores precisiones y cualesquier otras necesarias constara n por escrito y ser n firmadas por 

point four, two, five, Dollars, legal currency of the United States of America) per square foot of leased area per month; plus the applicable Value Added Tax. Same that shall be paid in advance to LESSOR at the address of the latter, the first day of each month. 
 Such rent will be adjusted annually to reflect the Los Angeles-Riverside-Orange County Consumer price index, with a rate that will not be of less than two percent (2%) nor will exceed four point five percent (4.5%) annually, as agreed in the Lease and First Addendum. 
 If such rent is not paid within the first ten (10) days of any given month, it shall become delinquent will be considered arrears and will be charged a penalty interest at the rate of 5% per month, payable in money of the United States of America 
 THIRD:  If LESSEE requires the LESSOR to perform any construction or improvements, these will be negotiated on a case     by case basis and subject to a separate Construction Agreement.  
 LESSOR will be the only authorized to build any improvement that extend the usable area within the Leased Property, meaning those ones that increase the usable area within the Leased property, whatever nature it has, including but not limited to mezzanine, cafeteria, extensions of offices, warehouses, laboratories, mechanical rooms, production facility and parking space, which will be considered by the parties as a rental area, and therefore as part of the Leased Property under this Agreement, whereby the value of the rent will be be timely negotiated by the LESSOR and the LESSEE, considering the surface, its nature, building materials and finishes according to their destination. In any event, all such precisions and others necessary shall be agreed on writing and executed by the parties. 

las partes. 
 CUARTA: El GARANTE  en este acto, reconoce y declara que su Garant a descrita y referida tanto en el Contrato de Arrendamiento, como en su Primer y Segundo Addendum o Convenio Modificatorio, se mantiene vigente y efectiva, y es aplicable y extensiva al Contrato de Arrendamiento como     se modific  y extendi , por este Tercer Addendum.  
   
 QUINTA:  Todos los otros t rminos y condiciones del Contrato de Arrendamiento, garant a y sus convenios modificatorios y todas las dem s estipulaciones contenidas ah , se mantendr n y continuar n vigentes y v lidos como se describen en dichos documentos. De conformidad con lo anterior, las partes aqu  acuerdan que este Tercer Addendum deber  modificar  nicamente las provisiones aqu  descritas; todas las dem s provisiones deber n mantenerse vigentes y sin cambios. por lo que en este instrumento no existe novaci n. El Contrato de Arrendamiento previamente ejecutado por las partes, as  como su Primer Y Segundo Addendum o Convenio Modificatorio deber  regular cualquier cuesti n relativa al Arrendamiento, que no se encuentren espec ficamente se aladas en el presente, incluyendo las propiedades arrendadas originales y adicionales arriba descritas.  
 SEXTA:  Este documento forma parte del Contrato de Arrendamiento y a su Primer y Segundo Addendum o Convenio Modificatorio, y forma parte de los mismos como un solo documento; conteniendo estos las condiciones y promesas realizados entre las partes, y no deber n ser modificados verbalmente o de ninguna otra manera m s que en un contrato por escrito firmado por los representantes autorizados de las partes.  
 SEPTIMA:  Las partes aqu  acuerdan que todo lo relativo a la interpretaci n y cumplimiento de este Contrato y del Contrato de Arrendamiento, se someten expresamente a la ley y a la jurisdicci n de los Juzgados Civiles de la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, renunciando expresamente cualquier otra jurisdicci n que pudiera ser aplicable por raz n del domicilio presente o futuro o cualquier otro.  

FOURTH.   The   GUARANTOR   hereby acknowledges and states that its warranty described and referred in the Lease Agreement and in its First and Second Addendum, is still valid and effective, and applies and extends the Lease as amended and extended, by this Third Addendum  
   
 FIFTH.  All other terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement, warranty, its Addendums and all other provisions contained therein shall remain and continue in force and valid as described in such documents. In accordance with the foregoing, the Parties agree that this Third Addendum shall only modify the provisions described herein; all other provisions shall remain in force and unchanged, so there is no novation in this Instrument. The Lease Agreement previously executed by the Parties, as well as its First and Second Addendum or Addendum, shall regulate any matters relating to the Lease Agreement, which are not specifically mentioned herein, including the original and additional leased properties.  
 SIXTH:  This document forms a part of the Lease Agreement and its First and Second Addendum or Addendum as one whole document; these containing the conditions and promises made between the parties, and may not be modified orally or in any manner other than by a written agreement signed by the authorized representatives of the parties.  
 SEVENTH:  The Parties agree that for all matters relating to the interpretation and enforcement of this Amendment and the Lease Agreement, they are expressly subjected to the law and the jurisdiction of the Civil Courts of the City of Tijuana, Baja California, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction that could be applicable by reason of present or future address or otherwise.  

EN PRESENCIA   DE   LOS   TESTIGOS,   este   documento   es   firmado por duplicado en la Ciudad de Tijuana, Baja California, en este d a 08 de Octubre del a o dos mil catorce.  

EL ARRENDADOR:  

INMOBILIARIA PROMOTORA, S.A. DE C.V.  

/s/ C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios  

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios  

Representante Legal  

EL ARRENDATARIO:  

LEACH INTERNATIONAL DE MEXICO, S.  

DE R.L. DE C.V.  

/s/ Sr.  Jesus Aristeo Gonzalez Dominguez   

Sr. Jesus Aristeo Gonzalez Dominguez  

Representante Legal  

EI Garante tiene conocimiento y acepta los t rminos fijados en este Addendum tal como se describe en la Cl usula Cuarta  

GARANTE:   

Esterline Technologies Corporation  

/s/ Por. John H. Danley  

Por. John H. Danley  

Fecha:  
 
 3-12-2015  

TESTIGOS:  

/s/ Sr. Carlos Uribe  

Sr. Carlos Uribe  

INMOBILIARIA PROMOTORA, S.A. DE C.V.  

Sr.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  this document is signed in duplicate in this City of Tijuana, Baja California, on this 8th day of October of the year two thousand and fourteen. 

LESSOR  

INMOBILIARIA PROMOTORA, S.A. DE C.V.  

/s/  C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios   

C.P. Eduardo Mendoza Larios  

Legal Representative  

LESSEE  

LEACH INTERNATIONAL DE MEXICO, S.  

DE R.L. DE C.V.  

/s/  Mr. Jesus Aristeo Gonzalez Dominguez   

Mr. Jesus Aristeo Gonzalez Dominguez  

Legal Representative  

The Guarantor acknowledges and accepts the terms set out in this Addendum as described in the Fourth Clause.  

GUARANTOR:  

Esterline Technologies Corporation  

/s/ John H. Danley  

By: John H. Danley  

Date:  
 
 3-12-2015  

WITNESSES:  

/s/ Mr. Carlos Uribe  

Mr. Carlos Uribe  

INMOBILIARIA PROMOTORA, S.A. DE C.V.  

Mr.  

</EX-10.60>

<EX-11.1>
 11
 esl-ex111_13.htm
 EX-11.1

esl-ex111_13.htm

Exhibit 11.1  
 ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)  

</EX-11.1>

<EX-12.1>
 12
 esl-ex121_10.htm
 EX-12.1

esl-ex121_10.htm

Exhibit 12.1  
 ESTERLINE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
 (In thousands)  
 Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

1       
 
 Fixed charges consist of interest on indebtedness and amortization of debt issuance cost plus that portion of lease rental expense representative of the interest factor.     

2    
 
 Earnings consist of earnings from continuing operations before income taxes plus fixed charges.     

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21.1>
 13
 esl-ex211_9.htm
 EX-21.1

esl-ex211_9.htm

Exhibit 21.1  
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 The subsidiaries of the Company as of September 30, 2016, are as follows:  

Name of Subsidiary  

Jurisdiction of Incorporation  

Advanced Input Devices, Inc.  

Delaware  

Esterline Input Devices (Shanghai) Ltd.  

China  

Gamesman Ltd.  

England  

LRE Medical GmbH  

Germany  

Memtron Technologies Co.  

Delaware  

Armtec Defense Products Co.  

Delaware  

Armtec Countermeasures Co.  

Delaware  

Auxitrol S.A.  

France  

Esterline Sensors Services Americas, Inc.  

Delaware  

Norwich Aero Products Ltd.  

New York  

Weston Aerospace Ltd.  

England  

CMC Electronics Incorporated  

Canada  

CMC Electronics Aurora LLC  

Delaware  

Esterline Belgium BVBA  

Belgium  

Esterline Georgia U.S., LLC  

Delaware  

Kirkhill - TA Co.  

California  

Darchem Engineering Ltd.  

Scotland  

NMC Group, Inc.  

California  

Hytek Finishes Co.  

Delaware  

TA MFG Ltd  

England  

Korry Electronics Co.  

Delaware  

AVISTA Incorporated  

Wisconsin  

Mason Electric Co.  

Delaware  

Palomar Products, Inc.  

Delaware  

Racal Acoustics Ltd.  

England  

Leach International Corporation  

Delaware  

Leach International Europe S.A.  

France  

Leach International Asia Pacific Ltd.  

Hong Kong  

Souriau S.A.S.  

France  

Joslyn Sunbank Company, LLC  

California  

Souriau Japan K.K.  

Japan  

Souriau USA Inc.  

Delaware  

Technocontact S.A.  

France  

The above list excludes certain subsidiaries that, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of September 30, 2016.   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 14
 esl-ex231_12.htm
 EX-23.1

esl-ex231_12.htm

Exhibit 23.1  
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:  

of our reports dated November  23, 2016, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Esterline Technologies Corporation, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Esterline Technologies Corporation, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Esterline Technologies Corporation, for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016.  

/s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
 Seattle, Washington  
 November 23, 2016   

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 15
 esl-ex311_18.htm
 EX-31.1

esl-ex311_18.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Curtis C. Reusser, certify that:  
 1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Esterline Technologies Corporation;  
 2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

 5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Dated:  November 23, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Curtis C. Reusser  

Curtis C. Reusser  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 16
 esl-ex312_11.htm
 EX-31.2

esl-ex312_11.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Robert D. George, certify that:  
 1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Esterline Technologies Corporation;  
 2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

 5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Dated:  November 23, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Robert D. George   

Robert D. George  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and 
 Corporate Development  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 17
 esl-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

esl-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Annual Report of Esterline Technologies Corporation (the   Company  ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the   Form 10-K  ), I, Curtis C. Reusser, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

Dated:  November 23, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Curtis C. Reusser   

Curtis C. Reusser  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 18
 esl-ex322_15.htm
 EX-32.2

esl-ex322_15.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Annual Report of Esterline Technologies Corporation (the   Company  ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the   the Form 10-K  ), I, Robert D. George, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

Dated:  November 23, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Robert D. George   

Robert D. George  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and  Corporate Development  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 115
 esl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 116
 esl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 117
 esl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 118
 esl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 119
 esl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 120
 esl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

