<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161123_10-Q_edgar_data_863895_0001615774-16-008570_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2408420</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52868</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>158779</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>483544</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1002572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>660540</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>19</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008570.hdr.sgml : 20161123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161123153824
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008570
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NaturalNano, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000863895
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		IRS NUMBER:				870646435
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49901
		FILM NUMBER:		162016483

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		763 LINDEN AVENUE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14625
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(585) 267-4848

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		763 LINDEN AVENUE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NaturalNano , Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NaturalNano Research, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051221

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATURALNANO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051208

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008570.txt : 20161123

10-Q
 1
 s104765_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended:                                       September
30, 2016                                        

or 

For the transition period from                                                                       
to                                                                        

Commission File Number:                                   000-49901                                 

NATURALNANO, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

727-391-0378   

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes  x    No     

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its Website, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes  x    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes       No  x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:   3,342,325 as of November 23, 2016   

Table of Contents  

2  

Item 1.  Financial Statements  

NATURALNANO, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements  

3  

NATURALNANO, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

4  

NATURALNANO, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIENCY  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

5  

NATURALNANO, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)   

See notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements 

6  

NaturalNano, Inc.  

  From June 23, 2016 (Date of Acquisition)
through   

  September 30, 2016  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (unaudited)  

1.    PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ACTIVITY, MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Interim Financial Statements  

 The condensed consolidated financial statements
include the following: 1) Balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015; 2) Statements of Operations for the three
months ended September 30, 2016; 3) Statement of Operations from the Date of Acquisition (June 23, 2016) through September 30,
2016 ( Acquisition Period ) ; 4) Statement of Operations from the period Date of Inception (September 22, 2015) through
September 2015 ( Inception Period ) are unaudited. However, in the opinion of management of the Company, these condensed
consolidated financial statements reflect all material adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments, necessary
to present fairly the consolidated financial position and results of operations for such interim periods. The results of operations
for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be obtained for a full year. The accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X for smaller reporting
companies.  Accordingly, these condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information required
by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  These unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Liquidity and Going Concern  

 Going Concern - The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company generated net income for the Acquisition Period of
approximately $26,000 and had negative working capital and stockholders  deficiency of approximately $3,866,000 at September
30, 2016. Since, inception the Company s growth has been funded through the issuance of convertible debt, borrowings under
lines of credit and internal operations These factors, among others, may indicate that the Company will be unable to continue as
a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability
to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations, to obtain additional financing, renegotiate the terms of existing financing
obligations and ultimately to attain successful operations. The ability to successfully achieve those items is uncertain. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty. 

Basis of Consolidation    

 The condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of NaturalNano, Inc. ( NaturalNano  or the  Company ), a Nevada corporation, and its
wholly owned subsidiaries Omni Shrimp, Inc., a Florida corporation. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. 

Accounting for Reverse Capitalization  

The Company follows the guidelines set forth
in  Topic 12: Reverse Acquisitions and Reverse Capitalizations of the SEC Financial Reporting  Manual ( SEC Manual )
for the acquisition of Omni Shrimp, Inc. ( Omni ) (See  Material Definitive Agreement  below.) For accounting
purposes, Omni Shrimp, Inc. ( Omni ) has been deemed the acquiring entity due to the fact that the owners of Omni have
effective voting and operating control of the combined company. The Company believes it was not a shell company. 

7  

On July 5, 2016, the staff
of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Division of Corporation Finance advised the Company that in light of the information
set forth in the Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2016, the Staff was of the opinion that the Company was a  shell company 
as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. The Company replied with a letter to
the Staff contesting the factual basis of such determination, and the Staff replied with a subsequent letter affirming its prior
determination. 

The Company intends to
have further communications with the Staff regarding their determination as to the Company s shell company status. 

The financial statements
enclosed herewith were prepared on the assumption that the Company was not a shell company on June 23, 2016 and is not a shell
company at the present time. 

Pursuant to the SEC Manual, the Company
filed a form 8-K/A on September 1, 2016 and November 14, 2016, and in Item 9.01 of those filings, the Company reported
the required financial statements, including audited financial statements of Omni and pro forma financial information. 

Material Definitive Agreement  

On June 23,
2016 (the  Effective Date ), the Company announced that it entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the
 Exchange Agreement ) with all of the shareholders of Omni Shrimp, Inc., a Florida corporation ( Omni ),
pursuant to which the shareholders exchanged with the Company all of the outstanding shares of stock of Omni and Omni
thereupon became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In consideration for the exchange of those Omni
shares, the Company issued 28,500 shares of a newly created Series E Preferred Stock of the Company (the
 Series E Preferred Stock ). 

As a result of their
ownership of the Series E Preferred Stock, the Omni shareholders acquired the right to vote 95% of the voting control of the
Company. The Series E Preferred Stock is also convertible into common stock which, in the aggregate, would represent up to
95% of the outstanding common stock after the conversion. In addition, on the Effective Date, the holders of all of the
Company's outstanding Series B and Series D Preferred Stock surrendered those shares to the Company. 

Additionally, on the Effective
Date the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with James Wemett, the former President and CEO, pursuant to which Mr.
Wemett acquired all right, title and interest to the existing business activities of the Company prior to that date; specifically,
those activities were (i) developing and commercializing material additives based on a technology utilizing halloysite nanotubes
and (ii) reselling Ebola personal protective equipment and ancillary supplies, and assumed the related liabilities. In connection
with that transaction, Mr. Wemett waived all accumulated compensation due to him from the Company. 

8  

In connection with the
Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company and Mr. Wemett exchanged releases, and the Company issued to Mr. Wemett a six year divisible
Warrant with cashless exercise to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock at a purchase price of $0.05 per
share. 

Surrender and Amendment Agreement ( Surrender and Amendment )   

Concurrent with the Material Definitive Agreement
on the Effective Date, owners of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes and Promissory Notes agreed to surrender the following back
to the Company: 

The Company did not issue any additional consideration
for these securities. 

In addition, the Company retired the following
owned by its former Chief Executive Officer 

100 shares of Series D Preferred stock   

Concurrent with this retirement, the Company
issued 2,000,000 warrants 

Description of the Business  

Omni Shrimp, Inc.
(Omni) was formed on September 22, 2015 in the State of Florida and acquired NaturalNano, Inc. under a Share Exchange
Agreement effective June 23, 2016. Omni s sole business activity is as a wholesale provider of shrimp. According to
National Fisheries Institute (NFI), shrimp is the most consumed seafood within the United States at over 4 pounds of shrimp
consumed per person in the United States annually. Shrimps come in many varieties which are differentiated by their
color. 

Omni specializes in the
 very high, domestic and wild caught shrimp called Key West Pink Shrimp also referred to as  pinks . They derive their
name from their pink color which is the result of growing up in the coral sands off the west coast of Florida. Key West Pink Shrimp
are also great tasting and may be enjoyed as  peel and eat  or in a wide variety of recipes. The harvesting season
for  Pinks  is from November through June. Throughout the year, Omni also purchases and sells  Brown  and
 White  shrimp also grown in the United States and harvested in the wild. 

Omni believes
that it differentiates itself from its competitors not only by the quality of its product but its relationships with Shrimp
boat captains and fishermen, shrimp seafood company owners and some of the top shrimp processors in the U.S. These
relationships allow Omni to get its product to market as quickly as possible in order to guarantee freshness and taste. The
vessels who supply Omni s shrimp have refrigeration units and freezing capabilities on board which locks in freshness.
Additionally, Omni uses a large, approved, industry accepted processor in Louisiana which allows our haul to get out to the
dining public within two to three days of catch resulting in delivery of fresh shrimp with uncompromised taste to our
customers.   

Most consumers in the
United States are not aware of the origin of their store-bought or restaurant purchased shrimp.   Omni s shrimp
product is free of pesticide, chemicals and antibiotics, caught in the U.S. and wild caught, facts that we believe is highly attractive,
becoming more and more sought after and beneficial in terms of our eventual marketing success. 

Estimates  

 The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ
materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate such estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 

9  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. The Fair Value Measurement Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The
hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1
measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:  

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs
that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the
full term of the financial instrument.   

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company s own assumptions used to measure
assets and liabilities at fair value.   

A financial asset or liability s classification
within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The carrying
amounts reported in the balance sheet of cash, accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses
approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. The fair value of notes
payable approximates their carrying value as the terms of this debt reflects market conditions. The Company s derivative
liability was determined utilizing Level 3 inputs. 

Derivative Financial Instruments  

 The Company does not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine
if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at
each reporting date, with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative
financial instruments, the Company estimated the total enterprise value based upon trending the firm value from December 2006 to
September 30, 2016 considering company specific factors including the changes in forward estimated revenues and market factors,
market multiples for comparable companies, and the Company s market share price, all equally weighted.  Once the enterprise
value was determined an option pricing model was used to allocate the enterprise value to the individual derivative securities
in the Company s capital structure.  The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities
are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument
could be required within twelve months of the balance sheet date. 

10  

Reclassifications  

 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the current year presentation. 

Income Taxes  

 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with FASB ASC 740 which requires recognition of estimated income taxes payable or refundable on income tax returns for the current
year and for the estimated future tax effect attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards. Measurement of deferred
income tax items is based on enacted tax laws including tax rates, with the measurement of deferred income tax assets being reduced
by available tax benefits not expected to be realized.  The Company recognizes penalties and accrued interest related to unrecognized
tax benefits in income tax expense. Income tax expense was $0 for the period of Acquisition and period of Inception. 

Net income/ (Loss) Per Share  

 Loss per common share is computed by dividing
net income or loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income or loss
per common share gives effect to dilutive convertible preferred stock, convertible debt, options and warrants outstanding during
the period. Shares to be issued upon the exercise of these instruments have not been included in the computation of diluted loss
per share as their effect is anti-dilutive based on the net loss incurred. 

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 there
were 71,101,371 and -0- shares, respectively, underlying preferred stock, convertible debt, outstanding options and warrants
that could potentially dilute future earnings. 

These potentially dilutive shares have been
limited by certain debt and equity agreements with lenders. These agreements provide limitations on the conversion of the dilutive
instruments such that the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquired by the holder upon conversion of such instruments
shall be limited to ensure that following such conversion the total number of shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by
the holder does not exceed 4.99% of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Company does not have
sufficient authorized shares to satisfy conversion of all the potentially dilutive instruments.  

Shares associated with the issuance of Series
E Preferred stock are reported on an as converted basis 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

 In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-011 to Topic 330, Inventory. This ASU requires
entities using inventory costing methods other than last-in-first-out and retail inventory method to value their inventory at the
lower of cost and net realizable value. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and is to be applied
prospectively. Early adoption of this ASU is permitted. The Company does not expect adoption of this ASU to have a material impact
on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. NOTES PAYABLE  

Notes payable at September 30, 2016 consisted of the following: 

11  

Notes Issued under  the Surrender and Amendment
Agreement  

On the Effecttive date, the Company entered
into the Surrender and Amendment Agreement. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company entered into certain modificiations of outstanding
indebtedness to four bondholders. 

In total, the Company retired $150, 436 and $79,411 of accrued interest.
See  Surrender and Amendment Agreement  in Note 1. above, 

Each Amending Holder waives
any reset, repricing or ratchet right such Amending Holder may have related to the Retained Notes for any issuances of the Company's
common stock or common stock equivalents that have occurred prior to the date of this Agreement. 

b. The issuance of the
Series E Preferred Shares pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement shall be an Exempt Issuance (as define in the Retained Notes)
and shall not trigger any reset, repricing or ratchet right such Amending Holder may have related to the Retained Notes. 

c. The Conversion Price
of the Retained Notes is amended to be the lower of: (i) the conversion price as would be in effect pursuant to the terms of the
Retained Notes as currently in effect; or (ii) 50% of the lowest closing bid price of the Company's common stock on its principal
trading market as reported by Bloomberg LP, for the twenty trading days prior to the date of conversion. 

d. The Maturity Date of
the Retained Notes is hereby extended to one year from the date of this Agreement. 

e. Except for the notes
held by Oscaleta Partners LLC All interest that has accrued through the date hereof is waived and all interest that will accrue
on the Retained Notes will be payable on the Maturity Date. 

The following lists the creditors and the amounts owed to each 

* - Net of $1,355 of Notes Payable converted 

Cape One Master Notes  

On December 15, 2015, NaturalNano Corp. exchanged 6,666,667 shares
for Notes totaling $344,000. These notes are due on September 30, 2017 and are convertible at $.02 per share. 

Notes Issued Subsequent to Surrender and Amendment Agreement  

Notes Issued subsequent to Surrender and Amendment comprised $49,630
as follows: 

Notes reclassified from Bridge Notes  

During the prior quarter , Notes which were originally issued as
promissory notes were renegotiated to be convertible into shares of common stock at a 50% discount to the closing bid price for
the twenty days prior to conversion. Such notes totalled $27,785. 

Newly Issued Debt  

During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the following notes
were issued: 

On August 10, 2016, the Company issued a
note for $15,000 for proceeds received. The convertible promissory bears interest at a rate of ten percent and matures on
August 1, 2017. The third party has the option to convert all or a portion of the note plus accrued interest into common
stock at a conversion price equal to 50% of the lowest closing bid price for the twenty days prior to the conversion. The
Company recorded a debt discount of $4,596 based on the fair value of the common stock into which the note is convertible
into and allocated $10,404 of the proceeds to the note $658 of interest expense was amortized into interest expense for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016. As of the date of this filing, there have been no conversions of this Note and the entire
amount is outstanding 

On August 31, 2016, the Company issued a note
for $15,000 for proceeds received. The convertible promissory bears interest at a rate of ten percent and matures on September
1, 2017. The third party has the option to convert all or a portion of the note plus accrued interest into common stock at a conversion
price equal to 50% of the lowest closing bid price for the twenty days prior to the conversion. The Company recorded a debt discount
of $4,596 based on the fair value of the common stock into which the note is convertible into and allocated $10,404 of the proceeds
to the note $378 of interest expense was amortized into interest expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. As of the date
of this filing, there have been no conversions of this Note and the entire amount is outstanding  

A reconciliation of the Notes follows; 

Bridge Loans  

Bridge loans are short term notes taken on demand. They totaled
$136,743 at September 30, 2016 as follows: 

12  

The $136,743 at Omni Shrimp, Inc. was as follows: 

3.   
       SEGMENT INFORMATION    

Subsequent to the Acquisition of Omni and the disposition of the
Nanotechnology and Viral Protec businesses, the Company operates in only segment, shrimp. Therefore, segment data is not required. 

13  

4.   
       DERIVATIVE LIABILITY    

For stock based derivative financial instruments,
the Company estimated the total enterprise value based upon a combination of the trending of the firm value from December 2006
to September 2016, market comparables, and the market value of the Company s stock, considering company specific factors
including the changes in forward estimated revenues and market factors.  Once the enterprise value was determined an
option pricing model was used to allocate the enterprise value to the individual derivative and other securities in the Company s
capital structure.  The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded
as liabilities or equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in
the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required
within twelve months of the balance sheet date. 

The Company s derivative liabilities
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

The debt conversion feature embedded in the various Convertible Promissory Notes which contain anti-dilution provisions that would be triggered if the Company issued instruments with rights to the Company s common stock at prices below this exercise price (described in Note 2.)   

Derivative liabilities related to outstanding warrants and options due to the Company having insufficient authorized shares to satisfy the exercise or conversion of all outstanding instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   

The fair value of the derivative liabilities as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

14  

5.   
       STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY    

Authorized Common Stock:  In 2013
the Company received a unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting from the members of the Board of Directors and a
written consent from the Series D stockholder to amend its articles of incorporation to increase the Company s
authorized common shares to 800,000,000 common shares. As of September 30, 2016 there were approximately 71 million shares
underlying preferred stock, convertible debt, outstanding options and warrants that could potentially dilute future earnings.
The company does not have sufficient authorized shares to facilitate conversion of all the potentially dilutive
instrument. 

Preferred Stock Issuances  

 The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is
convertible into 95% of the Company s common stock and votes on an as-converted basis.  The Series E designation limits
the holders  rights to convert its Convertible Preferred Stock, and the aggregate voting powers, to no more than 4.99% of
the votes attributable to the total outstanding common shares. As a result of the Company not having sufficient authorized
shares to satisfy the conversion of all outstanding convertible debt, share rights, convertible preferred stock, warrants and options,
the Series B preferred shares have been moved into temporary equity classification on the balance sheet. 

Preferred Stock Cancellations  

As a part of the June 23rd Surrender
  Amendment Agreement, 5,000 shares of Series B Preferred stock and 100 shares of Series D Preferred
stock were also cancelled. 

Warrants Grants  

 The Company has issued warrants to purchase
shares of its common stock to certain consultants and debt holders. As of June 23, 2016 and December 31, 2015 there were common
stock warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 2,917,941 and 1,217,941 shares of common stock, respectively, pursuant to
the warrant grant agreements. 

On February 15, 2015, the Company granted a
total of 300,000 warrants to the Company s board members. These warrants, included in the summary below, grant the right
to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. The warrants were fully vested as of the grant date
and contain a cashless exercise provision. The fair value of the warrants on the date of grant was determined using the Black-Scholes
model and was measured on the date of grant at $61,106.  An expected volatility assumption of 140% was used based on
the volatility of the Company s stock price utilizing a look-back basis and the risk-free interest rate of 1.62% which was
derived from the U.S. treasury yields on the date of grant.  The market price of the Company s common stock on
the grant date was $0.22 per share.  The expiration date used in the valuation model aligns with the warrant life of
five years as indicated in the agreements.  The dividend yield was assumed to be zero. 

On January 6, 2016, the Company granted a total
of 450,000 warrants to the Company s board members and one consultant. These warrants, included in the summary below, grant
the right to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.02 per share. The warrants were fully vested as of the
grant date and contain a cashless exercise provision. The fair value of the warrants on the date of grant was determined using
the Black-Scholes model and was measured on the date of grant at $25,292.  An expected volatility assumption of 140%
was used based on the volatility of the Company s stock price utilizing a look-back basis and the risk-free interest rate
of 1.00% which was derived from the U.S. treasury yields on the date of grant.  The market price of the Company s
common stock on the grant date was $0.06 per share.  The expiration date used in the valuation model aligns with the
warrant life of five years as indicated in the agreements.  The dividend yield was assumed to be zero 

15  

On June 23, 2016, the Company granted a total of 2,000,000 warrants
to the Company s former Chief Executive Officer. These warrants, included in the summary below, grant the right to purchase
one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.05 per share. The warrants were fully vested as of the grant date and contain
a cashless exercise provision. The fair value of the warrants on the date of grant was determined using the Black-Scholes model
and was measured on the date of grant at $.031.  An expected volatility assumption of 140% was used based on the volatility
of the Company s stock price utilizing a look-back basis and the risk-free interest rate of 1.00% which was derived from
the U.S. treasury yields on the date of grant.  The market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date
was $0.034 per share.  The expiration date used in the valuation model aligns with the warrant life of nine years as
indicated in the agreements.  The dividend yield was assumed to be zero. 

A summary of the outstanding warrants is presented below: 

16  

6.   
       INCENTIVE STOCK PLANS    

A summary of the status of the outstanding incentive stock plans
is presented below: 

All compensation costs for the above options
have been previously recognized in operations.  As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options
outstanding and exercisable was $0. There were no option grants made in the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

7.   
       SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    

Issuance of Debt   

On October 14, 2016, the Company borrowed
$15,000 from a third party. The convertible promissory note bears interest at 8% per annum and matures on October 15, 2017. The
third party has the option to convert all or a portion of the note plus accrued interest into common stock at a conversion price
equal to 50% of the lowest closing bid price for the twenty days prior to the conversion. 

On November 15, 2016, the Company
borrowed $21,000 from a third party. The convertible promissory note bears interest at 8% per annum and matures on November 15,
2017. The third party has the option to convert all or a portion of the note plus accrued interest into common stock at a conversion
price equal to 50% of the lowest closing bid price for the twenty days prior to the conversion. 

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other
reports that we file with the SEC contain statements that are considered forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
These include statements about our expectations, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as  anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   potential, 
 projects,   continuing,   ongoing,   expects,   management believes, 
 we believe,   we intend  and similar expressions. Such forward looking statements include statements addressing
operating performance, events or developments that the Company expects or anticipates will occur in the future, including statements
relating to revenue realization, revenue growth, earnings, earnings per share, or similar projections. These statements involve
estimates, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed for the reasons
described in this report. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  

You should be aware that our actual results
could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors such as: 

the ability to raise capital to fund our operations until we generate adequate cash flow internally;   

the terms and timing of product sales and licensing agreements;   

our ability to enter into strategic partnering and joint development agreements;   

our ability to competitively market our controlled release and filled tube products;   

17  

the successful implementation of research and development programs;   

our ability to attract and retain key personnel;   

general market conditions.   

Our actual results may differ materially from
management s expectations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
included herewith.  This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily
continue in the future, or that any conclusion reached herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating performance in
the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment of our management.  

The forward-looking statements speak only as
of the date on which they are made, and except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to
update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to
which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. 

The Company   

Omni Shrimp, Inc.  

 On June 23, 2016, the Company announced a new
business line, Omni Shrimp, located in Madeira Beach, Florida on the Gulf of Mexico. It is a fast growing seller of wild American
shrimp. It is a wholesaler of locally caught shrimp, predominantly the highly popular Key West pink variety, to large distributors
in the US, who then resell the product to grocery store chains, restaurants and other retail stores in the Florida, Boston and
New York markets. According to Marine Science Today Magazine, shrimp is the most eaten seafood within the United States. Shrimps
come in many varieties which are differentiated by their color. 

Omni believes that it differentiates itself
from its competitors not only by the quality of its product but its relationships with distributors allowing it to get its product
to market as quickly as possible in order to guarantee freshness and taste. 

18  

NaturalNano is domiciled in the state of Nevada
as a result of the merger with Cementitious Materials, Inc., ( CMI ), which was completed on November 29, 2005. 

Liquidity   

Going Concern - The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the
realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company generated net income
for the Acquisition period of approximately $26,000, but used approximately $105,000 in cash from operations and had negative
working capital and stockholders  deficiency of approximately $3,864,000 at September 30, 2016. Since inception
the Company s growth has been funded through a combination of convertible and non-convertible debt from private
investors and sales of common stock. These factors, among others, may indicate that the Company will be unable to continue as
a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its
ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations, to obtain additional financing, renegotiate the terms of
existing financing obligations and ultimately to attain successful operations. The ability to successfully achieve those
items is uncertain. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty.  

As of September 30, 2016 the Company owed approximately
$2,590,000 to lenders in the form of notes payable, lines of credit and accrued interest. Much of this debt is convertible into
the Company s common stock at terms beneficial to the lenders compared to the market price of the Company s common
stock. The Company continues to rely on these lenders to provide additional loans to cover Company expenses and to provide forbearance
agreements extending the due dates of the various notes. As of September 30, 2016, the Company continued to require waivers for
debt covenant violations and extensions of maturity dates. Certain of these lenders have increased the interest rate on the September
30 2016. 

Operating activities  

 Net cash (used) in operating activities
for the Acquisition Period and period of Inception was approximately ($105,000) and ($1,000) respectively. The net income
generated in the Acquisition period was $26,707 compared to a net loss of $(1,277) in the Inception period.  

Investing activities  

For the Acquisition Period, the Company used $1,860 to purchase
property and equipment. There were no cash flows from Investing activities during the Inception Period.  

Financing Activities  

 For the Acquisition Period, the Company
generated $33,000 through the issuance of Notes and increased borrowing on the line of credit. For the Inception period,
there was no borrowing. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

 Refer to the Company s December 31, 2015
report on Form 10K for a complete discussion of the critical accounting policies which have not changed during the three months
ended September 30, 2016.   

Comparison of Statement of Operations
for the Period of Acquisition and Period of Inception   

Revenue and Gross Profit   

Revenues and Cost of goods sold for
the three months and Acquisition Period ended September 30, 2016 were $452,385 and $503,237, respectively. These represent
solely the revenues of  Omni Shrimp, Inc. Gross profit was $6,464 and $71,420, respectively or 13% and 14% of
sales,respectively. 

19  

There were no revenues and gross margin from
the Inception Date through September 30, 2015. 

Operating Expenses   

Operating expenses for the Acquisition Period were as follows: 

Professional Fees     constituted $42,661 and were
principally accounting and legal fees associated with the Acquisition. 

Transportation, Storage and Broker Fees  represent expenses
associated with storing in freezer facilities, transporting to buyers as well as paying brokers for arranging sales. 

The amount of $19,234 includes approximately: 

$13,000 to brokers for arrangements of sales; 

$6,000 for transportation of shrimp; 

$1,000 for cold storage 

General and Administrative Expenses  amounted to
$8,480. 

Rent expense at the Madeira Beach facilities was $4,500. Office expense and expenses associated with SEC filings
were approximately $2,000 each. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses  of $3,575 consisted of commissions of approximately $2,700 and advertising
of approximately $900. 

There were no Operating Expenses for the Inception Period as operations had not yet begun. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Other Income (Expense) was $29,371and $29,237 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the Period
of Acquisition. With the exception of Interest Expense (See below), all line items are the same for both periods. 

Interest expense includes interest (including amortization of discount) on the Company s outstanding
indebtedness from convertible debt and Bridge debt, including amortization of the debt discount . For the three months ending September
30, 2016 and the Period of Acquisition, interest expense totalled $49,215 and $49,349, respectively, including $1,036 of amortization
of debt discount. 

Loss on conversion of debt of $5,653 was due to the conversion of $1,355 of debt
during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Gain on Elimination of Registration rights liability of $12,324 related to the elimination of a liability
to register debt upon the signing of the Surrender and Amendment Agreement. 

Gain on change in derivative liability was $71,915 was due principally to a lower company stock price 

There were no Other Income (Expense) items for the period of Inception. 

20  

Item 4. - Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining effective disclosure controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance
that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to management, including the CEO as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on this evaluation, and in light of the
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 our Chief Executive Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective. The material weaknesses consist of an insufficient complement of qualified accounting personnel and controls associated
with segregation of duties and ineffective controls associated with identifying and accounting for complex and non-routine transactions
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

The Company  does not maintain a
sufficient complement of qualified accounting personnel and controls associated with the segregation of duties were
ineffective. Notwithstanding these material weaknesses, management believes that the financial statements included in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, result of operations and
cash flows for the periods presented. 

There can be no assurance, however, that our
disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries
to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. There are inherent limitations to
the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention
or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable,
not absolute, assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

21  

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

There have been no material developments to
the legal proceeding disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

 None 

22  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

The Company entered into Forbearance
Agreements with Alpha Capital Anstalt, Marlin Capital Investments and Bull Hunter LLC effective on January 1, 2015 and March
5, 2015, and March 31, 2016 relating to the Company s default on various terms and conditions with borrowing
agreements. Pursuant to the Surrender and Amendment Agreement since June 23, 2016, the Company is no longer in default. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

23  

Item 6. Exhibits  

Exhibit  
 No.  
       
      Description   

31.1  
       
      Certification of principal executive officer and principal accounting officer pursuant to section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   

32.1  
       
      Certification of principal executive officer and principal accounting officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   

101  
       
      Interactive data files formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Deficiency, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
       
      *   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  
       
      *   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
       
      *   
 
      101CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
       
      *   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
       
      *   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
       
      *   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
       
      *   

*  
      Filed herewith   

24  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NaturalNano, Inc.    

Date:  
     November 23, 2016 
       
      /s/ Colm Wrynn   

Colm Wrynn   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)   

25  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104765_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Colm Wrynn, certify that: 

1.            I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10Q of NaturalNano, Inc. (the  registrant ) for the three months ended September
30, 2016;  

2.            Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;  

3.            Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.           
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a. 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b. 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c. 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d. 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.           
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b. 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated:  November 23, 2016 

/s/ Colm Wrynn 

Colm Wrynn 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 s104765_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

The undersigned, Colm Wrynn, President,
and Chief Executive Officer, of NaturalNano, Inc. (the  Company ) certifies, under the standards set forth and solely
for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of
our knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2016 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-Q fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and  results  of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  November 23, 2016 

/s/ Colm Wrynn 

Colm Wrynn 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 nnan-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nnan-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 nnan-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 nnan-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 nnan-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nnan-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

