<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1659122_0001615774-16-008133_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1542564</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72576</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>121639</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>238654</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>608005</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>474266</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008133.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109170936
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008133
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KLR Energy Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001659122
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				475500436
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37712
		FILM NUMBER:		161985115

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		405 LEXINGTON AVENYE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 29C
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10174
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-642-0425

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		405 LEXINGTON AVENYE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 29C
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10174

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008133.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 s104429_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(MARK ONE) 

x      QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from                    to   

  Commission file number:  001-37712   

KLR Energy Acquisition Corp.   
 
     (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Delaware  
       
      47-5500436   
 
     (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
       
     (IRS Employer Identification No.)  

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and  (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.   Yes   x   No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  
x    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one). 

Large accelerated filer 
         
     Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer   
      x  
     Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if smaller reporting company)        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes  x 
 No       

As of November 9, 2016, 2,046,330 shares
of Class F common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 8,185,320 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
were issued and outstanding.  

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP.  

  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  

Part I. 
      Financial Information  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

Condensed Balance Sheets  
       
     1  

Condensed Statements of Operations  
       
     2  

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows  
       
     3  

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  
       
     4  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
     13  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk  
       
     16  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
       
     17  
 
     Part II. 
      Other Information  

Item 6. Exhibits  
       
     17  
 
      Signatures  
       
     18  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

    KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP.  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

(1) This
number includes an aggregate of 253,670 shares forfeited upon consummation of the partial exercise of over-allotment option by
the underwriters on March 21, 2016.  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.  

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

(1) This number excludes an aggregate of 7,698,242 shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2016. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (UNAUDITED)   

Note 1 - Organization, Plan of Business Operations  

KLR Energy Acquisition
Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on September 21, 2015 as a blank check company for the purpose of
effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities (a  Business Combination ). The Company s efforts to identify
a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region. 

All activity through
September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering ( Initial Public Offering )
and, since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, a search for a Business Combination candidate described below. The Company
is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage
and emerging growth companies. 

The registration statement
for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on March 10, 2016. The Company consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 8,000,000 units ( Units ) at $10.00 per unit on March 16, 2016, generating gross proceeds of $80.0 million
and incurred offering costs of approximately $2.6 million, inclusive of $2 million of underwriting commissions (Note 4). 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement ( Private Placement ) of
8,310,000 warrants ( Private Placement Warrants ) at a price of $0.75 per Private Placement Warrant, of which 7,776,667
Private Placement Warrants were sold to KLR Energy Sponsor LLC (the  Sponsor ), and 533,333 Private Placement Warrants
were sold to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. ( EBC ), the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering,
and its designees, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6.2 million (Note 5). 

On March 21, 2016,
the Company consummated the closing of the sale of 185,320 additional Units upon receiving notice of EBC s election to partially
exercise its over-allotment option ( Over-Allotment Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of approximately
$1.85 million. Simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional
98,838 Private Placement Warrants, among which 86,483 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor and 12,355 Private
Placement Warrants were purchased by EBC and its designees, generating gross proceeds of approximately $74,000. Underwriting commission
of approximately $46,000 were deferred until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

An aggregate of approximately
$85.1 million ($10.40 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering, the Over-Allotment
Units, and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a United States-based trust account ( Trust Account ) at J.P.
Morgan Chase Bank maintained by Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, acting as trustee, and is invested in U.S.
government treasury bills, until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Business Combination or (ii) the Company s failure
to consummate a Business Combination by September 16, 2017. One of the Company s officers has agreed to be personally liable
if the Company liquidates the Trust Account prior to the consummation of a Business Combination or upon mandatory liquidation to
ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other
entities that are owed money by the Company for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to the Company. However, such
officer may not be able to satisfy those obligations should they arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account)
may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective merger or acquisition candidates and continuing
general and administrative expenses. Additionally, the interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to the Company
for any amounts that are necessary to pay the Company s income tax obligations.   

At September 30, 2016,
the Company has approximately $369,000 in cash held outside of the Trust Account. The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement Warrants, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (UNAUDITED)   

Pursuant to the
NASDAQ Capital Markets listing rules, the Company s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or
businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the
execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination, although this may entail simultaneous mergers with, or
acquisitions of, several target businesses. The fair market value of the target will be determined by the Company s
board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and
potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The target business or businesses that the Company merges with or
acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially in excess of 80% of the Trust Account balance. In order to
consummate such a Business Combination, the Company may issue a significant amount of its debt or equity securities to the
sellers of such business and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. If
the Company s securities are not listed on NASDAQ, the Company would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement.
However, the Company intends to satisfy the 80% requirement even if the Company s securities are not listed on NASDAQ
at the time of the initial Business Combination. 

The Company will provide
the public stockholders, who are the holders of the shares of Class A common stock which were sold as part of the Units in the
Initial Public Offering, whether they were purchased in the Initial Public Offering or in the aftermarket ( Public Shares ),
including the Company s stockholders prior to the Initial Public Offering (including the Sponsor) (the  Initial Stockholders )
to the extent that they purchase such Public Shares ( Public Stockholders ), with an opportunity to redeem all or a
portion of their Public Shares, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or if the Company conducts
a tender offer, upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called
to approve the Business Combination, or (ii) by means of a tender offer, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest (net of income taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding
shares of Class A common stock. As of September 30, 2016, the amount in the Trust Account is approximately $10.42 per Public Share.
In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001
upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, in the case of a stockholder vote, a majority of the outstanding shares voted
are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed
Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require it to seek stockholder approval
by law or pursuant to a stock exchange listing requirement. If a stockholder vote is not required and the Company decides not to
hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, (i) conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act (as defined below),
which regulate issuer tender offers, and (ii) file tender offer documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
prior to completing the initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about
the initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which regulates the solicitation of proxies. If, however, stockholder approval
of a transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons, the Company will conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and file materials with the SEC.  If the Company is required, or otherwise decides, to seek stockholder approval, the Company
will complete the initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in
favor of the business combination. 

The Initial Stockholders
have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as described in Note 7) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public
Offering in favor of the initial Business Combination, and the Company s executive officers and directors have also agreed
to vote any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of the initial Business Combination. In
addition, the Initial Stockholders and executive officers have entered into letter agreements, pursuant to which they agree to
waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial
Business Combination. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (UNAUDITED)   

If the Company has
not completed a Business Combination by September 16, 2017, the automatic liquidation of the Trust Account and the voluntary liquidation
of the Company will be triggered. In such event, holders of Public Shares will share ratably in the Trust Account, including
any interest not previously released to the Company, and any net assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment
of liabilities. The Initial Stockholders and executive officers have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the prescribed time frame. However, if the Initial Stockholders (or any of the Company s executive officers, directors or
affiliates) acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares in the event the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination
within such applicable time period. 

On March 28, 2016,
the Company announced that the holders of the Company s Units may elect to separately trade the shares of Class A Common
Stock and warrants included in the Units commencing on or about March 29, 2016.  Those Units not separated continue to trade
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol  KLREU,  and each of the shares and warrants trade separately on the
NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols  KLRE  and  KLREW,  respectively. Holders of Units need to have
their brokers contact Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company, the Company s transfer agent, in order to separate
the holders  Units into shares and warrants. 

Note 2 - Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S.
GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, they do not include
all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal
accruals) considered for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. For further information,
refer to the Balance Sheet included in the Company s Form 8-K as of March 16, 2016, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2016. 

Liquidity  

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had approximately $369,000 in its operating bank account, approximately $85.3 million in cash and cash equivalents
held in the Trust Account and working capital of approximately $266,000. 

In order to meet its
working capital needs, the Sponsor, its affiliates, or certain executive officers and directors, may, but are not obligated to,
loan the Company funds as may be required. The loans would either be repaid upon consummation of the Company s initial Business
Combination, or, at the lender s discretion, up to $1.5 million of such loans (including $275,000 in loans currently outstanding
as of September 30, 2016) may be converted upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination into additional
Private Placement Warrants at a price of $0.75 per Warrant. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the loans
would be repaid only out of funds held outside of the Trust Account, if any. 

Based on the foregoing,
management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital to meet the Company's needs through the earlier of consummation
of a Business Combination or September 16, 2017. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing
accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective merger or acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective
target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating
and consummating the Business Combination. The Company anticipates that its uses of cash for the next twelve months will be approximately
$400,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant
to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of a Business Combination. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (UNAUDITED)   

Note 3 - Significant Accounting Policies  

Emerging growth company  

The Company is an
 emerging growth company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the  Securities
Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the  JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt
out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the
time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Cash and Marketable Securities Held
in Trust Account  

The amounts held in
the Trust Account represent substantially all of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and are classified as restricted assets
since such amounts can only be used by the Company in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination. At September
30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account consisted of approximately $85.3 million in United States Treasury
Bills and approximately $600 in cash. At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $144,000 of interest income held in the Trust
Account available to be released to the Company to pay its income tax obligations. 

Cash and cash equivalents  

The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Common stock subject to possible redemption  

The Company accounts
for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 480   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity .  Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is
classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock
that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of
uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock
is classified as stockholders  equity. The Company s common stock feature certain redemption rights that is considered
to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30,
2016, the Class A common stock that is subject to possible redemption at the redemption value is presented as temporary equity,
outside of the stockholders  equity section of the Company s Balance Sheet. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (UNAUDITED)   

Concentration of credit risk  

Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution which,
at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. At September 30, 2016, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Subsequent Events  

The Company evaluates
events that have occurred after the balance sheet date through the date hereof, which these financial statements were issued. 

Fair value of financial instruments  

The fair value of
the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures  , approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying Balance Sheet, primarily due to their
short-term nature. 

Offering Costs  

Offering costs consist
principally of legal, underwriting commissions and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related
to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs amounting to approximately $2.6 million were charged to shareholders  equity
upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, including $2 million of underwriting commissions paid upon closing of the
Initial Public Offering and approximately $46,000 of underwriting commissions related to the consummation of the Over-Allotment
Units deferred until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and recorded as a liability in the accompanying
condensed Balance Sheet. 

Net Loss per Share  

Loss per share is
computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. An aggregate
of 7,698,242 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2016, have been excluded from the calculation
of basic loss per ordinary share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the trust earnings.
The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Public Offering (including the consummation of the over-allotment)
and Private Placement to purchase 16,594,158 shares of the Company s Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted loss
per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent on the occurrence of future events. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not
believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.  

Note 4 - Initial Public Offering  

In March 2016, the
Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 8,185,320 Units (including the Over-Allotment Units) at $10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of approximately $81.9 million. Offering costs associated with the Initial Public Offering was approximately $2.6
million, inclusive of $2 million of underwriting commissions paid upon closing of the Initial Public Offering and approximately
$46,000 of underwriting commissions deferred until the completion of the initial Business Combination. Each Unit consists of one
share of the Company s Class A common stock and one warrant to receive one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50
per share, subject to adjustment ( Warrants ). The Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (i) 30 days after
the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) March 16, 2017, and will expire five years after the completion of
the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (UNAUDITED)   

The Company may redeem
the Warrants, in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon 30 days  notice ( 30-day redemption period ),
only in the event that the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $21.00 per share for any 20 trading days
within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given, provided
there is an effective registration statement with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such Warrants and a current
prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If the Company calls
the Warrants for redemption as described above, the Company s management will have the option to require all holders that
wish to exercise Warrants to do so on a  cashless basis.  In determining whether to require all holders to exercise
their warrants on a  cashless basis,  the management will consider, among other factors, the Company s cash position,
the number of Warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on the Company s stockholders of issuing the maximum
number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants. 

There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete
the initial Business Combination by September 16, 2017. 

Note 5 - Private Placement  

Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 8,310,000 Private Placement Warrants
at a price of $0.75 per Private Placement Warrant, of which 7,776,667 Private Placement Warrants were sold to the Sponsor, and
533,333 Private Placement Warrants were sold to EBC and its designees, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6.2 million.
Following the exercise of the over-allotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional 98,838 Private Placement
Warrants, among which 86,483 Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor and 12,355 Private Placement Warrants were
purchased by EBC and its designees, generating gross proceeds of approximately $74,000. 

The Placement Warrants
are similar to the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that if held by the original holders or their permitted
assigns, they (i) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject to being called for redemption and
(iii) subject to certain limited exceptions, will be subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the consummation
of the Company s initial Business Combination.  EBC has agreed that EBC (and its designees) will not be permitted
to exercise any Private Placement Warrants after the five year anniversary of the effective date of the Registration Statement.
If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than its initial holders, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable
by the Company and exercisable by holders on the same basis as the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

The proceeds from
the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and placed
in the Trust Account. If the Company fails to consummate the initial Business Combination by September 16, 2017, the proceeds of
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares, and the Private Placement
Warrants will expire worthless. 

Note 6 - Related Party Transactions  

Initial Shares  

In connection with
the organization of the Company, a total of 4,312,500 shares of Class F common stock were sold to the Sponsor at a price of approximately
$0.006 per share for an aggregate of $25,000 (  Founder Shares  ). In December 2015 and February and March
2016, the Sponsor and the Company s officers returned an aggregate of 575,000, 862,500, and 575,000 Founder Shares, respectively,
at no cost. Also in March 2016, the Sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 253,670 Founder Shares at no cost upon receiving the underwriters 
notice of only a partial exercise of their over-allotment option. All of the Founder Shares forfeited were canceled by the Company. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (UNAUDITED)   

Subject to certain
limited exceptions, 50% of the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold until the earlier of: (i) one year after
the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of the Company s
common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
150 days after the initial Business Combination, and the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned,
sold until six months after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent
to the Company s initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction which results in all of shareholders having the right to exchange their common stock
for cash, securities or other property.  

Note Payable   Related Party  

As of September 30,
2016, the Sponsor has loaned to the Company an aggregate of $275,000 to cover expenses related to the Company s formation
and the Initial Public Offering. This note, as amended on February 29, 2016, is payable without interest on the consummation of
the initial Business Combination and convertible, at the lender s discretion, into additional Private Placement Warrants
at $0.75 per Warrant. 

Other General and Administrative Services  

The Sponsor, executive
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on the Company s behalf, including but not limited to identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Company s audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to the Sponsor, executive officers, directors or affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of
expenses that may be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons
in connection with activities on the Company s behalf, provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available
proceeds not deposited in the Trust Account, such expenses may not be reimbursed by the Company unless the Company consummates
an initial Business Combination. 

In connection
with the consummation of the Business Combination, or thereafter, the Company may retain KLR Group, LLC to provide certain financial
advisory, underwriting, capital raising, and other services for which they may receive fees. The amount of fees the Company may
pay to KLR Group, LLC will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services rendered by comparable investment banks for
such transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of the Company s audit committee pursuant to the audit
committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

The Company also pays
Ms. Thom, the Chief Financial Officer, an annual salary of $200,000 until December 31, 2016. Upon the consummation of the Business
Combination, Ms. Thom will be eligible to receive a bonus equal to the amount of salary from January 2017 through the Business
Combination date. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor for certain expenses incurred in connection
with the employment of Mr. Hanna, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Thom, including employment related taxes
(paid in connection with Ms. Thom s annual salary) and health benefits. 

Note 7 - Commitments and Contingencies  

Underwriting Agreement  

The Company granted
the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,200,000 additional Units to cover the over-allotment at the Initial Public
Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On March 21, 2016, the Company consummated the closing of the sale
of an additional of 185,320 Over-Allotment Units at $10.00 per Unit upon receiving notice of EBC s election to partially
exercise its over-allotment option. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $2 million, paid
in cash at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, plus an additional underwriting commission of approximately $46,000 in connection
with the partial exercise of the over-allotment, deferred until the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination.
No discounts or commissions will be paid on the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (UNAUDITED)   

The Company has also
engaged the underwriter as an advisor with the Company s Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with
the shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business  attributes, introduce the Company
to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities, assist the Company in obtaining shareholder
approval for the Business Combination, and assist the Company with the press releases and public filings in connection with the
Business Combination. The Company will pay the underwriter a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of the initial Business
Combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the partial exercise of over-allotment
option (or approximately $2.9 million) (exclusive of any applicable finders  fees which might become payable). Of such amount,
the Company may allocate 1% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering to other firms that assist the Company with the
initial Business Combination. 

Registration Rights  

The holders of the
Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares
of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants that may be issued upon conversion of
working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated March 10, 2016. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, EBC may not exercise its demand and  piggy-back  registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years
after March 10, 2016 and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. The holders of these securities are entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to completion
of the initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

The Company did not
register the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. However, the Company has agreed that as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than 30 days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use
the best efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants no later than 90 days after the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination, and
to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock until the Warrants expire or are redeemed. Notwithstanding
the forgoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants included
in the Units offered in the Initial Public Offering is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of the Company s
initial Business Combination, holders of Warrants may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during
any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant
to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by
surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the
product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise
price of the Warrants and the  fair market value  (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The  fair market
value  shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending
on the day prior to the date of exercise. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise
their Warrants on a cashless basis. 

Note 8 - Shareholder Equity  

Preferred Stock  

The Company is authorized
to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2016, no preferred stock
is issued or outstanding. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

  (UNAUDITED)   

Common Stock  

The Company is authorized
to issue 41,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, including (i) 35,000,000 shares of Class A common stock,
and (ii) 6,000,000 shares of Class F common stock. 

Each share of Class
F common stock is automatically convertible into its pro rata number of shares of Class A common stock on the business
day following the closing of the initial Business Combination, determined as follows: each share of Class F common stock shall
convert into such number of shares of Class A common stock that equals to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
of which shall be the total number of shares of Class A common stock into which all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class
F common stock shall be converted and the denominator of which shall be the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Class
F common stock at the time of conversion. 

In the case that additional
shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A common stock, are issued or
deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the Business Combination,
the conversion ratio will be adjusted so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares
of Class F common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of all shares of common
stock outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or
to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination or pursuant to Private Placement Warrants issued to Sponsor upon conversion
of working capital loans, after taking into account any Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the Business Combination. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company has issued an aggregate of 8,185,320 shares of Class A common stock and 2,046,330 shares of Class F common stock,
inclusive of 7,698,242 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption classified as temporary equity in the accompanying
condensed Balance Sheet. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis.  

References in this
report to  we,   us  or the  Company  refer to KLR Energy Acquisition Corp. References to our
 management  or our  management team  refers to our officers and directors. The following discussion and
analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may, 
 should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   continue,  or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions.
Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC
filings.  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our condensed financial statements and related notes
thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Overview  

We are a blank check
company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend
to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement,
our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt.  

In March 2016, we
consummated our Initial Public Offering of 8,185,320 Units (including the Units sold in connection with the exercise of the underwriter s
over-allotment option) at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately $81.9 million. Offering costs associated
with the Initial Public Offering were approximately $2.6 million, inclusive of $2 million of underwriting commissions paid upon
closing of the Initial Public Offering and approximately $46,000 of underwriting commissions deferred until the completion of the
initial Business Combination. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, including the exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the Private
Placement of 8,408,838 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $0.75 per Private Placement Warrant, of which 7,863,150
Private Placement Warrants were sold to the Sponsor, and 545,688 Private Placement Warrants were sold to EBC and its
designees, the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering, generating gross proceeds of approximately
$6.3 million. Underwriting commission of approximately $46,000 were deferred until the completion of our initial Business
Combination. 

An aggregate of approximately
$85.1 million ($10.40 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering, the Over-Allotment
Units, and the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank maintained by Continental Stock
Transfer   Trust Company, acting as trustee, and is invested in U.S. government treasury bills, until the earlier of (i)
the consummation of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the Company s failure to consummate a Business Combination by
September 16, 2017. One of our officers has agreed to be personally liable if we liquidate the Trust Account prior to the consummation
of a Business Combination or upon mandatory liquidation to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced by the
claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted
for or products sold to our company. However, such officer may not be able to satisfy those obligations should they arise. The
remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective
merger or acquisition candidates and continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally, the interest earned on the Trust
Account balance may be released to us for any amounts that are necessary to pay the Company s income tax obligations.   

Our management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Policy  

Common stock subject to possible redemption  

We account for our
common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 480   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity .  Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is
classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock
that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of
uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified
as stockholders  equity. Our common stock feature certain redemption rights that is considered to be outside of our control
and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September, 2016, the Class A common stock that is subject
to possible redemption at the redemption amount is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders  equity section
of our Balance Sheet. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not
believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.  

Results of Operations  

We have not generated
any revenues to date, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business
Combination. Our entire activity up to September 30, 2016 was related to our company s formation, the Initial Public Offering,
and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, a search for a Business Combination candidate. We have, and expect to continue
to generate small amounts of non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. We expect to continue
to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, we had net losses of approximately $102,000, which consisted solely of operating expenses of approximately
$174,000 and offset by interest income from our Trust Account of $72,000. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, we had net losses of approximately $385,000, which consisted solely of operating expenses of approximately
$529,000 and offset by interest income from our Trust Account of $144,000. 

For the period from
September 21, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015, we had minimal operating activities and had net losses of approximately $5,000,
which consisted solely of operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30,
2016, we had approximately $369,000 in our operating bank account, approximately $85.3 million in cash and cash equivalents held
in the Trust Account and working capital of approximately $266,000. 

We presently have
no revenue; our net losses were approximately $385,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and consist primarily of professional
fees relating to the Initial Public Offering, and costs related to our search for a Business Combination. Through September 30,
2016, our liquidity needs were satisfied through receipt of approximately $735,000 held outside of the Trust Account from the sale
of Units upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, $25,000 from the sale of the insider shares, and proceeds from notes payable
from the Sponsor in an aggregate amount of $275,000. 

In order to meet our
ongoing working capital needs, the Sponsor, or its affiliates, or certain executive officers and directors, may, but are not obligated
to, loan us funds as may be required. The loans would either be repaid upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, or,
at the lender s discretion, up to $1.5 million of such loans (including $275,000 in loans currently outstanding as of September
30, 2016) may be converted upon consummation of our Business Combination into additional Private Placement Warrants at a price
of $0.75 per Warrant. If we do not complete a Business Combination, the loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside of
the Trust Account. 

Based on the foregoing,
we believe that we will have sufficient working capital to meet our needs through the earlier of consummation of a Business Combination
or September 16, 2017. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and
evaluating prospective merger or acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for
travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the
Business Combination. We anticipate that its uses of cash for the next twelve months will be approximately $400,000 of expenses
for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence
investigations, structuring and negotiating of a Business Combination. 

Related Party Transactions  

Initial Shares  

In connection with
the organization of our company, a total of 4,312,500 shares of Class F common stock were sold to the Sponsor at a price of approximately
$0.006 per share for an aggregate of $25,000 (  Founder Shares  ). In December 2015 and February and March
2016, the Sponsor and our officers returned an aggregate of 575,000, 862,500, and 575,000 Founder Shares, respectively, at no cost.
Also in March 2016, the Sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 253,670 Founder Shares at no cost upon receiving the underwriters 
notice of only a partial exercise of their over-allotment option. All of the Founder Shares forfeited were canceled by us. 

Subject to certain
limited exceptions, 50% of the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold until the earlier of: (i) one year after
the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our common stock
equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 150 days after
the initial business combination, and the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold until six
months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our
initial Business Combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
which results in all of shareholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property.  

Note Payable   Related Party  

As of September 30,
2016, the Sponsor has loaned to us an aggregate of $275,000 to cover expenses related to our formation and the Initial Public Offering.
This note, as amended on February 29, 2016, is payable without interest on the consummation of the initial Business Combination
and convertible, at the lender s discretion, into additional Private Placement Warrants at $0.75 per Warrant. 

Other General and Administrative Services  

Our Sponsor, executive
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf, including but not limited to identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor,
executive officers, directors or affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that may be reimbursed.
There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities
on our behalf, provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the Trust Account,
such expenses may not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial Business Combination. 

In connection with
the consummation of our business combination, or thereafter, we may retain KLR Group, LLC to provide certain financial advisory,
underwriting, capital raising, and other services for which they may receive fees. The amount of fees we may pay to KLR Group,
LLC will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services rendered by comparable investment banks for such transactions
at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures
relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

We also pay Ms. Thom,
our Chief Financial Officer, an annual salary of $200,000 until December 31, 2016. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination,
Ms. Thom will be eligible to receive a bonus equal to the amount of salary from January 2017 through the Business Combination date.
In addition, we agreed to reimburse an affiliate of our Sponsor for certain expenses incurred in connection with the employment
of Mr. Hanna, our Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Thom, including employment related taxes (paid in connection with Ms. Thom s
annual salary) and health benefits. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We did not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2016. 

JOBS Act  

On April 5, 2012,
the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements
for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an   emerging growth company   and under the JOBS Act
will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded)
companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with
new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth
companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are
in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an   emerging growth company  , we choose to rely
on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system
of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may
be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii)
comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s
report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv)
disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and
comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years
following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an   emerging growth company,  
whichever is earlier. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk  

As of September 30,
2016, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the net
proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, may be invested in U.S. government treasury bills,
notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries. Due to
the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2016, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this
evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period
covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There was no change
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016 covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 6.  Exhibits.  

Exhibit No. 
       
     Description  
 
     31.1* 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     31.2* 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  
 
     32.1** 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
        Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS* 
       
     XBRL Instance Document.  
 
     101.SCH* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema.  
 
     101.CAL* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.  
 
     101.DEF* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.  
 
     101.PRE* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.  
 
     101.LAB* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase.  

*   Filed herewith. 

**  Furnished herewith. 

SIGNATURE  

In accordance with
the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

KLR ENERGY ACQUISITION CORP.  

By: 
     /s/ Gary C. Hanna    

Gary C. Hanna  

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

By: 
     /s/ T.J. Thom    

T.J. Thom  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Date:   November 9, 2016 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104429_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED  

I, Gary C, Hanna, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of KLR Energy Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant
to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313) 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Gary C. Hanna  

Name: 
     Gary C. Hanna  

Title: 
     
         Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104429_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14  

  UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED  

I, T.J. Thom, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of KLR Energy Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant
to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313) 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ T.J. Thom  

Name: 
     T.J. Thom  

Title: 
     
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104429_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of KLR Energy Acquisition Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and
on the dates indicated below, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Gary C. Hanna  

Name: 
     Gary C. Hanna  

Title: 
     
         Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
         (Principal Executive Officer)     

/s/ T.J. Thom  

Name: 
     T.J. Thom  

Title: 
     
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 klreu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 klreu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 klreu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 klreu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 klreu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 klreu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

