<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161115_10-Q-A_edgar_data_863895_0001615774-16-008349_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2215771</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>55550</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>154687</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>402659</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>932940</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>626394</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008349.hdr.sgml : 20161115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115115002
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008349
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NaturalNano, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000863895
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		IRS NUMBER:				870646435
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49901
		FILM NUMBER:		161998554

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		763 LINDEN AVENUE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14625
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(585) 267-4848

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		763 LINDEN AVENUE
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NaturalNano , Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NaturalNano Research, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051221

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATURALNANO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051208

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008349.txt : 20161115

10-Q/A
 1
 s104635_10qa.htm
 10-Q/A

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q/A1  

For the quarterly period ended:                                       June
30, 2016                                        

or 

For the transition period from                                                                   
to                                                                    

Commission File Number:                                   000-49901                                 

NATURALNANO, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

727-391-0378   

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes  x    No     

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its Website, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes  x    No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes       No  x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:   3,342,325 as of September 14, 2016   

Table of Contents  

PART I-FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015   
      
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Deficiency (unaudited) for the six months ended June 30, 2016   
      
      6   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015   
      
     7  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      
     8  

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
      
      17   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      
      21   

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      
      22   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      
      22   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      
      23   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      
      23   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      
      23   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      
      24   

SIGNATURES    
      
      25   

EXPLANATORY NOTE  

The purpose of this Amendment No. 1 to the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2016 of NaturalNano, Inc. (the  Company ), filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on September 14, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ), is for the following: 

a.  To respond to the SEC Comment letter of September 27, 2016 to restate financial results given that Omni Shrimp, Inc. is the accounting acquirer of NaturalNano, Inc. As such, there is no operating activity prior to the acquisition of June
30, 2016. Financial statements represent the operating activity between June 24, 2016 through June 30, 2016.   

c.  To correct Footnote 2. Notes Payable to agree to the balances set forth in b. above   

d.  To accurately reflect the Management s Discussion and Analysis to take into the account the revised accounting
                                                                treatment in order to be in compliance with the SEC Comment letter   

No other changes have been made to the Form 10-Q. This Amendment
No. 1 to the Form 10-Q speaks as of the original filing date of the Form 10-Q, does not reflect events that may have occurred subsequent
to the original filing date, and does not modify or update in any way disclosures made in the original Form 10-Q. 

Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the interactive data files
on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 

Item 1.  Financial Statements  

Omni Shrimp, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.  

Omni Shrimp, Inc. 

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (Unaudited) 

*- Omni Shrimp was incorporated on September 22, 2015 so there was
no operating history for the three or six months ended June 30, 2015 

See accompanying notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.  

Omni Shrimp, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficiency 

 For the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014 

 (Audited) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements.  

Omni Shrimp, Inc. 

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Acquisition      

Date (June 29, 
 2016) through     

June 30, 2016     

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:    

Net Income (loss)    
     $  6,329     

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:    

Cash overdraft at Natural Nano Inc.    
        (151  )  

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:    

Accounts Receivable    
        (2,094  )  
 
     Inventory    
        (38,839  )  
 
     Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses    
        40,625     
 
     Accrued Interest    
        135     

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES    
        6,005     

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:    
        -     

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:    
        -     

NET CHANGE IN CASH    
        6,005     

Cash at Acquisition Date    
        85,795     

Cash at end of period    
     $  91,800     

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:    

Cash paid during the period for interest    
     $  -     
 
     Cash paid during the period for income taxes    
     $  -     

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:    

Common stock issued for settlement of convertible debentures    
     $       
 
     Debt and accrued interest cancelled through forebearance agreeement    
     $  -     

See accompanying notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.   

NaturalNano, Inc.  

  For the six months ended June 30, 2016  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (unaudited)  

1.    PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ACTIVITY, MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Interim Financial Statements  

 The condensed consolidated financial statements
as of June 30, 2016 and for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. However, in the opinion
of management of the Company, these condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all material adjustments, consisting solely
of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the consolidated financial position and results of operations for
such interim periods. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results
to be obtained for a full year. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule
8-03 of Regulation S-X for smaller reporting companies.  Accordingly, these condensed consolidated financial statements
do not include all of the information required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements.  These
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements
and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Liquidity and Going Concern  

 Going Concern - The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company generated net income for the six months ended June
30, 2016 of approximately $937,000 and had negative working capital and stockholders  deficiency of approximately $3,628,000
at June 30, 2016. Since, inception the Company s growth has been funded through a combination of convertible and non-convertible
debt from private investors, issuances of common stock and from cash advances from its former parent Technology Innovations, LLC.
These factors, among others, may indicate that the Company will be unable to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period
of time. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flow to
meet its obligations, to obtain additional financing, renegotiate the terms of existing financing obligations and ultimately to
attain successful operations. The ability to successfully achieve those items is uncertain. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty. 

As of June 30, 2016, the Company continued
to require waivers for debt covenant violations and extensions of maturity dates. Refer to Note 2 for lender waivers and maturity
extensions received from the lenders. 

Basis of Consolidation    

 The condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of NaturalNano, Inc. ( NaturalNano  or the  Company ), a Nevada corporation, and its
wholly owned subsidiaries Omni Shrimp, Inc., a Florida corporation. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. 

Accounting for Reverse Capitalization  

The Company follows the guidelines set forth
in  Topic 12: Reverse Acquisitions and Reverse Capitalizations of the SEC Financial Reporting  Manual ( SEC Manual )
for the acquisition of Omni Shrimp, Inc. ( Omni ) (See  Material Definitive Agreement  below.) For both accounting
and legal purposes, Omni Shrimp, Inc. ( Omni ) has been deemed the acquiring entity due to the fact that the owners
of Omni have effective voting and operating control of the combined company. The Company believes it was not a shell company 

On July 5, 2016, the staff
of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Division of Corporation Finance advised the Company that in light of the information
set forth in the Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2016, the Staff was of the opinion that the Company was a  shell company 
as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. The Company replied with a letter to
the Staff contesting the factual basis of such determination, and the Staff replied with a subsequent letter affirming its prior
determination. 

The Company intends to
have further communications with the Staff regarding their determination as to the Company s shell company status. 

The financial statements
enclosed herewith were prepared on the assumption that the Company was not a shell company on June 23, 2016 and is not a shell
company at the present time. 

Pursuant to the SEC Manual, the Company filed
a form 8-K/A on September 1, 2016. In Item 9.01 of that filing, the Company reported the required financial statements, including
audited financial statements of Omni and pro forma financial information. 

Material Definitive Agreement  

The Company
announced on June 23, 2016 (the  Effective Date ) , it entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the
 Exchange Agreement ) with all of the shareholders of Omni Shrimp, Inc., a Florida corporation ( Omni ),
pursuant to which the shareholders exchanged with the Company all of the outstanding shares of stock of Omni and Omni
thereupon became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In consideration for the exchange of those Omni
shares, the Company issued 28,500 shares of a newly created Series E Preferred Stock of the Company (the
 Series E Preferred Stock ). Omni is deemed to be the accounting acquirer under the Share Exchange Agreement. 

As a result of their ownership
of the Series E Preferred Stock, the Omni shareholders acquired the right to vote 95% of the voting control of the Company. The
Series E Preferred Stock is also convertible into common stock which, in the aggregate, would represent up to 95% of the outstanding
common stock after the conversion. In addition, on the Effective Date, the holders of all of the Company's outstanding Series B
and Series D Preferred Stock, including James Wemett, who is a director of the Company and was an officer and principal
shareholder of the company prior to the effective date, as the holder of the Series D shares, surrendered those shares to
the Company. 

Additionally, on the Effective
Date the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with James Wemett, the former President and CEO, pursuant to which Mr.
Wemett acquired all right, title and interest to the existing business activities of the Company prior to that date; specifically,
those activities were (i) developing and commercializing material additives based on a technology utilizing halloysite nanotubes
and (ii) reselling Ebola personal protective equipment and ancillary supplies, and assumed the related liabilities. In connection
with that transaction, Mr. Wemett waived all accumulated compensation due to him from the Company. 

In connection with the
Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company and Mr. Wemett exchanged releases, and the Company issued to Mr. Wemett a six year divisible
Warrant with cashless exercise to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock at a purchase price of $0.05 per
share. 

Surrender and Amendment Agreement ( Surrender and Amendment )   

Concurrent with the Material Definitive Agreement
on the Effective Date, owners of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes and Promissory Notes agreed to surrender the following back
to the Company: 

The Company did not issue any additional consideration
for these securities. Fro purposes of these financial statements, the total forgiveness of $229,847 was recorded as part of additional
paid in capital of NaturalNano on the Equity section of these financial statements 

 In addition, the Company retired the following
owned by its former Chief Executive Officer 

100 shares of Series D Preferred stock 

Concurrent with this retirement, the Company
issued 2,000,000 warrants at $.05 per share for a period of six years. The related stock based compensation has been recorded as
a charge against additional paid in capital of NaturalNano, Inc. as a part of these financial statements. 

Description of the Business  

Omni Shrimp ( Omni ) is a subsidiary
of the Company and was incorporated on September 22, 2015 in the State of Florida. Omni is a provider of shrimp in the United States.
According to Marine Science Today Magazine, shrimp is the most eaten seafood within the United States. Shrimps come in many varieties
which are differentiated by their color. 

The highest quality shrimp are called  pinks 
and are primarily located in American waters off the Florida coast. The Company specializes in these  Key West pinks 
which are enjoyed as  peel and eat  or in a wide variety of recipes. The harvesting season for pinks is from November
through June. Throughout the year, Omni also harvests  brown  and  white  shrimp. 

Omni believes that it differentiates itself
from its competitors not only by the quality of its product but its relationships with distributors allowing it to get its product
to market as quickly as possible in order to guarantee freshness and taste. Our contacted vessels have refrigeration units on board
which lock in freshness, and we use a processor in Louisiana which allows our haul to get out to the dining public within two to
three days of catch resulting in as tasty a dining experience as possible. 

Most consumers in the United States are not
aware of the origin of their store-bought shrimp or that which they consume in restaurants.   Omni s shrimp
product is free of pesticide, chemicals and antibiotics, a fact that we believe is highly attractive and beneficial in terms of
our eventual marketing success. 

Estimates  

 The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ
materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate such estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. The Fair Value Measurement Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The
hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1
measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:  

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial
instrument.   

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company s own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities
at fair value.   

A financial asset or liability s classification
within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The carrying
amounts reported in the balance sheet of cash, accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses
approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. The fair value of notes
payable approximates their carrying value as the terms of this debt reflects market conditions. The Company s derivative
liability was determined utilizing Level 3 inputs. 

Derivative Financial Instruments  

 The Company does not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine
if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at
each reporting date, with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative
financial instruments, the Company estimated the total enterprise value based upon trending the firm value from December 2006 to
June 2016 considering company specific factors including the changes in forward estimated revenues and market factors, market multiples
for comparable companies, and the Company s market share price, all equally weighted.  Once the enterprise value was
determined an option pricing model was used to allocate the enterprise value to the individual derivative securities in the Company s
capital structure.  The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as
liabilities or equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the
balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required
within twelve months of the balance sheet date. 

Reclassifications  

 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the current year presentation. 

Discontinued Operations  

We classified our Nanotechnology and Viral Protec businesses as
discontinued operations. The Balance sheet, Statements of Operations and Statements of Cash flows for these businesses are separately
reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

Income Taxes  

 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with FASB ASC 740 which requires recognition of estimated income taxes payable or refundable on income tax returns for the current
year and for the estimated future tax effect attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards. Measurement of deferred
income tax items is based on enacted tax laws including tax rates, with the measurement of deferred income tax assets being reduced
by available tax benefits not expected to be realized.  The Company recognizes penalties and accrued interest related to unrecognized
tax benefits in income tax expense. Income tax expense was $0 for the three and six month periods ending June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Net income/ (Loss) Per Share  

 Loss per common share is computed by dividing
net income or loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income or loss
per common share gives effect to dilutive convertible preferred stock, convertible debt, options and warrants outstanding during
the period. Shares to be issued upon the exercise of these instruments have not been included in the computation of diluted loss
per share as their effect is anti-dilutive based on the net loss incurred. 

As of June 30, 2016 and 2015 there were 139,561,843
and 25,940,237 shares, respectively, underlying preferred stock, convertible debt, outstanding options and warrants that could
potentially dilute future earnings. In addition to these potentially dilutive shares as of June 30, 2015 were an additional 6,666,667
reserved shares underlying the July 23, 2014 Exchange and Right to Shares Agreement with Cape One Master Fund II LLP further described
in Note 2 below. 

These potentially dilutive shares have been
limited by certain debt and equity agreements with lenders. These agreements provide limitations on the conversion of the dilutive
instruments such that the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquired by the holder upon conversion of such instruments
shall be limited to ensure that following such conversion the total number of shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by
the holder does not exceed 4.99% of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Company does not have
sufficient authorized shares to satisfy conversion of all the potentially dilutive instruments.  

Shares associated with the issuance of Series
E Preferred stock are reported on an as converted basis 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

 In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-011 to Topic 330, Inventory. This ASU requires
entities using inventory costing methods other than last-in-first-out and retail inventory method to value their inventory at the
lower of cost and net realizable value. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and is to be applied
prospectively. Early adoption of this ASU is permitted. The Company does not expect adoption of this ASU to have a material impact
on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2.    NOTES PAYABLE  

Notes payable at June 30, 2016 consisted of the following: 

Notes Issued Under Surrender and Amendment Agreement  

On the Effect tive date, the Company entered into the Surrender
and Amendment Agreement. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company entered into certain modificiations of outstanding indebtedness
to four bondholders. 

In total, the Company retired $150, 436 and $79,411 of accrued interest.
See  Surrender and Amendment Agreement  in Note 1. above, 

Each Amending Holder waives
any reset, repricing or ratchet right such Amending Holder may have related to the Retained Notes for any issuances of the Company's
common stock or common stock equivalents that have occurred prior to the date of this Agreement. 

b. The issuance of the
Series E Preferred Shares pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement shall be an Exempt Issuance (as define in the Retained Notes)
and shall not trigger any reset, repricing or ratchet right such Amending Holder may have related to the Retained Notes. 

c. The Conversion Price
of the Retained Notes is amended to be the lower of: (i) the conversion price as would be in effect pursuant to the terms of the
Retained Notes as currently in effect; or (ii) 50% of the lowest closing bid price of the Company's common stock on its principal
trading market as reported by Bloomberg LP, for the twenty trading days prior to the date of conversion. 

d. The Maturity Date of
the Retained Notes is hereby extended to one year from the date of this Agreement. 

e. Except for the notes
held by Oscaleta Partners LLC All interest that has accrued through the date hereof is waived and all interest that will accrue
on the Retained Notes will be payable on the Maturity Date. 

The following lists the creditors and the amounts owed to each 

Cape One Master
Notes    

On December 15, 2015, NaturalNano Corp. exchanged 6,666,667 shares
for Notes totaling $344,000. These notes are due on June 30, 2017 and are convertible at $.02 per share 

Surrender and AmendmentSurrender and Amendment  

Bridge Loans  

Bridge loans are short term notes taken on demand. They totaled
$161,528 at June 30, 2016 as follows: 

The $133,743 at Omni Shrimp, Inc. was as follows: 

3.    SEGMENT INFORMATION  

Subsequent to the Acquisition of Omni and the disposition of the
Nanotechnology and Viral Protec businesses, the Company operates in only segment, Shrimp. Therefore, Segment data is not required. 

4.    DERIVATIVE LIABILITY  

For stock based derivative financial instruments,
the Company estimated the total enterprise value based upon a combination of the trending of the firm value from December 2006
to June 2016, market comparables, and the market value of the Company s stock, considering company specific factors including
the changes in forward estimated revenues and market factors.  Once the enterprise value was determined an option pricing
model was used to allocate the enterprise value to the individual derivative and other securities in the Company s capital
structure.  The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities
or equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet
as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within twelve
months of the balance sheet date. 

The Company s derivative liabilities
as of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

The debt conversion feature embedded in the various Convertible Promissory Notes which contain
anti-dilution provisions that would be triggered if the Company issued instruments with rights to the Company s common stock
at prices below this exercise price (described in Note 2.)   

Derivative liabilities related to outstanding warrants and options due to the Company having insufficient
authorized shares to satisfy the exercise or conversion of all outstanding instruments as of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   

The fair value of the derivative liabilities as of June 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

5.    STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY  

Authorized Common Stock:  In 2013 the
Company received a unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting from the members of the Board of Directors and a written consent
from the Series D stockholder to amend its articles of incorporation to increase the Company s authorized common shares to
800,000,000 common shares. As of June 30, 2016 there were approximately 140 million shares underlying preferred stock, convertible
debt, outstanding options and warrants that could potentially dilute future earnings. The company does not have sufficient authorized
shares to facilitate conversion of all the potentially dilutive instrument. 

Preferred Stock Issuances  

 The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is
convertible into 95% of the Company s common stock and votes on an as-converted basis.  The Series E designation limits
the holders  rights to convert its Convertible Preferred Stock, and the aggregate voting powers, to no more than 4.99% of
the votes attributable to the total outstanding common shares. As a result of the Company not having sufficient authorized
shares to satisfy the conversion of all outstanding convertible debt, share rights, convertible preferred stock, warrants and options,
the Series B preferred shares have been moved into temporary equity classification on the balance sheet. 

Preferred Stock Cancellations  

As a part of the Surrender and Amendment agreement,
5,000 shares of Series B Preferred stock and 100 shares of Series D Preferred stock were also cancelled. 

Warrants Grants  

 The Company has issued warrants to purchase
shares of its common stock to certain consultants and debt holders. As of June 23, 2016 and December 31, 2015 there were common
stock warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 2,917,941 and 1,217,941 shares of common stock, respectively, pursuant to
the warrant grant agreements. 

On February 15, 2015, the Company granted a
total of 300,000 warrants to the Company s board members. These warrants, included in the summary below, grant the right
to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share. The warrants were fully vested as of the grant date
and contain a cashless exercise provision. The fair value of the warrants on the date of grant was determined using the Black-Scholes
model and was measured on the date of grant at $61,106.  An expected volatility assumption of 140% was used based on
the volatility of the Company s stock price utilizing a look-back basis and the risk-free interest rate of 1.62% which was
derived from the U.S. treasury yields on the date of grant.  The market price of the Company s common stock on
the grant date was $0.22 per share.  The expiration date used in the valuation model aligns with the warrant life of
five years as indicated in the agreements.  The dividend yield was assumed to be zero. 

On January 6, 2016, the Company granted a total
of 450,000 warrants to the Company s board members and one consultant. These warrants, included in the summary below, grant
the right to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.02 per share. The warrants were fully vested as of the
grant date and contain a cashless exercise provision. The fair value of the warrants on the date of grant was determined using
the Black-Scholes model and was measured on the date of grant at $25,292.  An expected volatility assumption of 140%
was used based on the volatility of the Company s stock price utilizing a look-back basis and the risk-free interest rate
of 1.00% which was derived from the U.S. treasury yields on the date of grant.  The market price of the Company s
common stock on the grant date was $0.06 per share.  The expiration date used in the valuation model aligns with the
warrant life of five years as indicated in the agreements.  The dividend yield was assumed to be zero 

On June 23, 2016, the Company granted a total of 2,000,000 warrants
to the Company s former Chief Executive Officer. These warrants, included in the summary below, grant the right to purchase
one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.05 per share. The warrants were fully vested as of the grant date and contain
a cashless exercise provision. The fair value of the warrants on the date of grant was determined using the Black-Scholes model
and was measured on the date of grant at $.031.  An expected volatility assumption of 140% was used based on the volatility
of the Company s stock price utilizing a look-back basis and the risk-free interest rate of 1.00% which was derived from
the U.S. treasury yields on the date of grant.  The market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date
was $0.034 per share.  The expiration date used in the valuation model aligns with the warrant life of six years as indicated
in the agreements.  The dividend yield was assumed to be zero. 

A summary of the outstanding warrants is presented below: 

6.    INCENTIVE STOCK PLANS  

A summary of the status of the outstanding incentive stock plans
is presented below: 

All compensation costs for the above options
have been previously recognized in operations.  As of June 30, 2016, the aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding
and exercisable was $0. There were no option grants made in the three month periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

7.    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

Issuance of Common shares
and Conversion of debt   

On July 6, 2016, the Company issued
142,811 shares due to the conversion of $1,000 of notes payable plus $785 of accrued interest. 

On August 9, 2016, the Company issued
143,602 shares due to the conversion of $230 of notes payable plus $653 of accrued interest. 

On August 23, 2016, the Company
issued 144,254 shares due to the conversion of $125 of notes payable plus $100 of accrued interest. 

Change in Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm    

On August 3, 2016, the Board of
Directors of the Company notified Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C ( Freed Maxick ) that it had determined to dismiss them as
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of August 3, 2016. Also on August 3, 2016, the
Board determined to engage Scrudato   Co., PA as its new independent registered public accounting firm to replace Freed Maxick.
Please see our form 8-K filed on August 3, 2016 for more detail. 

Issuance of Debt   

On August 8, 2016, the Company
borrowed $15,000 from a third party. The convertible promissory note bears interest at 10% per annum and matures on August  1,
2017. The third party has the option to convert all or a portion of the note plus accrued interest into common stock at a conversion
price equal to 50% of the lowest closing bid price for the twenty days prior to the conversion. 

On August 29, 2016, the Company
borrowed $15,000 from a third party. The convertible promissory note bears interest at 10% per annum and matures on September 1,
2017. The third party has the option to convert all or a portion of the note plus accrued interest into common stock at a conversion
price equal to 50% of the lowest closing bid price for the twenty days prior to the conversion. 

New Lease   

Commencing August 1, 2016, the Company
entered into a lease for a period of twelve months for its Madeira Beach location. The monthly rent will be $1,500. 

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other
reports that we file with the SEC contain statements that are considered forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
These include statements about our expectations, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terminology such as  anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   potential, 
 projects,   continuing,   ongoing,   expects,   management believes, 
 we believe,   we intend  and similar expressions. Such forward looking statements include statements addressing
operating performance, events or developments that the Company expects or anticipates will occur in the future, including statements
relating to revenue realization, revenue growth, earnings, earnings per share, or similar projections. These statements involve
estimates, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed for the reasons
described in this report. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  

You should be aware that our actual results
could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors such as: 

the ability to raise capital to fund our operations until we generate adequate cash flow internally;   

the terms and timing of product sales and licensing agreements;   

our ability to enter into strategic partnering and joint development agreements;   

our ability to competitively market our controlled release and filled tube products;   

the successful implementation of research and development programs;   

our ability to attract and retain key personnel;   

general market conditions.   

Our actual results may differ materially from
management s expectations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
included herewith.  This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily
continue in the future, or that any conclusion reached herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating performance in
the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment of our management.  

The forward-looking statements speak only as
of the date on which they are made, and except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to
update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to
which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. 

The Company   

Omni Shrimp  

 On June 23, 2016, the Company announced a new
business line, Omni Shrimp, located in Madeira Beach, Florida on the Gulf of Mexico. It is a fast growing seller of wild American
shrimp. It is a wholesaler of locally caught shrimp, predominantly the highly popular Key West pink variety, to large distributors
in the US, who then resell the product to grocery store chains, restaurants and other retail stores in the Florida, Boston and
New York markets. According to Marine Science Today Magazine, shrimp is the most eaten seafood within the United States. Shrimps
come in many varieties which are differentiated by their color. 

Omni believes that it differentiates itself
from its competitors not only by the quality of its product but its relationships with distributors allowing it to get its product
to market as quickly as possible in order to guarantee freshness and taste. 

NaturalNano is domiciled in the state of Nevada
as a result of the merger with Cementitious Materials, Inc., ( CMI ), which was completed on November 29, 2005. 

Liquidity   

Going Concern - The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company generated net income for the six months ended June
30, 2016 of approximately $936,000,but used approximately $520,000 in cash from operations had negative working capital and stockholders 
deficiency of approximately $3,627,000 at June 30, 2016. Since inception the Company s growth has been funded through a combination
of convertible and non-convertible debt from private investors and sales of common stock. These factors, among others, may indicate
that the Company will be unable to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The Company s continuation
as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations, to obtain additional
financing, renegotiate the terms of existing financing obligations and ultimately to attain successful operations. The ability
to successfully achieve those items is uncertain. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the uncertainty.  

As of June 30, 2016 the Company owed approximately
$2,520,000 to lenders in the form of notes payable, lines of credit and accrued interest. Much of this debt is convertible into
the Company s common stock at terms beneficial to the lenders compared to the market price of the Company s common
stock. The Company continues to rely on these lenders to provide additional loans to cover Company expenses and to provide forbearance
agreements extending the due dates of the various notes. As of June 30, 2016, the Company continued to require waivers for debt
covenant violations and extensions of maturity dates. Certain of these lenders have increased the interest rate on the June 30
2016. 

Operating activities  

 Net cash generated in operating
activities from period of Acquisition (June 23, 2016) through the June 30, 2016 was $6,005.  

Investing activities  

 From date of Acquisition (June 23, 2016) through the June 30, 2016,
there were no cash flows from investing activities. 

Financing Activities  

 From date of Acquisition (June 23, 2016) through
June 30, 2016 there were no cash flows from financing activities. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

 Refer to the Company s December 31, 2015
report on Form 10K for a complete discussion of the critical accounting policies which have not changed during the three months
ended June 30, 2016.   

Comparison of Statement of Operations
for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015   

Revenue and Gross Profit   

Revenues and Cost of goods sold for the three
months and six months ended June 30, 2016 were $50,852 and $44,388, respectively. These represent revenues for the period of June
24 through June 30 for Omni Shrimp, Inc. Gross profit was $6,464 or 13% of sales. 

There were no revenues and gross margin in
the three months and six months ended June 30, 2015. 

Operating Expenses   

There were no General and Administrative Expenses from the date
of acquisition (June 23, 2016) through June 30, 2016. 

Other Income (expense), net for the June 30, 2016   

Other income (expense) for the date
of acquisition (June 23, 2016) through June 30, 2016 was ($135) aand represented interest expense on the outstanding
indebtedness of Omni Shrimp from from the date of acquisition through June 30, 2016. 

 There was no interest expense for the period
ended June 30, 2015. 

Consolidated net (loss) income for the
period from Acquisition (June 23, 2016) through June 30, 2016   

From the date of acquisition through June 30, 2016 the Company recorded consolidated net income of $6,329. There were no operations for the period ended June 30, 2015. There
were no operations for the period ended June 30, 2015.  

Item 4. - Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining effective disclosure controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance
that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the CEO as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on this evaluation, and in light of the
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 our Chief Executive Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective. The material weaknesses consist of an insufficient complement of qualified accounting personnel and controls associated
with segregation of duties and ineffective controls associated with identifying and accounting for complex and non-routine transactions
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

The Company did not maintain a sufficient complement
of qualified accounting personnel and controls associated with the segregation of duties were ineffective. Notwithstanding these
material weaknesses, management believes that the financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present,
in all material respects, our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

There can be no assurance, however, that our
disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries
to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. There are inherent limitations to
the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention
or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable,
not absolute, assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

There have been no material developments to
the legal proceeding disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

None 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

The Company entered into Forbearance Agreements
with Alpha Capital Anstalt, Marlin Capital Investments and Bull Hunter LLC effective on January 1, 2015 and March 5, 2015, and
June 30, 2016 relating to the Company s default on various terms and conditions with borrowing agreements. The lenders agreed
to not take any action or exercise or move to enforce any rights or remedies provided for in the various loan documents or otherwise
available to it, under law or equity, due to the events of default under the existing Senior Secured Convertible and Promissory
Notes until November 30, 2015. The lenders increased the interest rate on certain of these debt agreements to 18% during the forbearance
period. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits  

Exhibit  
 No.  
       
      Description   

31.1  
       
      Certification of principal executive officer and principal accounting officer pursuant to section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   

32.1  
       
      Certification of principal executive officer and principal accounting officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      *   

101  
       
      Interactive data files formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Deficiency, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
       
      *   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  
       
      *   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
       
      *   
 
      101CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
       
      *   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
       
      *   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
       
      *   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
       
      *   

*  
      Filed herewith   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

NaturalNano, Inc.    

Date:  
     November  15, 2016  
       
      /s/ Colm Wrynn   

Colm Wrynn   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104635_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Colm Wrynn, certify that: 

1.            I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10Q of NaturalNano, Inc. (the  registrant ) for the three months ended June
30, 2016;  

2.            Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;  

3.            Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.           
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a. 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b. 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c. 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d. 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.           
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b. 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Dated: November 15, 2016 

/s/ Colm Wrynn 

Colm Wrynn 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.2>
 3
 s104635_ex32-2.htm
 EWXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

The undersigned, Colm Wrynn, Acting President,
and Chief Executive Officer, of NaturalNano, Inc. (the  Company ) certifies, under the standards set forth and solely
for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of
our knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three months ended June 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-Q fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and  results  of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  November 15, 2016 

/s/ Colm Wrynn 

Colm Wrynn 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 nnan-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nnan-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 nnan-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 nnan-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 nnan-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nnan-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

