<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1473597_0001171843-16-013091_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4254351</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105959</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>315141</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>740311</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2034580</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>974978</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-013091.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109161621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-013091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STR HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001473597
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	UNSUPPORTED PLASTICS FILM & SHEET [3081]
		IRS NUMBER:				271023344
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34529
		FILM NUMBER:		161984443

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 WATER STREET
		CITY:			ENFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06082
		BUSINESS PHONE:		860 272 4235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 WATER STREET
		CITY:			ENFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06082

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STR Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STR Holdings (New) LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-013091.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 f10q_110916p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(mark one)  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30,
2016  

Or  

For the transition period from             to               

Commission file number 001 34529  

STR Holdings, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       27 1023344    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

10 Water Street, Enfield, Connecticut   
       
       06082    
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

(860) 272 4235  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES   NO   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES  
NO   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b 2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    
       
      Accelerated filer     

Non accelerated filer    
       
      Smaller reporting company     
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act). YES  
NO   

At October 31, 2016, there were 18,669,927 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding. 

INDEX TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016  

PAGE   
  NUMBER    
 
       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015	   
       2    
 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
       3    
 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)	   
       4    
 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements	   
       5    
 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations	   
       19    
 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk	   
       29    
 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures	   
       29    

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings	   
       29    
 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors	   
       29    
 
       Item 5. Other Information	   
       29    
 
       Item 6. Exhibits	   
       30    
 
       SIGNATURE	   
       31    

1   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (unaudited)  

  All amounts in thousands except share
and per share amounts  

See accompanying notes to these condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

2   

STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

  (unaudited)  

  All amounts in thousands except share
and per share amounts  

See accompanying notes to these condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

3   

STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (unaudited)  

  All amounts in thousands  

See accompanying notes to these condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

4   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements and the related interim information contained within the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial information
and quarterly reports on the Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and the notes required for complete
financial statements. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in STR Holdings, Inc. s (the  Company )
Annual Report on Form 10 K filed with the SEC on March 22, 2016. The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements, and in the opinion of management, reflect
all adjustments, consisting of only normal and recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s
financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented. The results for the interim periods
presented are not necessarily indicative of future results. 

The year-end Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheet data was derived from audited consolidated financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. 

On January 30, 2015, the Company filed
a Certificate of Amendment to its Restated Certificate of Incorporation in order to effect a one-for-three reverse split of its
common stock and its common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) on a split-adjusted basis on
February 2, 2015. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split. As a result of the reverse stock
split, the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock was reduced to 18,074,291 and 18,073,051,
respectively, at December 31, 2014. The change in the number of shares resulting from the reverse stock split has been applied
retroactively to all shares and per share amounts presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes. 

The preparation of the condensed consolidated
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from management s estimates. 

NOTE 2 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606). This ASU is intended to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue by removing
inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue requirements; providing a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues; improving
comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions and capital markets; and providing more
useful information to users of financial statements through improved revenue disclosure requirements. The provisions of this ASU
are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. On August 12, 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,
"Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date," which delays the effective date
of ASU 2014-09 by one year. The new standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early application
is permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The standard shall be applied retrospectively to each period
presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. In March, April and May 2016, the FASB clarified the
implementation guidance on principal versus agent, identifying performance obligations, licensing, and collectability. The Company
is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-01,  Financial Instruments
- Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The main objective of this update
is to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful
information. The new guidance addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial
instruments. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company does not expect this ASU to have a significant impact on its financial statements or disclosures. 

In March 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
"Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting." The objective of this update
is to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company does not expect this ASU to have a significant impact on its financial statements or disclosures. 

5   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 2 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (Continued)  

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
"Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments." This ASU is intended
to reduce diversity in practice in presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments by providing guidance
on eight specific cash flow issues. The provisions of this ASU are effective for years beginning after December 15, 2017, with
early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect this ASU to have a significant impact on its financial statements or disclosures. 

NOTE 3 TRANSACTION WITH ZHEN FA NEW ENERGY (U.S.) CO.,
LTD. AND ZHENFA ENERGY GROUP CO., LTD.  

The Company has entered into certain definitive
agreements with Zhenfa Energy Group Co., Ltd., a Chinese limited liability company ( Zhenfa ) and its affiliate,
Zhen Fa New Energy (U.S.) Co., Ltd., a Nevada corporation ( Zhenfa U.S. ). 

Purchase Agreement and Special Dividend   

On August 11, 2014, the Company entered
into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Zhenfa U.S., pursuant to which the Company agreed
to issue and sell to Zhenfa U.S., and Zhenfa U.S. agreed to purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 9,210,710 shares (the  Purchased
Shares ) of its authorized but unissued common stock, par value $0.01 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$21,664 (the  Purchase Price ), or $2.35 per share (the  Transaction ). The Purchased Shares represented
approximately 51% of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock upon the closing of the Transaction, which occurred
on December 15, 2014 (the  Closing Date ). 

In connection with the closing of the Transaction,
the Company declared a special dividend (the  Special Dividend ) on December 11, 2014 to be paid to all of its stockholders
of record (other than Zhenfa U.S.) in an amount equal to $2.55 per common share on January 2, 2015. 

The Company also entered into a guarantee
agreement (the  Guarantee Agreement ) with Zhenfa pursuant to which Zhenfa agreed to guarantee all obligations of Zhenfa
U.S. under the Purchase Agreement, including but not limited to, the payment of the Purchase Price and the performance of all covenants
and agreements of Zhenfa U.S in the Purchase Agreement. 

In connection with the closing of the Transaction,
the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with Zhenfa U.S. that,
among other things, requires the Company to register the Purchased Shares, at the Company s expense, upon the request of
Zhenfa U.S. or certain transferees of Zhenfa U.S. 

Sales Service Agreement   

In connection with the execution of the
Purchase Agreement, Specialized Technology Resources, Inc., an operating subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Sales Service
Agreement with Zhenfa whereby Zhenfa agreed, among other things, to assist the Company in a number of endeavors, including, without
limitation, marketing and selling the Company s products in China, acquiring local raw materials, hiring and training personnel
in China, and complying with Chinese law. The Sales Service Agreement also provides the Company a two-year option, which expires
on December 15, 2016, to lease a Zhenfa-owned manufacturing facility rent free for a period of five years, extendable by an additional
five years at 50% of the then-current market rental rate.  The Company has not exercised this option as of September 30, 2016.
The Sales Service Agreement became effective on the Closing Date, has an initial term of two years following the Closing Date and
is automatically extended for one year periods unless terminated earlier by either party. The Sales Service Agreement may also
be terminated by either party at such time as Zhenfa and its affiliates own less than 10% of the outstanding common stock of the
Company. 

NOTE 4 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  

On August 16, 2011, the Company
entered into an equity purchase agreement to sell its Quality Assurance ( QA ) business to Underwriters
Laboratories ( UL ) for $275,000 plus assumed cash. The QA business provided consumer product testing,
inspection, auditing and consulting services that enabled retailers and manufacturers to determine whether products and
facilities met applicable safety, regulatory, quality, performance, social and ethical standards. In addition, the Company
and UL entered into a transition services agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide certain services to UL
following the closing of the sale, including accounting, tax, legal, payroll and employee benefit services. UL agreed to
provide certain information technology services to the Company pursuant to such agreement. On September 1, 2011,
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the equity purchase agreement, as amended, the Company transferred the applicable
assets, liabilities, subsidiaries and employees of the QA business to Nutmeg Holdings, LLC ( Nutmeg ) and STR
International, LLC ( International,  and together with Nutmeg and their respective subsidiaries, the
 Nutmeg Companies ), and immediately thereafter sold its equity interest in each of the Nutmeg Companies to
designated affiliates of UL for total net cash proceeds of $283,376, which included $8,376 of estimated cash assumed in
certain QA locations. 

6   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 4 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued)  

In accordance with ASC
250 20 Presentation of Financial Statements Discontinued Operations and ASC 740 20 Income
Taxes Intraperiod Tax Allocation, the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flows present the results of the QA business as discontinued operations. Prior to the sale, the
QA business was a segment of the Company. The Company has no continuing involvement in the operations of the QA business and
does not have any direct cash flows from the QA business subsequent to the sale. Accordingly, the Company has presented the
QA business as discontinued operations in these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

During the third quarter of 2015, the Company
received proposed audit adjustments for the tax years 2009, 2010 and 2011 related to state filings of the Company s QA business
sold in 2011. As a result, the Company recorded an income tax expense to discontinued operations of $21 in the third quarter of
2015. Additionally, the Company recorded an income tax benefit to discontinued operations of $4,057 relating to the reversal of
uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of the statute of limitations. 

The following tables set forth the operating
results of the QA business presented as a discontinued operation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively: 

7   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 5 LOSS PER SHARE  

The calculation of basic and diluted net
loss per share for the periods presented is as follows: 

Due to the loss from continuing operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the computation of dilutive weighted-average common shares outstanding
does not include any stock options or any shares of unvested restricted common stock as these potential awards do not share in
any loss generated by the Company and are anti-dilutive. 

Due to the loss from continuing operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the computation of dilutive weighted-average common shares outstanding
does not include any stock options or any shares of unvested restricted common stock as these potential awards do not share in
any loss generated by the Company and are anti-dilutive. 

Because the effect would be anti-dilutive,
there were 56 and 23 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued under the STR Holdings, Inc. 2010 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) that were not included in the computation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding
for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company terminated the ESPP as of October 1,
2015. 

Because the effect would be anti-dilutive,
there were 1,121,332 stock options outstanding that were not included in the computation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding
for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Similarly, there were 1,754,665 stock options outstanding
that were not included in the computation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding for both the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 6 BANK ACCEPTANCE NOTES  

Customers in China may settle their accounts
with bank acceptance notes. Bank acceptance notes are draft instruments that are guaranteed to be paid at maturity by the issuing
bank. Upon receipt of the bank acceptance note, the Company can elect to hold the instrument until maturity and receive full face
value, discount it with the bank for a fee, or transfer it at full face value to suppliers who will accept the note as settlement
of the Company s accounts payable balance with them. 

8   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 6 BANK ACCEPTANCE NOTES (Continued)  

Bank acceptance notes consist of the following: 

All of the bank acceptance notes as of September
30, 2016 mature prior to September 30, 2017. Due to the short time to maturity, the Company believes the bank acceptance notes 
carrying value approximates fair value. As of September 30, 2016, the annual effective discount rate for all of the bank acceptance
notes was 3.2%. 

NOTE 7 INVENTORIES  

Inventories consist of the following: 

NOTE 8 LONG-LIVED ASSETS  

Impairment Testing   

In accordance with ASC 360-Property, Plant
and Equipment, the Company assesses the impairment of its long-lived assets whenever changes in events or circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. During each reporting period, the Company assessed if the following
factors were present, which would cause an impairment review: overall negative solar industry conditions; a significant or prolonged
decrease in net sales generated under its trademarks; loss of a significant customer or a reduction in demand for customers 
products; a significant adverse change in the extent to or manner in which the Company used its trademarks or proprietary technology;
such assets becoming obsolete due to new technology or manufacturing processes entering the markets or an adverse change in legal
factors; and the market capitalization of the Company s common stock. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company recorded valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets. The valuation allowances were recorded since the Company
had three consecutive years of taxable losses and determined that its history of actual net losses was negative evidence that should
be given more weight than future projections. The Company determined the recording of valuation allowances to be an indicator to
test its long-lived assets, which consist solely of property, plant and equipment, for impairment. The Company assessed the specific
recoverability of its property, plant and equipment using updated real estate appraisals and other data for its other fixed assets,
mainly production equipment. Based upon this analysis, the Company believes its property, plant and equipment carrying value was
recoverable and depreciable lives were appropriate as of September 30, 2016. If the Company experiences a significant reduction
in future sales volume, further average selling price ( ASP ) reductions, lower profitability, a cessation of operations
at any of its facilities, or negative changes in U.S. or Spain real estate markets, the Company s property, plant and equipment
may be subject to future impairment or accelerated depreciation. 

NOTE 9 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE  

In July 2015, the Company announced a restructuring
plan that included the closure of its Malaysia facility effective August 2, 2015. Subsequent to the announcement, the Company engaged
advisors and is actively trying to sell its land-use right, building and other fixed assets located at the facility. In the first
six months of 2016, the Company received and ultimately accepted an offer for RM25,000 ($6,265) for the land-use right and building,
subject to completion of definitive documentation. 

9   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 9 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE (Continued)  

In accordance with ASC 360-Property, Plant
and Equipment, the Company assessed the asset group attributed to the sale for impairment. Based upon the Company s assessment
of the status of the Malaysian property, plant and equipment, all of the requirements (including the held for sale requirements)
set forth in ASC 360-10-45-9 were met and the assets were classified on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 as assets held for sale. An impairment loss of $1,708 was recorded in the Company s condensed
consolidated statement of comprehensive loss in other income (expense), net during the second quarter of 2016 as well as a $722
loss of reclassification during the third quarter of 2015. 

NOTE 10 ACCRUED LIABILITIES  

Accrued liabilities consist of the following: 

NOTE 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

The Company is a party to claims and litigation
in the normal course of its operations. Management believes that the ultimate outcome of these matters will not have a material
adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Product Performance   

The Company provides a short-term
warranty that it has manufactured its products to the Company s specifications. On limited occasions, the Company
incurs costs to service its products in connection with specific product performance matters that do not meet the
Company s specifications. Anticipated future costs are recorded as part of cost of sales and accrued liabilities for
specific product performance matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability
can be reasonably estimated. 

On isolated occasions, the Company has
also offered limited short-term performance warranties relating to its encapsulants not causing module power loss. The Company s
encapsulants are validated by long-term performance testing during product development prior to launch and during customer certification
prior to mass production. The Company has operated its solar business since the 1970s and over 20 GW of solar modules incorporating
its encapsulants have been installed in the field with no reported module power performance issues caused by the Company s
encapsulants and no related warranty claims to date. Based on this fact pattern, the Company has not accrued any warranty
liability associated for this potential liability as its occurrence is deemed to be remote. If the Company was to ever receive
a warranty claim for such matter, the Company would assess the need for a warranty accrual at that time. 

The Company has accrued for specific product
performance matters incurred in 2016 and 2015 that are based on management s best estimate of ultimate expenditures that
it may incur for such items. The Company s product performance liability that is recorded in accrued liabilities in the condensed
consolidated balance sheets was immaterial as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

10   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)  

Environmental   

During 2010, the Company performed a Phase II
environmental site assessment at its 10 Water Street, Enfield, Connecticut location. During its investigation, the site
was found to contain a presence of volatile organic compounds. The Company has been in contact with the Department of Environmental
Protection and has engaged a licensed contractor to remediate this circumstance. Based on ASC 450-Contingencies, the Company has
accrued the estimated cost to remediate. The Company s environmental liability that is recorded in accrued liabilities in
the condensed consolidated balance sheets was $57 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

NOTE 12 COST - REDUCTION ACTIONS  

In July 2015, the Company reassessed the
continued operations of its Malaysia facility and decided to close this facility, effective August 2, 2015, 
  following a decision by the Company's largest customer to exit its OEM module production
in Malaysia.  The Company reviewed the current inventory on hand and began to transfer inventory to its other manufacturing
locations. An analysis was performed and inventory was written down to net realizable value. During the second half of 2015 the
Company recognized $352 of severance and benefits as well as a $467 inventory write down in cost of sales and $467 of severance
and benefits in selling, general and administrative expenses related to the Malaysia facility closure. 

In June 2016, the Company eliminated certain
positions at its Spain facility, effective July 5, 2016. The Company recorded $108 of severance and benefits in cost of sales and
$84 of severance and benefits in selling, general and administrative expenses during the second quarter of 2016. 

The restructuring accrual consists of $322
for severance and benefits as of September 30, 2016. A rollforward of the severance and other exit cost accrual activity is
as follows: 

NOTE 13 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company measures certain financial assets
and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis in the financial statements. The hierarchy ranks the quality and reliability
of inputs, or assumptions, used in the determination of fair value and requires financial assets and liabilities carried at fair
value to be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1-quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;   

Level 2-unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, or unadjusted quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the
asset or liability; and   

Level 3-unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.   

The following table provides the fair value
measurements of applicable financial assets as of September 30, 2016: 

11   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 13 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)  

The following table provides the fair value measurements
of applicable financial assets as of December 31, 2015: 

_______________ 

(1)  Included in cash and cash equivalents on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.                                                                                                                                                                                
    (2)   Refer to Note 6 for further
information  
 
    (3)   Included in assets held for sale on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 9 for further
information.   

NOTE 14 FACTORING ARRANGEMENT  

In October 2015, the Company s wholly
owned Spanish subsidiary, Specialized Technology Resources Espa a S.A., entered into a factoring agreement to sell, with
recourse, certain European, U.S. and other foreign company-based receivables to Eurofactor Hispania S.A.U. Under the current terms
of the factoring agreement, the maximum amount of outstanding advances at any one time is  1,500 ($1,686 as of September
30, 2016), which is subject to adjustment based on the level of eligible receivables, restrictions on concentrations of receivables
and the historical performance of the receivables sold. The annual discount rate is 2% plus EURIBOR for Euro denominated receivables
and 2% plus LIBOR for all other currencies. The term of the agreement is for one year, which will be automatically extended unless
terminated by either party with 90 days prior written notice. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company has recorded
$338 and $483, respectively, as due to factoring on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

NOTE 15 INCOME TAXES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS  

There is no provision or benefit for federal,
foreign or state income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 other than income tax benefit of $35 and $50,
respectively, resulting from an intra-period tax allocation between continuing operations and other comprehensive income. 

The Company has evaluated the positive and
negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Based on the Company s history of operating
losses, the Company has concluded that it is more likely than not that the benefit of its deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. 

There was no provision or benefit for federal,
foreign or state income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 other than income tax benefit resulting from
reversal of uncertain tax positions due to statute expirations of $422 and $316, respectively. 

During the second quarter of 2016, the Company
received an income tax refund of $8,252 from the Internal Revenue Service resulting from a 2014 federal net operating loss carryback. 

12   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 16 STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Changes in stockholders  equity for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

Preferred Stock   

The Company s Board of Directors has
authorized 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value. At September 30, 2016, there were no shares issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock   

Reverse Stock Split  

As more fully described in Note 1, the Company
effected a one-for-three reverse split of its common stock on January 30, 2015. 

The Company s Board of Directors has
authorized 200,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value. At September 30, 2016, there were 18,551,332 shares issued
and 18,550,092 shares outstanding of common stock. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote per share. 

Treasury Stock   

At September 30, 2016, there were 1,240
shares held in treasury that were purchased at a cost of $57. 

NOTE 17 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

On November 6, 2009, the Company s
Board of Directors approved the Company s 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2009 Plan ), which became effective
on the same day. Effective May 14, 2013, the 2009 Plan was amended to increase the number of shares subject to the 2009 Plan.
As a result, a total of 4,133,133 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2009 Plan. The 2009 Plan is administered
by the Board of Directors or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, which has the authority to designate participants
and determine the number and type of awards to be granted, the time at which awards are exercisable, the method of payment and
any other terms or conditions of the awards. The 2009 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, including incentive stock options
and nonqualified stock options, collectively,  options,  stock appreciation rights, shares of restricted stock, or
 restricted stock,  rights to dividend equivalents and other stock-based awards, collectively, the  awards. 
The Board of Directors or the committee will, with regard to each award, determine the terms and conditions of the award, including
the number of shares subject to the award, the vesting terms of the award, and the purchase price for the award. Awards may be
made in assumption of or in substitution for outstanding awards previously granted by the Company or its affiliates, or a company
acquired by the Company or with which it combines. Options outstanding generally vest over a three year period and expire ten years
from date of grant. There were 1,919,260 shares available for grant under the 2009 Plan as of September 30, 2016. 

13   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 17 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)  

The following table summarizes the options
activity under the Company s 2009 Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

_______________ 

 (1) The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated
as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the closing stock price of $0.22 of the Company s
common stock on September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, there was
$508 of unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding stock option awards. This amount is expected to be recognized over
a weighted-average remaining vesting period of less than one year. To the extent the actual forfeiture rate is different from what
the Company has anticipated, stock-based compensation related to these awards will be different from its expectations. The Company
did not receive any proceeds related to the exercise of stock options for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The following table summarizes the restricted
common stock activity of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $0 of
unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted shares. 

On November 9, 2010, the Company s
Board of Directors adopted the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  ESPP ) and reserved 166,667 shares of the Company s
common stock for issuance thereunder. The ESPP was made effective upon its approval by the votes of the Company s stockholders
on May 24, 2011 during the Company s annual meeting for the purpose of qualifying such shares for special tax treatment
under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As of October 31, 2015, the Company terminated the ESPP. 

Under the ESPP, eligible employees used
payroll withholdings to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a 10% discount. The Company had established four
offering periods in which eligible employees could participate. The Company purchased the number of required shares each period based upon the employees 
contribution plus the 10% discount. The number of shares purchased times the 10% discount was recorded by the Company as stock-based
compensation. The Company recorded less than $1 in stock-based compensation expense relating to the ESPP for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

14   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 17 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)  

Deferred Compensation   

The Company had a deferred compensation
arrangement with certain members of management, including Robert S. Yorgensen, that stated upon the earlier of December 31,
2015, sale of the Company (which included a change of control transaction), or termination of employment for any reason, the members
were entitled to bonus payments based upon a formula set forth in their respective employment agreements. The payments were tied
to distribution amounts they would have received with respect to their former ownership in the predecessor Company if the assets
were sold at fair market value compared to the value of the Company s stock price. The amount of the potential bonus payment
was capped at $1,180. In accordance with ASC 718-30, the obligation should have been remeasured quarterly at fair value. The Company
determined fair value using observable current market information as of the reporting date. The most significant input to determine
the fair value was determined to be the Company s common stock price which is a Level 2 input. Based upon the difference
of the floor in the agreements and the effective valuation of the Transaction of $4.80 per share for Mr. Yorgensen, $204 of accrued
compensation was paid out during the first quarter of 2015. As of September 30, 2016, no deferred compensation arrangements exist. 

Stock-based compensation expense was included
in the following Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss categories for continuing operations: 

NOTE 18 REPORTABLE SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION  

ASC 280-10-50 Disclosure about Segments
of an Enterprise and Related Information establishes standards for the manner in which companies report information about operating
segments, products, geographic areas and major customers. The method of determining what information to report is based on the
way that management organizes the operating segment within the enterprise for making operating decisions and assessing financial
performance. Prior to the sale of its QA business in 2011, the Company reported two operating segments: QA and Solar. Due to the
sale, QA is being reported as a discontinued operation and the Company reassessed its segment reporting. Since the Company has
one product, sells to global customers in one industry, procures raw materials from similar vendors and expects similar long-term
economic characteristics, the Company has one reporting segment and the information pertaining to its operations is set forth below. 

Adjusted EBITDA is the main metric used
by the management team and the Board of Directors to plan, forecast and review the Company s segment performance. Adjusted
EBITDA represents net loss from continuing operations before interest income and expense, income tax expense, depreciation, stock-based
compensation expense, restructuring and certain non-recurring income and expenses from the results of operations. 

15   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 18 REPORTABLE SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
(Continued)  

The following tables set forth information
about the Company s operations by its reportable segment and by geographic area: 

Operations by Reportable Segment  

Operations by Geographic Area  

Long-Lived Assets by Geographic Area  

Foreign sales are assigned to the country
in which the sales originate. Net sales to two of the Company s major customers that exceeded 10% of the Company s
consolidated net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $2,028 and $5,629, respectively. Net sales
to two of the Company s major customers that exceeded 10% of the Company s consolidated net sales for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015 were $1,398 and $7,090, respectively. 

Accounts receivable from two customers amounted
to $1,095 and accounts receivable from two customers amounted to $1,570 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. 

16   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 19 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Huhui Supply Agreement  

The Company s Chinese
subsidiary, Specialized Technology Resources Solar (Suzhou) Co. Ltd. ( STR China ) entered into a supply
agreement (the  Huhui Supply Agreement ) dated as of December 31, 2014 with Zhangjiagang Huhui Segpv Co. Ltd
("Huhui"), a solar module manufacturer and an affiliate of Zhenfa. Pursuant to the Huhui Supply
Agreement, STR China agreed to supply Huhui with the Company's encapsulant products and Huhui agreed (i) to
purchase not less than 535 MW worth of encapsulants (the  Minimum Amount ) during each contract year, (ii)
to pay the Company a deposit equal to 10% of the Minimum Amount, and (iii) not to purchase encapsulant products
from other encapsulant manufacturers. The initial term of the Huhui Supply Agreement was for one year; however, such initial
term was extended for an additional six months due to the failure by Huhui to purchase the Minimum Amount at the end of the
first year anniversary of the effective date of the Huhui Supply Agreement. The Huhui Supply Agreement further provides that
Huhui s obligations are contingent (unless otherwise provided in the agreement) upon (i) the delivery by STR China of
an initial shipment of products in accordance with the specifications and (ii) the qualification of the products by Huhui
during a sample production run of not less than 30 days. As of September 30, 2016, Huhui had not commenced the
sample production run. The Huhui Supply Agreement shall automatically renew for additional one year terms if either
party fails to notify the other party at least 90 days prior to the end of the then current term that it is electing to
terminate the agreement. The Company believes that the terms and conditions set forth in the Huhui Agreement at that time
were fair and reasonable to the Company. The Company received $1,148 as a deposit from Huhui during the year ended December
31, 2015, which is included in accrued liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 the Company recorded $0 in net sales to this customer. 

Module-for-Encapsulant Swap Transaction  

During the second quarter of 2015, the Company entered into a module-for-encapsulant swap transaction with Zhenfa
and Zhejiang ReneSola Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( ReneSola ) to settle outstanding accounts receivable due from ReneSola. As
part of this three-party transaction, the Company agreed to accept solar modules as settlement of approximately $7,487 of outstanding
receivables from ReneSola, and Zhenfa agreed to purchase these modules from the Company for $7,487.  During
the third quarter of 2016, the Company increased the amount due by approximately $1,165 to reflect an inadvertent overpayment of
modules made to Zhenfa by ReneSola. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a receivable of $3,181 due from Zhenfa related to
this transaction on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. In October 2016, the Company received a bank acceptance note from
Zhenfa for approximately $3,181 in full payment of the balance due under these arrangements.  

Debt Settlement Agreement  

During the second quarter of 2016, the Company
entered into a debt settlement agreement with Zhenfa, a company that is a supplier to Zhenfa and a customer of the Company, and
that company s parent company to settle outstanding accounts receivable due from this company. As part of this four-party
transaction, Zhenfa agreed to pay the Company approximately RMB 10,000 (approximately $1,500 as of June 30, 2016) as settlement
of a similar amount of outstanding receivables due from the Company s customer, and the customer s parent company (Zhenfa s
supplier) agreed to cancel a similar amount of outstanding receivables due from Zhenfa. Final execution was concluded in early
July, resulting in application of a previously recorded deposit against the outstanding accounts receivable from this customer.
There is a residual receivable due to STR from Zhenfa related to this Debt Settlement Agreement, equal to the difference in the
offsetting receivables of approximately RMB 80 (approximately $12) as of September 30, 2016. The Company received payment for the
outstanding balance in October 2016. 

Employment of Zhenfa Personnel  

On July 27, 2015, the Company announced
the appointment of Mr. Qu Chao to the office of Vice President, Strategic Investment, and Mr. Kong Weijie as Vice President, Business
Development and General Manager, China, effective August 1, 2015. At the time, Messrs. Qu and Kong were officers of Zhenfa. Mr.
Qu was also a member of the Company s Board of Directors. The services of Messrs. Qu and Kong were provided by Zhenfa, at
no charge to the Company, pursuant to the terms of the Zhenfa Sales Service Agreement, as described in Note 3 above. In October
2015, the Company was advised by representatives of Zhenfa that Mr. Qu resigned as an officer of Zhenfa and that Zhenfa would
no longer be supporting Mr. Qu s services as Vice President, Strategic Investment. The Company has not separately engaged
Mr. Qu to continue to provide those services as he is no longer an officer of the Company. As of the date of this report, Mr.
Qu is no longer a director of the Company. 

17   

         STR Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries    NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    (unaudited)    All amounts in thousands except share amounts, per share amounts or unless otherwise noted    

NOTE 19 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)  

Mr. Kong attempted to divide his time evenly
between his duties with Zhenfa and STR. As a result, the value of Mr. Kong s services provided was reflected in the Company s
consolidated financial statements. This shared services arrangement was recorded as a non-cash expense in selling, general and
administrative expenses and an increase to additional paid-in capital of $56 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.
Effective June 29, 2016, Mr. Kong was removed from his position as Vice President, Business Development and General Manager, China
and from all other official capacities with the Company and its subsidiaries. 

NOTE 20 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

Manufacturing Facility Fire   

During October 2016, the Company s
manufacturing plant located in Shajiabang, Jiangsu, China suffered a fire that damaged a portion of its production facility. No
employee injuries have been reported. As of the date of this report, the China facility s production is shut down while the
Company assesses and repairs the damage. The damage was mainly to one production line, which is at least temporarily inoperable,
as well as to certain ancillary equipment and related systems. Through the date of this report, the Company has been able to continue
to fulfill customer orders utilizing its alternative capacity. The Company carries both casualty and property insurance for its
facilities and equipment, as well as business interruption insurance, and is reviewing the extent and scope of this coverage with
its insurance carriers. The Company cannot guarantee that its insurance coverage, subject to applicable deductibles, will be adequate
to cover damage to the facility or other loss that it may suffer as a result of the fire. At this time the extent of the loss is
not estimable. 

Solaria Lawsuit   

In October 2016, a complaint was filed by Solaria Energie y Medio
Ambiente S.A. ( Solaria ) against the Company and its Spanish subsidiary, Specialized Technology Resources Espa a
S.A. ( STR Spain ), in the Court of the First Instance No. 8 in Oviedo, Spain, relating to a product quality claim
in connection with a non-encapsulant product that STR Spain purchased from a vendor in 2005 and 2006 and resold to Solaria. The
Company stopped selling this product in 2006. Solaria is seeking approximately  3,303, plus interest, in damages. The Company
believes it has meritorious defenses and plans to vigorously defend the matter. 

18   

Item 2.   Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis of
the financial condition and results of our operations should be read together with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
and the related Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements, based on current expectations and related to future events and our future financial performance,
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under the caption  Forward-Looking Statements  below
and Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as amended by Form 10-K/A
on April 29, 2016. 

Explanatory Note: All share amounts and
per share amounts below have been adjusted to reflect the one-for-three reverse stock split effected as of January 30, 2015. 

Forward - Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to inherent
risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements present our current expectations and projections relating to our financial
condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business and are based on assumptions that we have
made in light of our industry experience and perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments
and other factors management believes are appropriate under the circumstances. However, these forward-looking statements are not
guarantees of future performance or financial or operating results. Forward-looking statements and uncertainties associated herewith
include, but are not limited to, the statements regarding the following: (1) incurring substantial losses for the foreseeable future
and our inability to achieve or sustain profitability in the future; (2) the potential impact of pursuing strategic alternatives,
including dissolution and liquidation of our Company; (3) our reliance on a single product line; (4) our securing sales to new
customers, growing net sales to existing key customers and increasing our market share, particularly in China, considering the
potential adverse impact of the recent fire at our manufacturing facility in China; (5) customer concentration in our business
and our relationships with and dependence on key customers; (6) the outsourcing arrangements and reliance on third parties for
the manufacture of a portion of our encapsulants; (7) technological changes in the solar energy industry or our failure to develop
and introduce or integrate new technologies that could render our encapsulants uncompetitive or obsolete; (8) competition; (9)
our failure to manufacture product in China negatively affecting our ability to sell to Chinese solar module manufacturers; (10)
excess capacity in the solar supply chain; (11) demand for solar energy in general and solar modules in particular; (12) our operations
and assets in China being subject to significant political and economic uncertainties; (13) limited legal recourse under the laws
of China if disputes arise; (14) our ability to adequately protect our intellectual property, particularly during the outsource
manufacturing of our products in China; (15) our lack of credit facility and our inability to obtain credit; (16) a significant
reduction or elimination of government subsidies and economic incentives or a change in government policies that promote the use
of solar energy, particularly in China and the United States; (17) volatility in commodity costs; (18) our customers  financial
profile causing additional credit risk on our accounts receivable; (19) our dependence on a limited number of third-party suppliers
for raw materials for our encapsulants and other significant materials used in our process; (20) potential product performance
matters and product liability; (21) our substantial international operations and shift of business focus to emerging markets; (22)
the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on financial results and the geographic distribution of revenues; (23)
losses of financial incentives from government bodies in certain foreign jurisdictions; (24) compliance with the Qualifications
of the OTCQX; (25) the ability to realize synergies from the transaction with Zhenfa (as described herein); and (26) the other
risks and uncertainties described under  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  and in subsequent periodic reports on Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. You are urged to carefully
review and consider the disclosure found in our filings which are available on http://www.sec.gov or http://www.strsolar.com. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of these assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results
may vary materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any
forward-looking statement contained in this Quarterly Report, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise,
except as may be required by law. 

Overview  

STR Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries
( we ,  us ,  our  or the  Company ) commenced operations in 1944 as a plastics
and industrial materials research and development company. Based upon our expertise in polymer science, we evolved into a global
provider of encapsulants to the solar industry. Encapsulant is a critical component used to protect and hold solar modules together. 

We were the first to develop ethylene-vinyl
acetate ( EVA ) based encapsulants for use in commercial solar module manufacturing. Our initial development effort
was conducted while under contract to the predecessor of the U.S. Department of Energy in the 1970s. Since that time, we have expanded
our solar encapsulant business by investing in research and development and global production capacity. 

19   

In September 2011, we sold our Quality Assurance
( QA ) business, which provided consumer product development, inspection, testing and audit services that enabled our
retail and manufacturing clients to determine whether products met applicable safety, regulatory, quality, performance and social
standards, to Underwriters Laboratories, Inc. ( UL ) for $275.0 million in cash, plus assumed cash. The historical
results of operations of our former QA business have been recast and presented as discontinued operations in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. Further information about our divestiture of the QA business is included in Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 4, Discontinued Operations, of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015, as amended by Form 10-K/A on April 29, 2016. 

Recent Developments  

Manufacturing Facility Fire   

During October 2016, our manufacturing plant
located in Shajiabang, Jiangsu, China suffered a fire that damaged a portion of its production facility. No employee injuries have
been reported. As of the date of this report, the China facility s production is shut down while we assess and repair the
damage. The damage was mainly to one production line, which is at least temporarily inoperable, as well as to certain ancillary
equipment and related systems. Through the date of this report, we have been able to continue to fulfill customer orders utilizing
our alternative capacity. We carry both casualty and property insurance for our facilities and equipment, as well as business interruption
insurance, and is reviewing the extent and scope of this coverage with its insurance carriers. We cannot guarantee that our insurance
coverage, subject to applicable deductibles, will be adequate to cover damage to the facility or other loss that we may suffer
as a result of the fire. At this time the extent of the loss is not estimable. 

Zhenfa Module-for-Encapsulant Swap Transaction   

During the second quarter of 2015, the Company
entered into a module-for-encapsulant swap transaction with Zhenfa and Zhejiang ReneSola Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( ReneSola )
to settle outstanding accounts receivable due from ReneSola. As part of this three-party transaction, the Company agreed to accept
solar modules as settlement of approximately $7,487 of outstanding receivables from ReneSola, and Zhenfa agreed to purchase these
modules from the Company for $7,487. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company increased the amount due by approximately $1,165
million to reflect an inadvertent overpayment of modules made to Zhenfa by ReneSola. In October 2016, the Company received a bank
acceptance note from Zhenfa for approximately $3,181 in full payment of the balance due under these arrangements. 

2014 Transaction with Zhenfa  

We entered into certain definitive agreements
with Zhenfa and its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Zhen Fa New Energy (U.S.) Co., Ltd., a Nevada corporation ( Zhenfa
U.S. ). 

Purchase Agreement and Special Dividend   

On August 11, 2014, we entered into a Stock
Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Zhenfa U.S., pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell to Zhenfa
U.S., and Zhenfa U.S. agreed to purchase from us, an aggregate of approximately 9.2 million shares (the  Purchased Shares )
of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price ( Purchased Price ) of approximately $21.7 million, or $2.35 per
share (the  Transaction ). The Purchased Shares represented approximately 51% of our outstanding shares of common stock
upon the closing of the Transaction (the  Closing ), which occurred on December 15, 2014. 

In connection with the Closing, we declared
a special dividend (the  Special Dividend ) on December 11, 2014 to be paid to all of our stockholders of record (other
than Zhenfa U.S.) in an amount equal to $2.55 per common share on January 2, 2015. The cash used to pay the Special Dividend was
paid to our transfer agent as of December 31, 2014. 

Sales Service Agreement    

In connection
with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, Specialized Technology Resources, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into
a sales service agreement (the "Sales Service Agreement") with Zhenfa, whereby Zhenfa agreed, among other things, to
assist us in a number of endeavors, including, without limitation, marketing and selling our products in China, acquiring local
raw materials, hiring and training personnel in China, and complying with Chinese law. The Sales Service Agreement also provides
us an option to lease a Zhenfa-owned manufacturing facility rent free for a period of five years, extendable by an additional five
years at 50% of the then-current market rental rate. The Sales Service Agreement became effective on the date of Closing, has an
initial term of two years following the date of Closing and is automatically extended for one year periods unless terminated earlier.
The Sales Service Agreement may also be terminated by either party at such time as Zhenfa and its affiliates own less than 10%
of our outstanding Common Stock.   

20   

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our interim condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The preparation
of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We continually evaluate
our estimates, including those related to bad debts, valuation of inventory, long-lived assets, product performance matters, income
taxes, stock based compensation and deferred tax assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and
various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The accounting policies we believe to be most critical to understand our financial results and condition and that require complex
and subjective management judgments are discussed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations-Critical Accounting Policies  in our Annual Report on Form 10 K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 22, 2016, as amended by Form 10-K/A on April 29, 2016. 

There have been no changes in our critical
accounting policies during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations  

The following tables set forth our condensed
consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Net Sales   

The decrease in net sales for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015 was driven by an approximately 11% decrease in our
average selling price ( ASP ) and an approximately 31% decrease in sales volume. Net sales to two of our major customers
that exceeded 10% of the Company s consolidated net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $2.0 million.
Net sales to two of our major customers that exceeded 10% of the Company s consolidated net sales for the three months ended
September 30, 2015 were $1.4 million. 

21   

The price decline was primarily the result
of decreased sales to customers located in Europe, China and India. The volume decline was primarily driven by a decline with European
customers. 

The decrease in net sales for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015 was driven by an approximately 9% decrease in our average
selling price ( ASP ) and an approximately 14% decrease in sales volume. The volume decline was primarily driven by
a reduction of net sales with our largest customer, who modified its OEM manufacturing partner footprint in the latter part of
2014 and announced the significant reduction of its OEM module business by the end of 2015, as described in Note 12, and an increase
in its in-house module production in China. Excluding this customer, with whom we are trying to re-engage business in China, volume
increased by approximately 3% with our remaining customers, primarily driven by a 71% volume increase in China mainly in the first
half of 2016, as well as growth in India, which more than offset a decline with European customers. 

On a sequential basis, net sales decreased
by $2.7 million, or 40%, compared to the three months ended June 30, 2016. This decrease was primarily driven by a 39% decrease
in sales volume and a 1% decrease in ASP. The sales volume decrease occurred principally in China, which we attributed primarily
to a roughly 11% cut to Feed-in-Tariffs (FIT) taking effect for systems connected after June 30, 2016. We believe that the rush
to connect systems prior to the FIT step down resulted in increased demand for deliveries in the quarter ended June 30, 2016, at
the expense of demand thereafter. 

We are currently in the qualification process
with potential additional customers. The qualification process must occur with each prospective customer. The internal qualification
process and timing are managed and customized by each module manufacturer. In addition, we may also experience ramp delays after
module manufacturers complete the internal certification process and introduce our encapsulants in their mass-production process
for the first time. If our encapsulants do not perform similarly during initial module production as they did during certification
and internal testing, we may have to perform additional engineering and laboratory testing, and in some cases may have to change
our encapsulant formulation, which would require re-qualification testing. Any production ramp issues we may experience with potential
customers will require additional costs to resolve and would reduce our net sales, both of which would negatively impact the results
of our operations and financial condition. Moreover, even if we successfully complete a qualification process for a customer, we
cannot assure if or when we may receive any orders from such customer on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Cost of Sales   

The decrease in our cost of sales for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015 was primarily driven by a 31% decrease
in sales volume, combined with an approximately 13% decrease in raw material cost per unit. The lower raw material cost per unit
was primarily driven by a 7% increase in paperless sales mix, which carries lower raw material costs, as well as improved efficiencies
at our China factory for the three months ended September 30, 2016 versus the corresponding 2015 period. Direct labor decreased
by $0.4 million, associated with the sales volume decrease. Overhead costs decreased by $0.7 million primarily due to continued
cost-reduction actions. 

The decrease in our cost of sales for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015 was primarily driven by a 14% decrease in
sales volume combined with an approximately 8% decrease in raw material cost per unit. The lower raw material cost per unit was
primarily driven by a 18% increase in paperless sales mix and slightly lower resin costs, as well as improved efficiencies at our
China factory for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 versus the corresponding 2015 period. Direct labor decreased by $0.6
million, associated with the sales volume decrease. Overhead costs decreased by $1.4 million primarily due to continued cost-reduction
actions. 

Gross Profit (Loss)    

22   

Gross loss, as a percentage of net sales,
improved slightly for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015 mainly as a result
of a decrease in raw material cost per unit as described above. 

Gross loss, as a percentage of net sales,
improved for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding period in 2015 mainly as a result of a
lower raw material cost per unit, as described above. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses ( SG A )   

SG A decreased by $1.4 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2015. This decrease was primarily driven by $0.7 million in reduced restructuring
expenses, a $0.2 million decrease in both labor and benefits, a $0.1 million decrease in stock-based compensation, a $0.1 million
reduction in travel expenses and dues and fees and $0.1 million of reduced professional fees. 

SG A decreased by $3.1 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2015. This decrease was primarily driven by $0.7 million lower labor and benefits,
$0.6 million of reduced restructuring expense, a $0.5 million reduction in professional fees, $0.3 million of reduced annual incentive
compensation expense, a $0.3 million decrease in travel expenses, a $0.2 million decrease in stock-based compensation, a $0.2 million
reduction of other SGA expenses including a non-recurring settlement of a state sales tax audit in 2015 and a $0.1 million decrease
in dues and fees. 

Research and Development Expense ( R D )   

Research and development expense decreased
modestly by less than $0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the corresponding periods
in the prior year, as our research and development staffing and activity has remained relatively consistent during these periods. 

Provision (Recovery) for Bad Debt Expense   

The provision (recovery) for bad debt expense
recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily related to certain Chinese customers  balances,
partially offset by receiving payment related to aged accounts receivable that were previously reserved for. 

Other (Expense) Income, net   

23   

In July 2015, the Company announced a restructuring
plan that included the closure of its Malaysia facility, effective August 2, 2015. Subsequent to the announcement, the Company
engaged advisors and is actively trying to sell its land-use right, building and other fixed assets located at the facility. In
the six months of 2016, the Company received and accepted an offer of RM25.0 million ($6.3 million) for the land-use right and
building, subject to completion of definitive documentation. As a result, an analysis of the asset group was performed and an impairment
of assets held for sale of $1.7 million was recorded during the second quarter of 2016 and a loss on reclassification of $0.7 million
was recorded during the third quarter of 2015. 

Foreign Currency Transaction (Loss)
Gain    

The foreign currency transaction impact
was a loss of $0.1 million and $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This impact was
primarily the result of volatility in the Euro spot exchange rate versus the U.S. dollar, which improved by less than 1% for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a 12% decrease during the corresponding 2015 period. 

The foreign currency transaction loss for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.4 million and the foreign currency gain for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 was less than $0.1 million. This change was primarily the result of volatility in the Euro spot exchange rate versus the U.S.
dollar, which increased by less than 1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a 12% decrease during the
corresponding 2015 period. 

Our primary foreign currency exposures are
intercompany loans, U.S. dollar cash balances in foreign locations and some U.S. dollar denominated accounts receivable at our
Spanish facility.    

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) from Continuing Operations   

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we recorded an income tax benefit of less than $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively, resulting in an effective
tax rate of 0.9% and 0.4%, respectively. The income tax benefit was primarily related to the allocation of tax expense between
continuing operations and other comprehensive income when applying the exception to the ASC 740 intra-period allocation rule. The
projected annual effective tax rate, excluding the intra-period allocation, is 0.0% as compared to the U.S. federal statutory rate
of 35.0%. The annual effective tax rate is principally driven by changes in valuation allowances. 

During the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, we recorded an income tax benefit of $0.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively, resulting in an effective tax rate of 6.8%
and 2.6%, respectively. The tax provision reflected discrete items in the periods primarily related to reversal of uncertain tax
positions due to statute expiration resulting in a $0.4 million benefit in the quarter. The projected annual effective tax rate
excluding these discrete items was 0.0% as compared to the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35.0%. The annual effective tax rate
was principally driven by changes in valuation allowances. 

During the second quarter of 2016, we received
an income tax refund of $8.3 million from the Internal Revenue Service resulting from a 2014 federal net operating loss carryback. 

24   

Net Loss from Continuing Operations   

Net loss from continuing operations for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to the corresponding 2015 period driven by improved gross loss, improved
SG A, favorable impact from foreign currency and the non-recurrence of the $0.7 million loss on reclassification recorded in
the third quarter of 2015. These items more than offset increased bad debt and lower income tax benefit in the third quarter of
2016. 

Net loss from continuing operations for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by less than $0.1 million compared to the corresponding 2015 period driven by
improved gross loss, improved SG A and improved R D. These items more than offset increased bad debt, unfavorable impact
from foreign currency and $1.0 million of increased impairment of assets held for sale and lower income tax benefit in the third
quarter of 2016. 

On a sequential basis, net loss from continuing
operations for the third quarter of 2016 was $3.7 million compared to a net loss from continuing operations of $5.0 million for
the second quarter of 2016. The sequentially lower net loss of $1.3 million was primarily due to reduced bad debt expense, favorable
impact from foreign currency, reduced income tax expense and the non-recurring $1.7 million impairment of assets held for sale
recorded in the second quarter of 2016. These items more than offset increased gross loss in the third quarter of 2016 compared
to the second quarter of 2016. 

Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations    

Net earnings from discontinued
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 relates to the reversal of $4.0 million of uncertain tax positions
of the Company s former QA business due to the expiration of the statute of limitations. 

Segment Results of Operations  

We report our business in one reported segment.
We measure segment performance based on net sales, Adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP loss per share from continuing operations ( non-GAAP
EPS ). See Note 18-Reportable Segment and Geographical Information located in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and further information. Net sales for our segment is described in further detail
above and non-GAAP EPS is described in further detail below. The discussion that follows is a summary analysis of net sales and
the primary changes in Adjusted EBITDA. 

The following tables set forth information
about our continuing operations by reportable segment: 

25   

Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales
declined for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2015 driven by improved gross loss, SG A and favorable
foreign currency, more than offset by increased bad debt expense. 

Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales
declined for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 2015 driven by improved gross loss, SG A and R D,
more than offset by increased bad debt expense and unfavorable foreign currency impact. 

Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter of
2016 was $(3.1) million compared to $(2.4) million from the second quarter of 2016. The sequential decline was primarily due to
a decline in gross loss partially offset by reduced bad debt expense and favorable foreign currency impact. 

Cost-Reduction Actions  

In July 2015,  following
a decision by our largest customer to exit its OEM module production in Malaysia,  we decided to close our Malaysia facility,
effective August 2, 2015 .  During 2015, we recognized $0.3 million of severance and
benefits as well as a $0.5 million inventory write down in cost of sales and $0.5 million of severance and benefits in selling,
general and administrative expenses related to the Malaysia facility closure. 

In June 2016, we eliminated certain positions
at our Spain facility effective July 5, 2016. We recorded $0.1 million of severance and benefits in cost of sales and $0.1 million
of severance and benefits in selling, general and administrative expenses during the second quarter of 2016. 

A roll-forward of the severance and other
exit cost accrual activity was as follows: 

The restructuring accrual consisted of $0.3
million and $0.6 million for severance and benefits as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We have funded our operations primarily
through our existing cash balance. As of September 30, 2016, our principal source of liquidity was $13.8 million of cash, $0.9
million of Chinese bank acceptance notes and $3.2 million due from Zhenfa. In October 2016, we received the $3.2 million due from
Zhenfa in the form of Chinese bank acceptance notes. Our principal needs for liquidity have been, and for the foreseeable future
we expect will continue to be, for working capital and capital investments. Payment terms are currently longer in China than in
many other locations, which results in delayed cash receipts from certain of our customers. Although we believe that our available
cash will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, including capital investments (mainly equipment upgrades and information technology
needs), through at least the next 12 months, if we are unable to collect our accounts receivable, or fail to receive payment of
these in a timely fashion, or obtain bank acceptance notes from our customers, our financial condition and results of operations
will be negatively affected. In order to mitigate this risk, we are attempting to obtain bank acceptance notes with respect to
the accounts receivable from certain of our Chinese customers and actively pursuing the collection of the balance from Zhenfa. 

In October 2015, our wholly owned Spanish
subsidiary, Specialized Technology Resources Espa a S.A., entered into a factoring agreement to sell, with recourse, certain
European, U.S. and other foreign company-based receivables to Eurofactor Hispania S.A.U. Under the current terms of the factoring
agreement, the maximum amount of outstanding advances at any one time is  1.5 million ($1.7 million as of September 30,
2016), which is subject to adjustment based on the level of eligible receivables, restrictions on concentrations of receivables
and the historical performance of the receivables sold. The annual discount rate is 2% plus EURIBOR for Euro-denominated receivables
and 2% plus LIBOR for all other currencies. The term of the agreement is for one year, which will be automatically extended
unless terminated by either party with 90 days prior written notice. As of September 30, 2016,  1.2 million ($1.4 million
as of September 30, 2016) was available under the factoring agreement based upon receivables outstanding. 

26   

In connection with our continued efforts
to return our encapsulant business to profitability, on July 24, 2015 our Board approved a restructuring of our encapsulant business,
which included the shut-down of our Malaysia manufacturing facility, effective August 2, 2015. We are in the process of selling
the Malaysia facility and its production and ancillary equipment. In connection with the shut-down and sale of the Malaysia facility,
we incurred approximately $1.3 million of associated non-recurring costs during the second half of 2015. In the first nine months
of 2016, we accepted an offer of RM25.0 million ($6.3 million) for the land-use right and building, subject to completion of definitive
documentation. As a result, an analysis of the asset group was performed and an impairment of assets held for sale of $1.7 million
was recorded. On November 7, 2016, we executed the formal purchase and sale agreement. We cannot assure that we will be able to
close the sale of our Malaysian real estate on a timely basis or on favorable terms or that the costs of closure of that facility
will not be higher than anticipated. 

We remain open to exploring possible business
opportunities in potentially more profitable parts of the solar supply chain, as well as other strategic alternatives. We cannot
assure that we will be able to successfully pursue any such potential opportunities. If we are successful in pursuing any such
opportunities, we may be required to expend significant funds, incur debt or other obligations or issue additional securities,
any of which could significantly dilute our current stockholders and may negatively affect our operating results and financial
condition. We cannot assure that any such strategic opportunities or related transactions, or any financing in connection therewith,
would be available on favorable terms, if at all, or that we will realize any anticipated benefits from any such transactions that
we complete. In the event that we are not successful in restructuring our encapsulant business or pursuing opportunities in the
downstream solar market or other strategic transactions, we also intend to consider alternatives, including, without limitation,
the acquisition of another business, the divestiture of all or certain of our assets, joint ventures and other transactions outside
the ordinary course of business. 

If we are not able to fund our working capital
needs, we will have to slow our projected growth, which may further impede or delay our attempt to return to profitability. We
expect to fund our cash requirements with our existing cash and bank acceptance notes, leveraging our European factoring facility
and other potential working capital financing arrangements that we are currently seeking. 

Our cash and cash equivalents balance is
located in the following geographies: 

Due, among other things, to the difficulty
repatriating cash to the U.S., the $2.8 million of cash and cash equivalents located in China is expected to remain in China for
working capital needs. 

We do not permanently re-invest our Malaysia
subsidiary s earnings. Based upon the Malaysia subsidiary s liabilities to us, we expect the undistributed earnings
of our Malaysia subsidiary will be repatriated to the U.S. in a tax-free manner. We do not permanently re-invest our Spain earnings,
so this cash balance is available for dividend repatriation. We have accrued for this tax liability. We have not elected to permanently
re-invest our Hong Kong and China earnings and plan to utilize our cash located in Hong Kong and China to fund a portion of our
working capital requirements and capital investment in China. Our goal is to achieve and maintain self-sufficiency in each of our
manufacturing locations to meet their cash requirements. We cannot assure that we will continue to fund the manufacturing operations
in any location, if such operations would require investment of additional cash from other jurisdictions. 

Cash Flows   

Cash Flow from Operating Activities from Continuing Operations  

Net cash provided by operating activities
from continuing operations was $6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net cash used in operating
activities of $4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net loss plus and minus non-cash adjustments ( cash
loss ) improved by approximately $2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in
2015. This improvement was driven by the receipt of an $8.3 million income tax refund as well as consumption of excess Malaysia
inventory and the continued impact of cost-reduction efforts. These positive impacts were partially offset by the $5.4 million
received from Zhenfa during the first nine months of 2015, which did not recur in 2016. 

27   

Cash Flow from Operating Activities from Discontinued Operations  

Net cash provided by operating activities
from discontinued operations was less than $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to receiving cash
refunds for a prior state tax receivable. 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities from Continuing Operations  

Net cash used in investing activities was
$0.2 million and $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The 2015 capital investments
related to the building improvements at our Enfield, Connecticut location and the continued build out of our leased facility in
China. We expect remaining 2016 consolidated capital expenditures to be less than $0.5 million. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities from Continuing Operations  

Net cash used in financing activities was
$0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to our Spanish subsidiary receiving funds related
to the factoring agreement. Net cash used in financing activities was less than $0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 primarily due to trailing payments related to the Special Dividend. 

Off - Balance Sheet Arrangements 	 

We have no off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 

Effects of Inflation  

Inflation generally affects us by increasing
costs of raw materials, labor and equipment. During the first nine months of 2016, we were not negatively materially affected by
inflation. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards  

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606). This ASU is intended to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue by removing
inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue requirements; providing a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues; improving
comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions and capital markets; and providing more
useful information to users of financial statements through improved revenue disclosure requirements. The provisions of this ASU
are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. On August 12, 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,
"Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date," which delays the effective date
of ASU 2014-09 by one year. The new standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early application
is permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The standard shall be applied retrospectively to each period
presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. In March, April and May 2016, the FASB clarified the
implementation guidance on principal versus agent, identifying performance obligations, licensing, and collectability. We are currently
evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-01,  Financial Instruments
- Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The main objective of this update
is to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more decision-useful
information. The new guidance addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial
instruments. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. We are currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
"Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting." The objective of this update
is to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted.
We are currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on our consolidated financial statements. 

28   

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
"Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments." This ASU is intended
to reduce diversity in practice in presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments by providing guidance
on eight specific cash flow issues. The provisions of this ASU are effective for years beginning after December 15, 2017, with
early adoption permitted. We do not expect this ASU to have a significant impact on our financial statements or disclosures. 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk  

We are not required to provide this Item
3 because we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports according to the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and our Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and
procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

As of September 30, 2016, we carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer and our Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and our Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Accounting Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There have not been any changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the third
fiscal quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings  

From time to time, we are and have been
a party to litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our business. There were no material legal proceedings pending during
the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

In October 2016, a complaint was filed by Solaria Energie y Medio
Ambiente S.A. ( Solaria ) against the Company and its Spanish subsidiary, Specialized Technology Resources Espa a
S.A. ( STR Spain ), in the Court of the First Instance No. 8 in Oviedo, Spain, relating to a product quality claim
in connection with a non-encapsulant product that STR Spain purchased from a vendor in 2005 and 2006 and resold to Solaria. The
Company stopped selling this product in 2006. Solaria is seeking approximately  3.3 million, plus interest, in damages. The
Company believes it has meritorious defenses and plans to vigorously defend the matter. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

In addition to the other information set
forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,   Item 1A. Risk Factor s 
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial
position and results of operations. There have been no material changes to the risk factors as disclosed in Part I,   Item
1A. Risk Factor s  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 5. Other
Information  

None. 

29   

Item 6. Exhibits  

30   

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

STR HOLDINGS, INC.   

(Registrant)   

Date: November 9, 2016  
     /s/  Thomas D. Vitro   

Name:  
      Thomas D. Vitro   

Title:  
       Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer    

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO  

  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a - 14(a)
AND 15d - 14(a), AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Robert S. Yorgensen, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of STR Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
     /s/  Robert S. Yorgensen   

Name:  
      Robert S. Yorgensen   

Title:  
     
          Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO  

  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a - 14(a)
AND 15d - 14(a), AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I, Thomas D. Vitro, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of STR Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
     /s/  Thomas D. Vitro   

Name:  
      Thomas D. Vitro   

Title:  
     
          Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting
        Officer  
          (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS
ADOPTED  

  BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of
Title 18, United States Code, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer of STR Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify that to my knowledge: 

2.  the information contained in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
     /s/  Robert S. Yorgensen   

Name:  
      Robert S. Yorgensen   

Title:  
     
          Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  
          (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exh_322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS
ADOPTED  

  BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of
Title 18, United States Code, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of STR Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify that
to my knowledge: 

2.  the information contained in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
     /s/  Thomas D. Vitro   

Name:  
      Thomas D. Vitro   

Title:  
     
          Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting
        Officer  
          (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 stri-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 stri-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 stri-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 stri-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 stri-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 stri-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

