<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_38723_0001376474-16-000907_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3527292</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80201</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>171374</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>833888</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1368407</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>842202</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001376474-16-000907.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173003
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001376474-16-000907
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			1st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000038723
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		IRS NUMBER:				580521233
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	002-27985
		FILM NUMBER:		161996147

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 E TUGALO ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 880
		CITY:			TOCCOA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30577
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4048867571

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 EAST TUGALO STREET
		STREET 2:		PO  BOX  880
		CITY:			TOCCOA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30577

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRANKLIN DISCOUNT CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001376474-16-000907.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 ffc_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C  20549 

------------------------------  

FORM 10-Q  

T   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016  

OR 

o   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from ______________ to _____________ 

------------------------------  
  
   Commission File Number 2-27985 
  
    ------------------------------  

1 st  Franklin Financial Corporation  

A Georgia Corporation 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 58-0521233 

135 East Tugalo Street 
  
   Post Office Box 880 
  
   Toccoa, Georgia 30577 
  
   (706) 886-7571 

------------------------------  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:  (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),  and  (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   T   No   o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   T   No   o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one)   
 Large Accelerated Filer  o   Accelerated Filer  o  Non-Accelerated Filer  T  Smaller Reporting Company  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o    No   T  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class  
  Outstanding at November  14, 2016  
  
   Voting Common Stock, par value $100 per share 
 1,700 Shares 
  
   Non-Voting Common Stock, no par value 
 168,300 Shares 

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  
    Financial Statements:  

The information contained under the following captions in the Company's Quarterly Report to Investors as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is incorporated by reference herein.  See Exhibit 19. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited): 
  
                  September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings (Unaudited): 
  
                  Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited): 
  
                  Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited): 
  
             Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

ITEM 2.  
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations:  

The information contained under the heading  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in the Company's Quarterly Report to Investors as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is incorporated by reference herein.  See Exhibit 19. 

ITEM 3.  
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk:  

The information contained under the heading  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in the Company's Quarterly Report to Investors as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is incorporated by reference herein.  See Exhibit 19. 

ITEM 4.   
    Controls and Procedures:  

We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. An evaluation was carried out as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures.  Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Page | 1 

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  
    Legal Proceedings:  

The Company is, and expects to be, involved in various legal proceedings incidental to its business from time to time. In the opinion of Management, the ultimate resolution of any such known claims or proceedings is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 

ITEM 6.  
    Exhibits:  

(a) 
   Exhibits: 

19 

31.1 

31.2 

32.1 

32.2 

101.INS 
   
 101.SCH 
   
 101.CAL 
   
 101.LAB 
   
 101.PRE 
   
 101.DEF 
   Quarterly Report to Investors as of and for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
   
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
   
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
   
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
   
 XBRL Instance Document. 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

Page | 2 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

1 st  FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION  
  
        Registrant 

__/s/  Virginia C. Herring___________  
  
        President and Chief Executive Officer 
  
        (Principal Executive Officer) 

__/s/  A. Roger Guimond__________  
  
        Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  
        (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 November 14, 2016 

Page | 3 

Page | 4 

<EX-19>
 2
 ffc_ex19.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT TO INVESTORS

Quarterly Report to Investors 

Exhibit 19 

1 st   
  FRANKLIN  
  FINANCIAL  
  CORPORATION  

QUARTERLY  
  REPORT TO INVESTORS  
  AS OF AND FOR THE  
  THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED  
  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF  
  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
   
 The following narrative is Management s discussion and analysis of the foremost factors that influenced 1 st  Franklin Financial Corporation s and its consolidated subsidiaries  (the  Company ,  our  or  we ) financial condition and operating results as of and for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  This discussion and analysis and the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial information should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s 2015 Annual Report.  Results achieved in any interim period are not necessarily reflective of the results to be expected for any other interim or full year period. 
   
   Forward-Looking Statements  : 
   
 Certain information in this discussion, and other statements contained in this Quarterly Report which are not historical facts, may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained herein. Possible factors which could cause actual future results to differ from expectations include, but are not limited to, adverse general economic conditions, including changes in the interest rate environment, unexpected reductions in the size of or collectability of our loan portfolio, reduced sales or increased redemptions of our securities, unavailability of borrowings under our credit facility, federal and state regulatory changes affecting consumer finance companies, unfavorable outcomes in legal proceedings and adverse or unforeseen developments in any of the matters described under  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report, as well as other factors referenced elsewhere in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 
   
   The Company  : 
   
 We are engaged in the consumer finance business, primarily in making consumer loans to individuals in relatively small amounts for short periods of time.  Other lending-related activities include the purchase of sales finance contracts from various dealers and the making of first and second mortgage real estate loans on real estate. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s business was operated through a network of 292 branch offices located in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina and Tennessee. 
   
 We also offer optional credit insurance coverage to our customers when making a loan. Such coverage may include credit life insurance, credit accident and health insurance, and/or credit property insurance. Customers may request credit life insurance coverage to help assure that any outstanding loan balance is repaid if the customer dies before the loan is repaid or they may request accident and health insurance coverage to help continue loan payments if the customer becomes sick or disabled for an extended period of time.  Customers may also choose property insurance coverage to protect the value of loan collateral against damage, theft or destruction. We write these various insurance policies as an agent for a non-affiliated insurance company. Under various agreements, our wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries, Frandisco Life Insurance Company and Frandisco Property and Casualty Insurance Company, reinsure the insurance coverage on our customers written on behalf of this non-affiliated insurance company. 
   
 The Company's operations are subject to various state and federal laws and regulations.  We believe our operations are in compliance with applicable state and federal laws and regulations. 

1 

Financial Condition :  
   
 Total assets of the Company amounted to $689.8 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $674.4 million at December 31, 2015, representing a $15.4 million (2%) increase. The majority of the increase in total assets was due to growth in the Company s cash and cash equivalents (including short-term investments), growth in our investment portfolios and growth in miscellaneous other assets.  Offsetting a portion of the growth in assets was a decline in our net loan portfolio. 
   
 Cash and cash equivalents (excluding restricted cash) increased $19.4 million (38%) at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015.  The increase was generated by cash flows from operating activities and financing activities.  
   
 Restricted cash consists of funds maintained in restricted accounts held by the Company's insurance subsidiaries in order to comply with certain requirements imposed on insurance companies by the State of Georgia and to meet the reserve requirements of their reinsurance agreements.  Restricted cash also includes escrow deposits held by the Company on behalf of certain mortgage real estate customers.  At September 30, 2016, restricted cash decreased $7.7 million (83%) compared to December 31, 2015 mainly due to the transfer of a portion of previously restricted cash into trust accounts in the investment portfolios for the purpose of increasing yields.  See Note 3,  Investment Securities  in the accompaning  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  for further discussion of amounts held in trust. 
   
 Our net loan portfolio was $383.3 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $406.4 million at December 31, 2015, representing a $23.1 million decrease.  Loan liquidations exceeded loan originations during the nine-month period just ended which resulted in the decline in the loan portfolio.  Also contributing to the decline was an increase in our allowance for loan losses.  Included in our net loan portfolio is our allowance for loan losses which reflects Management s estimate of the level of allowance adequate to cover probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the date of the statement of financial position.  To evaluate the overall adequacy of our allowance for loan losses, we consider the level of loan receivables, historical loss trends, loan delinquency trends, bankruptcy trends and overall economic conditions.  Based on that analysis, Management added $7.5 million to the allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016.  See Note 2,  Allowance for Loan Losses,  in the accompanying  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  for further discussion of the Company s allowance for loan losses.  Management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate to cover probable losses inherent in the portfolio at September 30, 2016; however, unexpected changes in trends or deterioration in economic conditions could result in additional changes in the allowance.  Any increase could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition in the future. 
   
 The Company experienced a $24.6 million (15%) growth in its investment portfolio during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016.  A portion of surplus funds generated from sales of the Company's debt securities and funds generated from operations were invested in the portfolio to increase yields.  Higher market values on investments held as available for sale also contributed to the increase in our investment portfolio.  The Company's investment portfolio consists mainly of U.S. Treasury bonds, government agency bonds and various municipal bonds.  A portion of these investment securities have been designated as  available for sale  (94% as of September 30, 2016 and 89% as of December 31, 2015) with any unrealized gain or loss, net of deferred income taxes, accounted for as other comprehensive income in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.  The remainder of the Company s investment portfolio represents securities carried at amortized cost and designated as  held to maturity,  as Management does not intend to sell, and does not believe that it is more likely than not that it would be required to sell, such securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis.  In addition to the investment portfolio, the Company has funds in an equity method investment, with such investment accounted for using the equity method.  The balance in the fund at September 30, 2016 was $25.6 million compared to $25.0 million at December 31, 2015.  The Company has no additional investment commitments to the fund.  Management believes the Company has adequate funding available to meet liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. 

2 

Other assets increased $1.6 million (7%) at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. The majority of the growth was due to an increase in purchased fixed assets. 
   
 A significant source of funding for the Company is sales of its senior and subordinated debt to investors. The aggregate amount of senior and subordinated debt outstanding at September 30, 2016 was $441.7 million compared to $424.5 million at December 31, 2015, representing a 4% increase. The growth was directly related to higher sales of the Company s debt securities. 
   
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities decreased $4.1 million (16%) at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015 mainly due to disbursement of the 2015 incentive bonus in February 2016. Lower accrued expenses associated with our current year incentive bonus plan also contributed to the decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities. 
   
   Results of Operations  : 
   
     During the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, total revenues were $52.0 million and $156.3 million, respectively, compared to $53.1 million and $154.8 million during the same periods a year ago.  Revenues are generated primarily from interest and finance charge income and insurance premiums and commissions earned on our loan and investment portfolios. The aforementioned decline in our loan portfolio during the current year has resulted in slower growth in revenues during the current year. During the three-month period just ended, revenues were slightly lower than the same period a year ago.   
   
 Net income declined $5.0 million (97%) and $13.1 million (58%) during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods during 2015. Significant increases in the Company's provision for loan losses during the current year was the primary factor contributing to lower net income.  Lower net insurance income during the current year was also a factor contributing lower net income. 
   
   Net Interest Income   
   
   Net interest income represents the difference between income on earning assets (loans and investments) and the cost of funds on interest bearing liabilities.  Our net interest income is affected by the size and mix of our loan and investment portfolios as well as the spread between interest and finance charges earned on the respective assets and interest incurred on our debt.  Our net interest income increased $.5 million (1%) and $3.1 million (3%) during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015.  Average net receivables increased $21.5 million (5%) during the nine months just ended compared to the same period a year ago.  The higher level of average net receivables led to an increase in interest and finance charges earned of $.5 million (1%) and $3.8 million (3%) during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. 
   
 Although average daily borrowings increased $45.9 million during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, the relatively low interest rate environment continued to enable management to minimize increases in borrowing costs.  The Company's average borrowing rate was 3.13% and 3.27% during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  There was a minimal increase in interest expense during the three-month period just ended as compared to the same period a year ago.  During the nine-month period just ended, interest cost increased approximately $.7 million (7%) compared to the same comparable period a year ago, mainly due to the increase in average borrowings. 
   
 Management projects that, based on historical results, average net receivables will grow during the fourth quarter of 2016, and earnings are expected to increase accordingly.  However, a decrease in net receivables or an increase in interest rates on outstanding borrowings, could negatively impact our net interest margin.   

3 

Insurance Income   
   
 During the three- and nine-month periods just ended September 30, 2016, net insurance income decreased $2.4 million (22%) and $2.4 million (8%), respectively, compared to the same comparable periods a year ago. The decrease was mainly due to lower insurance revenue due to a decline in the number of customers opting for credit insurance products offered by the Company on certain loan products and a higher percentage of loan originations on loan products that do not include an option for insurance during the current year.   
   
 Lower insurance claims and expenses during the current year reportable periods offset a portion of the increase in net insurance income. 
   
   Other Revenue   
   
 Other revenue increased $1.2 million (367%) and $1.0 million (41%) for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015.  Higher earnings on our equity fund investment was the primary factor contributing to the increase in other revenue. 
   
   Provision for Loan Losses   
       
 The Company s provision for loan losses is a charge against earnings to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level that Management estimates is adequate to cover probable losses inherent as of the date of the statement of financial position. 
    
 Our provision for loan losses increased $5.6 million (51%) and $15.3 million (65%) during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared to same the periods in 2015.  Higher increases in net charge offs and the aforementioned increase in the allowance for loan losses during the current year were responsible for the higher provision during the current year periods.  Over the last twelve months, adoption of more stringent collection policies and procedures designed to limit the Company s exposure to losses over the longer term has contributed to higher delinquency and higher net charge offs. 
   
 Determining a proper allowance for loan losses is a critical accounting estimate which involves Management s judgment with respect to certain relevant factors, such as historical and expected loss trends, unemployment rates in various locales, current and expected net charge offs, delinquency levels, bankruptcy trends and overall general and industry specific economic conditions.      As a result of the aforementioned increase in net charge offs, increased delinquency rates and a higher number of customer bankruptcies, Management increased the allowance for loan losses to $41.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $33.5 million at December 31, 2015.  Management also continues to monitor unemployment rates, which have decreased slightly in recent periods, but remain higher than historical averages in certain of the states in which we operate.  Volatility in gasoline prices is also being monitored.  These factors tend to adversely impact our customers which, in turn, could have an adverse impact on our allowance for loan losses.  
   
 Based on present and expected overall economic conditions, however, Management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate to absorb losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016. However, continued increases in net charge offs, delinquency rates, bankruptcy trends and/or continued high than average levels of unemployment in certain states the Company operates in, and/or volatile market conditions could cause actual losses to vary materially from our estimated amounts. Management may determine it is appropriate to increase the allowance for loan losses in future periods, or actual losses could exceed allowances in any period, either of which events could have a material negative impact on our results of operations in the future. 
   
   Other Operating Expenses   
   
 Other operating expenses decreased $.9 million (3%) and $.8 million (1%) during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods a year ago.  Other operating expenses encompasses personnel expense, occupancy expense and miscellaneous other expenses.   

4 

Personnel expense decreased $1.5 million (8%) and $1.3 million (2%) during the three- and nine-month periods just ended compared to the same periods in 2015.  Although salaries have increased due to increases in our employee base and annual salary increases, overall personnel expense declined during the comparable periods primarily due to reductions in accruals related to the Company's bonus plan program. Based on current year operating results to date and Management's projections for the remainder of the year, the achievement of certain goals set at the beginning of the year are uncertain. As a result, Management reduced accruals for the 2016 incentive award program.  
   
 Occupancy expense increased $.3 million (8%) and $.4 million (4%) during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same comparable periods in 2015. Higher depreciation expenses and higher rent expense were the primary factors contributing the increases during the current year. 
   
 Miscellaneous other operating expenses increased $.3 million (5%) and $.1 million (1%) during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same prior year periods. The increases were primarily due to higher business promotion expenses, aircraft operating expenses, credit bureau dues, insurance premiums paid, insurance refunds paid on purchased receivables, stationary supplies and consultant fees.  Offsetting a portion of the increases were lower advertising expenses, collection expenses and certain travel expenses. Lower taxes and license expenses also offset a portion of the increases in miscellaneous other operating expenses.  
   
   Income Taxes   
       
 The Company has elected to be, and is, treated as an S corporation for income tax reporting purposes.  Taxable income or loss of an S corporation is passed through to, and included in the individual tax returns of, the shareholders of the Company, rather then being taxed at the corporate level.  Notwithstanding this election, however, income taxes continue to be reported for, and paid by, the Company's insurance subsidiaries as they are not allowed to be treated as S corporations, and for the Company s state taxes in Louisiana, which does not recognize S corporation status.  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized and provisions for current and deferred income taxes continue to be recorded by the Company s subsidiaries.  The Company uses the liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes and provides deferred income taxes for all significant income tax temporary differences.   
   
 Effective income tax rates were 88% and 30% during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively compared to 24% and 14% during each of the same periods during 2015.  Normally, the Company s effective tax rates during the reporting periods are lower than statutory rates due to income at the S corporation level being passed to the shareholders of the Company for tax reporting purposes, whereas income earned at the insurance subsidiary level was taxed at the corporate level.  The tax rates of the Company s insurance subsidiaries are normally below statutory rates primarily due to investments in tax exempt bonds held by the Company s insurance subsidiaries.  Effective income tax rates were higher during the current year reporting periods due to lower income ratios between the Company and its insurance subsidiaries compared to the same comparable periods a year ago.  
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  : 
   
 Interest rates continued to be near historical low levels during the reporting period.  The possibility of market fluctuations in market interest rates during the remainder of the year could have an impact on our net interest margin.  Please refer to the market risk analysis discussion contained in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a more detailed analysis of our market risk exposure.  There were no material changes in our risk exposures in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to those at December 31, 2015. 

5 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  : 
   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $70.9 million and   $51.4 million, respectively, invested in cash and cash equivalents, the majority of which was held by the parent company.   
   
 The Company s investments in marketable securities can be readily converted into cash, if necessary. State insurance regulations limit the use an insurance company can make of its assets. Dividend payments to a parent company by its wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries are subject to annual limitations and are restricted to the greater of 10% of policyholders  surplus or statutory earnings before recognizing realized investment gains of the individual insurance subsidiary. At December 31, 2015, Frandisco Property and Casualty Insurance Company ( Frandisco P C ) and Frandisco Life Insurance Company ( Frandisco Life ), the Company s wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries, had policyholders  surpluses of $70.5 million and $67.3 million, respectively.  The maximum aggregate amount of dividends these subsidiaries can pay to the Company in 2016, without prior approval of the Georgia Insurance Commissioner, is approximately $11.8 million. No dividends were paid during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 The majority of the Company s liquidity requirements are financed through the collection of receivables and through the sale of short- and long-term debt securities.  The Company s continued liquidity is therefore dependent on the collection of its receivables and the sale of debt securities that meet the investment requirements of the public.  In addition to its receivables and securities sales, the Company has an external source of funds available under a credit facility with Wells Fargo Preferred Capital, Inc. (the  credit agreement ).  The credit agreement, as amended, provides for borrowings of up to $100.0 million or 70% of the Company's net finance receivables (as defined in the Credit Agreement), whichever is less and has a maturity date of September 11, 2018.  Available borrowings under the credit agreement were $100.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, at an interest rate of 3.75%.  The credit agreement contains covenants customary for financing transactions of this type.  At September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants.  Management believes this credit facility, when considered with the Company s other expected sources of funds, should provide sufficient liquidity for the continued growth of the Company for the foreseeable future.  
   
   Critical Accounting Policies  : 
   
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and conform to general practices within the financial services industry. The Company s critical accounting and reporting policies include the allowance for loan losses, revenue recognition and insurance claims reserves.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no material changes to the critical accounting policies or related estimates previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
   
   Allowance for Loan Losses   
   
 Provisions for loan losses are charged to operations in amounts sufficient to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level considered adequate to cover probable credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio.   
   
 The allowance for loan losses is established based on the determination of the amount of probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the reporting date.  We review, among other things, historical charge off experience factors, delinquency reports, historical collection rates, economic trends such as unemployment rates, gasoline prices and bankruptcy filings and other information in order to make what we believe are the necessary judgments as to probable losses. Assumptions regarding probable losses are reviewed periodically and may be impacted by our actual loss experience and changes in any of the factors discussed above. 

6 

Revenue Recognition   
   
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require that an interest yield method be used to calculate the income recognized on accounts which have precomputed charges.  An interest yield method is used by the Company on each individual account with precomputed charges to calculate income for those active accounts; however, state regulations often allow interest refunds to be made according to the Rule of 78 s method for payoffs and renewals.  Since the majority of the Company's accounts with precomputed charges are paid off or renewed prior to maturity, the result is that most of those accounts effectively yield on a Rule of 78's basis. 
   
 Precomputed finance charges are included in the gross amount of certain direct cash loans, sales finance contracts and certain real estate loans.  These precomputed charges are deferred and recognized as income on an accrual basis using the effective interest method.  Some other cash loans and real estate loans, which do not have precomputed charges, have income recognized on a simple interest accrual basis.  Income is not accrued on any loan that is more than 60 days past due. 
   
 Loan fees and origination costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to the loan yield over the contractual life of the related loan.   
   
 The property and casualty credit insurance policies written by the Company, as agent for a non-affiliated insurance company, are reinsured by the Company s property and casualty insurance subsidiary.  The premiums on these policies are deferred and earned over the period of insurance coverage using the pro-rata method or the effective yield method, depending on the type product offered by state. 
   
 The credit life and accident and health insurance policies written by the Company, as agent for a non-affiliated insurance company, are reinsured by the Company s life insurance subsidiary. The premiums are deferred and earned using the pro-rata method for level-term life insurance policies and the effective yield method for decreasing-term life policies.  Premiums on accident and health insurance policies are earned based on an average of the pro-rata method and the effective yield method. 
   
   Insurance Claims Reserves   
   
 Included in unearned insurance premiums and commissions on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position are reserves for incurred but unpaid credit insurance claims for policies written by the Company, as agent for a non-affiliated insurance underwriter, and reinsured by the Company s wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries.  These reserves are established based on generally accepted actuarial methods.  In the event that the Company s actual reported losses for any given period are materially in excess of the previously estimated amounts, such losses could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
   
 Different assumptions in the application of any of these policies could result in material changes in the Company s consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations.  
   
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements :  
   
 See  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  in Note 1 to the accompanying  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  for a discussion of any applicable recently adopted accounting standards and the expected impact of accounting standards recently issued but not yet required to be adopted.  For pronouncements already adopted, any material impacts on the Company s consolidated financial statements are discussed in the applicable section(s) of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

7 

8 

9 

1st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
  (Unaudited)  

(1) 
 Reclassified $24,000 to other operating expenses and $8,160 to provision for income taxes on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings (Unaudited) during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 Reclassified $280 to provision for income taxes on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings (Unaudited) during the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. 
   
 Reclassified $24,795 to other operating expenses and $8,430 to provision for income taxes on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings (Unaudited) during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 Reclassified $56,113 to other operating expenses and $14,870 to provision for income taxes on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings (Unaudited) during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015.  

See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

10 

11 

-NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-  
   
  Note 1   Basis of Presentation  
   
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of 1 st  Franklin Financial Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company ) should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and notes thereto as of December 31, 2015 and for the year then ended included in the Company's 2015 Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
   
 In the opinion of Management of the Company, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all normal recurring adjustments necessary to present fairly the Company's consolidated financial position as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and its consolidated results of operations and comprehensive income for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and its consolidated cash flows for the nine-months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. While certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company believes that the disclosures herein are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. 
   
 The Company s financial condition and results of operations as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year or any other future period.  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at and as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
   
 The computation of earnings per share is self-evident from the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings (Unaudited).  The Company has no dilutive securities outstanding. 
   
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements: 
   
 There have been no updates to recent accounting pronouncements reported in our 2015 annual report and no new pronouncements effective this year the Management believes would have a material impact on the Company. 

12 

Note 2   Allowance for Loan Losses  
   
 The allowance for loan losses is based on Management's evaluation of the inherent risks and changes in the composition of the Company's loan portfolio.  Management s approach to estimating and evaluating the allowance for loan losses is on a total portfolio level based on historical loss trends, bankruptcy trends, the level of receivables at the balance sheet date, payment patterns and economic conditions primarily including, but not limited to, unemployment levels and gasoline prices.  Historical loss trends are tracked on an on-going basis.  The trend analysis includes statistical analysis of the correlation between loan date and charge off date, charge off statistics by the total loan portfolio, and charge off statistics by branch, division and state.  Delinquency and bankruptcy filing trends are also tracked.  If trends indicate an adjustment to the allowance for loan losses is warranted, Management will make what it considers to be appropriate adjustments.  The level of receivables at the balance sheet date is reviewed and adjustments to the allowance for loan losses are made if Management determines increases or decreases in the level of receivables warrants an adjustment.  The Company uses monthly unemployment statistics, and various other monthly or periodic economic statistics, published by departments of the U.S. government and other economic statistics providers to determine the economic component of the allowance for loan losses.  Such allowance is, in the opinion of Management, sufficiently adequate for probable losses in the current loan portfolio.  As the estimates used in determining the loan loss reserve are influenced by outside factors, such as consumer payment patterns and general economic conditions, there is uncertainty inherent in these estimates.  Actual results could vary based on future changes in significant assumptions. 
   
 Management does not disaggregate the Company s loan portfolio by loan class when evaluating loan performance.  The total portfolio is evaluated for credit losses based on contractual delinquency and other economic conditions. The Company classifies delinquent accounts at the end of each month according to the number of installments past due at that time, based on the then-existing terms of the contract.  Accounts are classified in delinquency categories based on the number of days past due.  When three installments are past due, Management classifies the account as being 60-89 days past due; when four or more installments are past due, Management classifies the account as being 90 days or more past due.  When a loan becomes five installments past due, it is charged off unless Management directs that it be retained as an active loan. In making this charge off evaluation, Management considers factors such as pending insurance, bankruptcy status and other indicators of collectability. In addition, no installment is counted as being past due if at least 80% of the contractual payment has been paid. In connection with any bankruptcy court-initiated repayment plan and as allowed by state regulatory authorities, the Company effectively resets the delinquency rating of each account to coincide with the court initiated repayment plan. The amount charged off is the unpaid balance less the unearned finance charges and the unearned insurance premiums, if applicable. 
   
 When a loan becomes 60 days or more past due based on its original terms, it is placed in nonaccrual status. At such time, the accrual of any additional finance charges is discontinued. Finance charges are then only recognized to the extent there is a loan payment received or when the account qualifies for return to accrual status. Nonaccrual loans return to accrual status when the loan becomes less than 60 days past due. There were no loans 60 days or more past due and still accruing interest at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. The Company s principal balances on non-accrual loans by loan class as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

13 

An aging analysis of principal balances on past due loans, segregated by loan class, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 follows: 

In addition to the delinquency rating analysis, the ratio of bankrupt accounts to the total loan portfolio is also used as a credit quality indicator.  The ratio of bankrupt accounts outstanding to total principal loan balances outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 2.71% and 2.40%, respectively. 
   
 Nearly our entire loan portfolio consists of small homogeneous consumer loans (of the product types set forth in the table below).   

14 

Sales finance contracts are similar to consumer loans in nature of loan product, terms, customer base to whom these products are marketed, factors contributing to risk of loss and historical payment performance, and together with consumer loans, represented approximately 96% of the Company s loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 and 2015.  As a result of these similarities, which have resulted in similar historical performance, consumer loans and sales finance contracts represent substantially all loan losses.  Real estate loans and related losses have historically been insignificant, and, as a result, we do not stratify the loan portfolio for purposes of determining and evaluating our loan loss allowance.  Due to the composition of the loan portfolio, the Company determines and monitors the allowance for loan losses on a collectively evaluated, single portfolio segment basis.  Therefore, a roll forward of the allowance for loan loss activity at the portfolio segment level is the same as at the total portfolio level.  We have not acquired any impaired loans with deteriorating quality during any period reported.  The following table provides additional information on our allowance for loan losses based on a collective evaluation:  

Troubled Debt Restructings ( TDRs ) represent loans on which the original terms of the loans have been modified as a result of the following conditions: (i) the restructuring constitutes a concession and (ii) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties. Loan modifications by the Company involve payment alterations, interest rate concessions and/ or reductions in the amount owed by the borrower.  The following table presents a summary of loans that were restructured during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents a summary of loans that were restructured during the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

15 

The following table presents a summary of loans that were restructured during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The following table presents a summary of loans that were restructured during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

TDRs that occurred during the previous twelve months and subsequently defaulted during the three months ended September 30, 2016 are listed below.   

TDRs that occurred during the twelve months ended September 30, 2015 and subsequently defaulted during the three months ended September 30, 2015 are listed below.  

16 

TDRs that occurred during the previous twelve months and subsequently defaulted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are listed below. 

TDRs that occurred during the twelve months ended September 30, 2015 and subsequently defaulted during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 are listed below. 

The level of TDRs, including those which have experienced a subsequent default, is considered in the determination of an appropriate level of allowance of loan losses.  
   
  Note 3   Investment Securities  
   
 Debt securities available-for-sale are carried at estimated fair value. Debt securities designated as  Held to Maturity  are carried at amortized cost based on Management's intent and ability to hold such securities to maturity.  The amortized cost and estimated fair values of these debt securities were as follows: 

17 

Gross unrealized losses on investment securities totaled $567,670 and $342,867 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  The following table provides an analysis of investment securities in an unrealized loss position for which other-than-temporary impairments have not been recognized as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The previous two tables represent 27 and 25 investments held by the Company at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, the majority of which are rated  A  or higher by Standard   Poor s.  The unrealized losses on the Company s investments listed in the above table were primarily the result of interest rate and market fluctuations.  Based on the credit ratings of these investments, along with the consideration of whether the Company has the intent to sell or will be more likely than not required to sell the applicable investment before recovery of amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider the impairment of any of these investments to be other-than-temporary at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 
   
 The Company s insurance subsidiaries internally designate certain investments as restricted to cover their policy reserves and loss reserves.  Funds are held in separate trusts for the benefit of each insurance subsidiary at U.S. Bank National Association ( US Bank ).  US Bank serves as trustee under a trust agreement with the Company's property and casualty insurance company subsidiary ( Frandisco P C ), as grantor, and American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, as beneficiary.  At September 30, 2016, this trust held $33.2 million in available-for-sale investment securities at market value and $6.0 million in held-to-maturity investment securities at amortized cost.  US Bank also serves as trustee under a trust agreement with the Company's life insurance subsidiary ( Frandisco Life ), as grantor, and American Bankers Life Assurance Company, as beneficiary.  At September 30, 2016, the trust for Frandisco Life held $6.4 million in available-for-sale investment securities at market value.  The amounts required to be in each Trust change as required reserves change.  All earnings on assets in the trusts are remitted to Frandisco P C and Frandisco Life, respectively.  Any charges associated with the trust are paid by the beneficiaries of each trust. 

18 

Note 4   Fair Value  
   
 Under Accounting Standards Codification No. 820 ( ASC No. 820 ), fair value is the price that would be received upon sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The following fair value hierarchy is used in selecting inputs used to determine the fair value of an asset or liability, with the highest priority given to Level 1, as these are the most transparent or reliable.  A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurements. 
   
 Level 1 - Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
   
 Level 2 - Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets. 
   
 Level 3 - Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable. 
   
 The following methods and assumptions are used by the Company in estimating fair values of its financial instruments: 
   
 Cash and Cash Equivalents:  Cash includes cash on hand and with banks. Cash equivalents are short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.   The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the relatively short period of time between origination of the instruments and their expected realization.  The estimate of the fair value of cash and cash equivalents is classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
   
 Loans:  The carrying value of the Company s direct cash loans and sales finance contracts approximates the fair value since the estimated life, assuming prepayments, is short-term in nature.  The fair value of the Company s real estate loans approximates the carrying value since the interest rate charged by the Company approximates market rate. The estimate of fair value of loans is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
   
 Marketable Debt Securities:  The Company values Level 2 securities using various observable market inputs obtained from a pricing service. The pricing service prepares evaluations of fair value for our Level 2 securities using proprietary valuation models based on techniques such as multi-dimensional relational models, and series of matrices that use observable market inputs. The fair value measurements and disclosures guidance defines observable market inputs as the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset developed on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. The extent of the use of each observable market input for a security depends on the type of security and the market conditions at the balance sheet date. Depending on the security, the priority of the use of observable market inputs may change as some observable market inputs may not be relevant or additional inputs may be necessary. The Company uses the following observable market inputs ( standard inputs ), listed in the approximate order of priority, in the pricing evaluation of Level 2 securities: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data including market research data. State, municipalities and political subdivisions securities are priced by our pricing service using material event notices and new issue data inputs in addition to the standard inputs. See additional information, including the table below, regarding fair value under ASC No. 820, and the fair value measurement of available-for-sale marketable debt securities. 

19 

Senior Debt Securities:  The carrying value of the Company s senior debt securities approximates fair value due to the relatively short period of time between the origination of the instruments and their expected repayment.  The estimate of fair value of senior debt securities is classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
   
 Subordinated Debt Securities:  The carrying value of the Company s variable rate subordinated debt securities approximates fair value due to the re-pricing frequency of the securities.  The estimate of fair value of subordinated debt securities is classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

The Company is responsible for the valuation process and as part of this process may use data from outside sources in establishing fair value.  The Company performs due diligence to understand the inputs and how the data was calculated or derived.  The Company employs a market approach in the valuation of its obligations of states, political subdivisions and municipal revenue bonds that are available-for-sale.  These investments are valued on the basis of current market quotations provided by independent pricing services selected by Management based on the advice of an investment manager.  To determine the value of a particular investment, these independent pricing services may use certain information with respect to market transactions in such investment or comparable investments, various relationships observed in the market between investments, quotations from dealers, and pricing metrics and calculated yield measures based on valuation methodologies commonly employed in the market for such investments. Quoted prices are subject to our internal price verification procedures.  We validate prices received using a variety of methods including, but not limited, to comparison to other pricing services or corroboration of pricing by reference to independent market data such as a secondary broker.  There was no change in this methodology during any period reported, although the use of different information or methodologies may have resulted in materially different determinations. 
   
 Assets measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were available-for-sale investment securities which are summarized below: 

20 

Note 5   Equity Method Investment  
   
 The Company has one investment accounted for using the equity method of accounting. On November 1, 2013, the Company invested $10.0 million in Meritage Capital, Centennial Absolute Return Fund, L.P. (the  Fund ). An additional $15.0 million was invested in the same fund on April 1, 2014. The carrying value of this investment was $25.6 million and $25.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company recognized gains of $.5 million and $.6 million from this investment during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to losses of $.7 million and $.6 million during the same comparable periods a year ago. The (loss) income was recorded in other revenue on the Company's consolidated statements of income and retained earnings. With at least 60 days notice, the Company has the ability to redeem its investment in the Fund at the end of any calendar quarter. The Company has no investment commitments to the Fund. 
   
 Condensed financial statement information of the equity method investment is as follows: 

Note 
 (a)  Represents 9 months of net income. 
 (b)  Represents 12 months of net income. 
   
  Note 6   Commitments and Contingencies  
   
 The Company is, and expects in the future to be, involved in various legal proceedings incidental to its business from time to time. Management makes provisions in its financial statements for legal, regulatory, and other contingencies when, in the opinion of Management, a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. At September 30, 2016, no such known proceedings or amounts, individually or in the aggregate, were expected to have a material impact on the Company or its financial condition or results of operations. 
   
  Note 7   Income Taxes  
   
 Effective income tax rates were 88% and 30% during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 24% and 14% during the same periods ended 2015, respectively.  The Company has elected to be, and is, treated as an S corporation for income tax reporting purposes.  Taxable income or loss of an S corporation is passed through to, and included in the individual tax returns, of the shareholders of the Company, rather than being taxed at the corporate level. Notwithstanding this election, income taxes are reported for, and paid by, the Company's insurance subsidiaries, as they are not allowed by law to be treated as S corporations, as well as for the Company in Louisiana, which does not recognize S corporation status.  The tax rates of the Company s insurance subsidiaries are below statutory rates due to investments in tax exempt bonds held by the Company s insurance subsidiaries.   
   
   Note 8   Credit Agreement  
   
 Effective September 11, 2009, the Company entered into a credit facility with Wells Fargo Preferred Capital, Inc.  The credit agreement provides for borrowings of up to $100.0 million or 70% of the Company's net finance receivables (as defined in the Credit Agreement), whichever is less and has a maturity date of September 11, 2018.  Available borrowings under the credit agreement were $100.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, at an interest rate of 3.75%.  The credit agreement contains covenants customary for financing transactions of this type.  At September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants.   

21 

Note 9   Related Party Transactions  
   
 The Company engages from time to time in transactions with related parties.  Please refer to the disclosure contained in Note 10  Related Party Transactions  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 for additional information on such transactions. 
   
  Note 10   Segment Financial Information  
   
 The Company discloses segment information in accordance with FASB ASC 280.  FASB ASC 280 requires companies to determine segments based on how management makes decisions about allocating resources to segments and measuring their performance.  The Company operates in five operating divisions that comprise one reportable business segment.  Division I through Division V.  Each division consists of a number of branch offices that are aggregated based on vice president responsibility and geographic location.  Division I consists of offices located in South Carolina.  Offices in North Georgia comprise Division II.  Division III consists of offices in South Georgia.  Division IV represents our Alabama and Tennessee offices, and our offices in Louisiana and Mississippi encompass Division V.   
   
 Accounting policies of each of the divisions are the same as those for the Company as a whole. Performance is measured based on objectives set at the beginning of each year and include various factors such as division profit, growth in earning assets and delinquency and loan loss management.  All division revenues result from transactions with third parties.  The Company does not allocate income taxes or corporate headquarter expenses to the divisions. 
   
 The following table summarizes revenues, profit and assets by each of the Company's divisions. Also in accordance therewith, a reconciliation to consolidated net income is provided.  

22 

BRANCH OPERATIONS  

Ronald F. Morrow  
   Vice President 
  
   Virginia K. Palmer  
   Vice President 
  
   J. Patrick Smith, III  
   Vice President 
  
   Marcus C. Thomas  
   Vice President 
  
   Michael J. Whitaker  
   Vice President 
  
   Joseph R. Cherry  
   Area Vice President 
  
   John B. Gray  
   Area Vice President 

REGIONAL OPERATIONS DIRECTORS  

Sonya Acosta 
   Carla Eldridge 
   Steve Knotts 
   Larry Mixson 
  
   Michelle Rentz Benton 
   Jimmy Fairbanks 
   Judy Landon 
   William Murillo 
  
   Maurice Bize  
   Chad Frederick 
   Sharon Langford 
   Mike Olive 
  
   Bert Brown 
   Shelia Garrett 
   Jeff Lee 
   Hilda Phillips 
  
   Ron Byerly 
   Kim Golka 
   Lynn Lewis 
   Ricky Poole  
  
   Keith Chavis 
   Brian Hill 
   Jimmy Mahaffey 
   Jennifer Purser 
  
   Bryan Cook 
 Richard Corirossi 
   David Hoard 
 Gail Huff 
   John Massey 
 Vicky McCleod 
   Summer Rhodes 
 Mike Shankles 
  
   Jeremy Cranfield 
 Joe Daniel 
   Jerry Hughes 
 Janice Hyde 
   Brian McSwain 
 Marty Miskelly 
   Harriet Welch 
 Robert Whitlock 
  
   Loy Davis 

BRANCH OPERATIONS  

ALABAMA  
  
   Adamsville 
   Center Point 
   Fayette 
   Jasper 
   Oxford  
   Selma 
  
   Albertville 
   Clanton 
   Florence 
   Moody 
   Ozark 
   Sylacauga 
  
   Alexander City 
   Cullman 
   Fort Payne 
   Moulton 
   Pelham 
   Tallassee 
  
   Andalusia 
   Decatur 
   Gadsden 
   Muscle Shoals 
   Prattville 
   Troy 
  
   Arab 
   Dothan (2) 
   Hamilton 
   Opelika 
   Russellville (2) 
   Tuscaloosa 
  
   Athens 
   Enterprise 
   Huntsville (2) 
   Opp 
   Scottsboro 
   Wetumpka 
  
   Bessemer 
                           
    GEORGIA  
  
   Adel 
   Canton 
   Dalton 
   Greensboro 
   Manchester 
   Stockbridge 
  
   Acworth 
   Carrollton 
   Dawson 
   Griffin 
   McDonough 
   Swainsboro 
  
   Albany 
   Cartersville 
   Douglas (2) 
   Hartwell 
   Milledgeville 
   Sylvania 
  
   Alma 
   Cedartown 
   Douglasville 
   Hawkinsville 
   Monroe 
   Sylvester 
  
   Americus 
   Chatsworth 
   Dublin 
   Hazlehurst 
   Montezuma 
   Thomaston 
  
   Athens (2) 
   Clarkesville 
   East Ellijay 
   Helena 
   Monticello 
   Thomasville  
  
   Augusta 
   Claxton 
   Eastman 
   Hinesville (2) 
   Moultrie 
   Thomson 
  
   Bainbridge 
   Clayton 
   Eatonton 
   Hiram 
   Nashville 
   Tifton 
  
   Barnesville 
   Cleveland 
   Elberton 
   Hogansville 
   Newnan 
   Toccoa 
  
   Baxley 
   Cochran 
   Fayetteville 
   Jackson 
   Perry 
   Tucker 
  
   Blairsville 
   Colquitt 
   Fitzgerald 
   Jasper 
   Pooler 
   Valdosta 
  
   Blakely 
   Columbus 
   Flowery Branch 
   Jefferson 
   Richmond Hill 
   Vidalia 
  
   Blue Ridge 
   Commerce 
   Forest Park 
   Jesup 
   Rome 
   Villa Rica 
  
   Bremen 
   Conyers 
   Forsyth 
   Kennesaw 
   Royston 
   Warner Robins 
  
   Brunswick 
   Cordele 
   Fort Valley 
   LaGrange 
   Sandersville 
   Washington 
  
   Buford 
   Cornelia 
   Ft. Oglethorpe 
   Lavonia 
   Sandy Springs 
   Waycross 
  
   Butler 
   Covington 
   Gainesville 
   Lawrenceville 
   Savannah 
   Waynesboro 
  
   Cairo 
 Calhoun  
   Cumming 
 Dahlonega 
   Garden City  
 Georgetown 
   Macon 
 Madison 
   Statesboro 
   Winder 

23 

BRANCH OPERATIONS  
  
    (Continued)  

LOUISIANA  
  
   Abbeville 
   Crowley 
   Houma 
   Marksville 
   Opelousas 
   Springhill 
  
   Alexandria 
   Denham Springs 
   Jena 
   Minden 
   Pineville 
   Sulphur 
  
   Baker 
   DeRidder 
   Lafayette 
   Monroe  
   Prairieville 
   Thibodaux 
  
   Bastrop 
   Eunice 
   Lake Charles 
   Morgan City 
   Ruston 
   West Monroe 
  
   Bossier City 
 Covington 
   Franklin 
 Hammond 
   LaPlace 
 Leesville 
   Natchitoches 
 New Iberia 
   Slidell 
   Winnsboro  

MISSISSIPPI  
  
   Amory 
   Columbia 
   Gulfport 
   Jackson  
   Newton 
   Pontotoc 
  
   Batesville 
   Columbus 
   Hattiesburg 
   Kosciusko 
   Olive Branch 
   Ripley 
  
   Bay St. Louis 
   Corinth 
   Hazlehurst  
   Magee 
   Oxford 
   Senatobia 
  
   Booneville 
   Forest 
   Hernando 
   McComb 
   Pearl 
   Starkville 
  
   Brookhaven 
   Greenwood  
   Houston 
   Meridian 
   Philadelphia 
   Tupelo 
  
   Carthage 
   Grenada 
   Iuka 
   New Albany 
   Picayune 
   Winona 

SOUTH CAROLINA  
  
   Aiken 
   Chester 
   Georgetown 
   Laurens 
   North Charleston 
   Spartanburg 
  
   Anderson 
   Columbia 
   Greenwood 
   Lexington 
   North Greenville 
   Summerville 
  
   Batesburg- 
    Leesvile 
   Conway 
   Greer 
   Manning 
   North Myrtle 
    Beach 
   Sumter 
  
   Beaufort 
   Dillon 
   Hartsville 
   Marion 
   Orangeburg 
   Union 
  
   Camden 
   Easley 
   Irmo 
   Moncks Corner 
   Rock Hill 
   Walterboro 
  
   Cayce 
   Florence  
   Lake City 
   Myrtle Beach 
   Seneca 
   Winnsboro 
  
   Charleston 
   Gaffney 
   Lancaster 
   Newberry 
   Simpsonville 
   York 
  
   Cheraw 

TENNESSEE  
  
   Alcoa 
   Crossville 
   Greenville 
   LaFollette 
   Murfreesboro 
   Sparta 
  
   Athens 
   Dayton 
   Hixson 
   Lenior City 
   Newport 
   Tullahoma 
  
   Bristol 
   Elizabethton 
   Johnson City 
   Madisonville 
   Powell 
   Winchester 
  
   Cleveland 
   Gallatin 
   Kingsport 
   Morristown 
   Sevierville 

24 

DIRECTORS  

Ben F. Cheek, IV 
 Chairman 
 1 st  Franklin Financial Corporation 
   John G. Sample, Jr. 
 Senior Vice President and  
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Atlantic American Corporation 

Ben F. Cheek, III 
 Vice Chairman 
 1 st  Franklin Financial Corporation 
     
 C. Dean Scarborough 
 Realtor 

A. Roger Guimond 
 Executive Vice President and  
 Chief Financial Officer 
 1 st  Franklin Financial Corporation 
     
 Keith D. Watson 
 President 
 Bowen   Watson, Inc. 

Jim H. Harris, III 
 Founder / Co-owner  
 Unichem Technologies 
 Founder / Owner / President 
 Moonrise Distillery 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS  

Ben F. Cheek, IV 
 Chairman 

Ben F. Cheek, III 
 Vice Chairman 

Virginia C. Herring 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

A. Roger Guimond 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Daniel E. Clevenger, II 
 Executive Vice President - Compliance 

C. Michael Haynie 
 Executive Vice President - Human Resources 

Kay S. O'Shields 
 Executive Vice President   Strategic and Organization Development 

Chip Vercelli 
 Executive Vice President   General Counsel 

Lynn E. Cox 
 Vice President / Corporate Secretary and Treasurer 

LEGAL COUNSEL  

Jones Day 
 1420 Peachtree Street, N.E. 
 Suite 800 
 Atlanta, Georgia  30309-3053 

AUDITORS  

Deloitte   Touche LLP 
 191 Peachtree Street, N.E. 
 Atlanta, Georgia  30303 

25 

</EX-19>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ffc_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 31.1  
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  
  CERTIFICATIONS  
   
 I,  Virginia C. Herring, certify that: 
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of 1st Franklin Financial Corporation; 
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  
 November 14, 2016 
     /s/ Virginia C. Herring      
 Virginia C. Herring, President and  
 Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ffc_ex31z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 31.2  
   
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  
  CERTIFICATIONS  
   
 I,  A. Roger Guimond, certify that: 
   
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of 1st Franklin Financial Corporation; 
   
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  
 November 14, 2016 
    /s/ A. Roger Guimond        
 A. Roger Guimond,  Executive Vice    
 President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ffc_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 32.1  

1 st  FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION  
  
    135 EAST TUGALO STREET  
  
    P.O. BOX 880  
  
    TOCCOA, GEORGIA  30577  
  
    TELEPHONE:  (706) 886-7571  

November 14, 2016 

Re:  
  Certification Pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with the filing of the quarterly report of 1 st  Franklin Financial Corporation (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, that, to such officer s knowledge:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)  
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

/s/ Virginia C. Herring                                      
  
   Name:  Virginia C. Herring 
  
   Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ffc_ex32z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Certification 

Exhibit 32.2  

1 st  FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORPORATION  
  
    135 EAST TUGALO STREET  
  
    P.O. BOX 880  
  
    TOCCOA, GEORGIA  30577  
  
    TELEPHONE:  (706) 886-7571  

November 14, 2016 

Re:  
  Certification Pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with the filing of the quarterly report of 1 st  Franklin Financial Corporation (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, that, to such officer s knowledge:  

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)  
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

/s/ A. Roger Guimond                              
  
   Name:  A. Roger Guimond 
  
   Title:  Executive Vice President and  
  
              Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ffc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ffc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 ffc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ffc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ffc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ffc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

