<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161128_10-K_edgar_data_825542_0001546380-16-000078_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27739208</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>442616</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1405397</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10038244</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11804431</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3557146</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>106</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001546380-16-000078.hdr.sgml : 20161128
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161128091039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001546380-16-000078
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		161
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161128
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161128

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000825542
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		IRS NUMBER:				311414921
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11593
		FILM NUMBER:		162018691

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14111 SCOTTSLAWN ROAD
		CITY:			MARYSVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43041
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9376440011

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14111 SCOTTSLAWN ROAD
		STREET 2:		N/A
		CITY:			MARYSVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43041

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCOTTS COMPANY
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CDS HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001546380-16-000078.txt : 20161128

10-K
 1
 smg930201610k.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ______________________________________________________________  
  Form 10-K 
  (Mark One) 

For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                      to                      
  Commission file number 1-11593 
  ______________________________________________________________   
  The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
  937-644-0011 
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
                 Title of Each Class 
    Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
      Common Shares, without par value 
    New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
  None 
  ______________________________________________________________  
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes           No    o 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes    o      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No    o 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
    o 
      Non-accelerated filer 
    o     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes    o      No      
  The aggregate market value of Common Shares (the only common equity of the registrant) held by non-affiliates (for this purpose, executive officers and directors of the registrant are considered affiliates) as of   April 2, 2016   (the last business day of the most recently completed second quarter) was approximately $  3,300,118,585  . 
  There were   60,086,416   Common Shares of the registrant outstanding as of   November 18, 2016  . 
  ______________________________________________________________  
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 
  Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement for the registrant s 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
    BUSINESS 
     Company Description and Development of the Business 
  The discussion below provides a brief description of the business conducted by The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company ( Scotts Miracle-Gro  and, together with its subsidiaries, the  Company,   we  or  us ), including general developments in the Company s business during the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   ( fiscal   2016   ).  For additional information on recent business developments, see  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  We are a leading manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer lawn and garden products.  Our products are marketed under some of the most recognized brand names in the industry.  In North America, key brands include Scotts        and Turf Builder        lawn and grass seed products; Miracle-Gro       , Nature s Care       , Scotts       , LiquaFeed        and Osmocote    1    gardening and landscape products; and Ortho       , Roundup    2    ,    Home Defense        and Tomcat        branded insect control, weed control and rodent control products.  In the United Kingdom, key brands include Miracle-Gro        plant fertilizers; Roundup    2   , Weedol        and Pathclear        herbicides; EverGreen        lawn fertilizers; and Levington        gardening and landscape products.  Other significant brands in Europe include Roundup    2   , KB        and Fertilig ne        in France; Roundup    2   , Celaflor       , Nexa Lotte        and Substral        in Germany and Austria; and Roundup    2   , ASEF       , KB        and Substral        in Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg.  We are the exclusive agent of the Monsanto Company ( Monsanto ) for the marketing and distribution of consumer Roundup        non-selective herbicide products within the United States and other contractually specified countries.  We have a presence in similar consumer branded products in Australia, the Far East and Latin America.  In addition, with our recent acquisitions of Gavita Holdings B.V. ( Gavita ), General Hydroponics, Inc. ( General Hydroponics ) and Bio-Organic Solutions, Inc. ( Vermicrop ), and control of AeroGrow International, Inc. ( AeroGrow ), we are a leading producer of liquid plant food products, growing media, advanced indoor garden and lighting systems and accessories for hydroponic gardening.  Prior to April 13, 2016, we operated the Scotts LawnService        business (the  SLS Business ), which provided residential and commercial lawn care, tree and shrub care and pest control services in the United States.  On April 13, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Contribution and Distribution Agreement (the  Contribution Agreement ) between the Company and TruGreen Holding Corporation ( TruGreen Holdings ), we completed the contribution of the SLS Business to a newly formed subsidiary of TruGreen Holdings (the  TruGreen Joint Venture ) in exchange for a minority equity interest of approximately 30% in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  We now participate in the residential and commercial lawn care, tree and shrub care and pest control services segment in the United States and Canada through our interest in the TruGreen Joint Venture. 
  Scotts Miracle-Gro, an Ohio corporation, traces its heritage back to a company founded by O.M. Scott in Marysville, Ohio in 1868.  In the mid-1900s, we became widely known for the development of quality lawn fertilizers and grass seeds that led to the creation of a new industry-consumer lawn care.  In the 1990s, we significantly expanded our product offering with three powerful leading brands in the U.S. home lawn and garden industry.  First, in fiscal 1995, through a merger with Stern s Miracle-Gro Products, Inc., which was founded by Horace Hagedorn and Otto Stern in Long Island, New York in 1951, we acquired the Miracle-Gro        brand, the industry leader in water-soluble garden plant foods.  Second and third, in 1998, we acquired the Ortho        brand in the United States and obtained exclusive rights to market the consumer Roundup        brand within the United States and other contractually specified countries, thereby adding industry-leading weed, pest and disease control products to our portfolio.  Today, we believe that Scotts       , Turf Builder       , Miracle-Gro       , Ortho        and Roundup        are the most widely recognized brands in the consumer lawn and garden industry in the United States. 
  Our strategy is focused on (i) growing our core branded business, primarily in North America where we can leverage our competitive advantages in emerging areas of growth including organics, hydroponics, live goods, water positive landscapes, and internet-enabled technology, (ii) maximizing the value of non-core-assets including the divestiture of Scotts LawnService        and exploring alternatives in Europe, and (iii) cash flow including near-term investments that will drive long-term growth, a natural mid-term shift to integration of acquired businesses, and a long-term plan to return increasing amounts of cash to shareholders. 
  
                    ________________________ 
       1     Osmocote        is a registered trademark of Everris International B.V., a subsidiary of Israel Chemicals Ltd. 
       2     Roundup        is a registered trademark of Monsanto Technology LLC, a company affiliated with Monsanto Company. 

2 

Business Segments 
  We divide our business into the following reportable segments: 
             
    U.S. Consumer 
                
    Europe Consumer 
                
    Other 
     This division of reportable segments is consistent with how the segments report to and are managed by our Chief Executive Officer (the chief operating decision-maker of the Company).  Financial information about these segments for each of the three fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is presented in  NOTE 22.  SEGMENT INFORMATION  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  As a result of the completion of the Company s contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture on April 13, 2016, effective in its second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company classified its results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities of the SLS Business as held for sale.  See  NOTE 2.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  for further discussion.  Prior to being reported as discontinued operations, the SLS Business was included as its own reportable segment.  Refer to  NOTE 22.  SEGMENT INFORMATION  for discussion of the Company s new reportable segments identified effective in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. 
  Principal Products and Services 
  In our reportable segments, we manufacture, market and sell consumer lawn and garden products in the following categories: 
  Lawn Care:   The lawn care category is designed to help consumers obtain and enjoy the lawn they want.  In the United States and Canada, products within this category include lawn fertilizer products under the Scotts        and Turf Builder        brand names; grass seed products under the Scotts       , Turf Builder       , EZ Seed       , Water Smart        and PatchMaster        brand names; and lawn-related weed, pest and disease control products primarily under the Scotts        brand name, including sub-brands such as GrubEx       .        A similar range of products is marketed in Europe and Australia under a variety of brands such as EverGreen       , Fertilig ne       , Substral       , Miracle-Gro        Patch Magic       , Weedol       , Pathclear       , KB        and Celaflor       .        The lawn care category also includes spreaders and other durables under the Scotts        brand name, including Turf Builder        EdgeGuard        spreaders, Snap        spreaders and Handy Green        II handheld spreaders.  In addition, we market outdoor cleaners under the Scotts        OxiClean   TM3    brand name.  
  Gardening and Landscape:   The gardening and landscape category is designed to help consumers grow and enjoy flower and vegetable gardens and beautify landscaped areas.  This category also includes our recent entry into hydroponic, i.e., soil less, gardening.  In the United States, products within this category include a complete line of water-soluble plant foods under the Miracle-Gro        brand and sub-brands such as LiquaFeed       , continuous-release plant foods under the Miracle-Gro       , Scotts        and Osmocote        brands and sub-brands of Miracle-Gro        such as Shake  N Feed       ; potting mixes and garden soils under the Miracle-Gro       , Scotts       , Hyponex       , Earthgro        and SuperSoil        brand names; mulch and decorative groundcover products under the Scotts        brand, including the sub-brands Nature Scapes       , Earthgro        and Hyponex       ; plant-related pest and disease control products under the Ortho        brand; organic garden products under the Miracle-Gro        Organic Choice       , Nature s Care       , Scotts       , Whitney Farms        and EcoScraps        brand names; live goods and seeding solutions under the Miracle-Gro        brand and Gro-ables        sub-brand; and hydroponic gardening products under the General Hydroponics       , Gavita        and AeroGarden        brand names.  Internationally, similar products are marketed under the Miracle-Gro       , Fertilig ne       , Substral       , KB       , Celaflor       , ASEF       , Scotts       , Scotts EcoSense       , Naturen       , Miracle-Gro        Organic Choice        and Fafard        brand names.  In the second quarter of fiscal 2016, we entered into a Marketing, R D and Ancillary Services Agreement (the  Services Agreement ) and a Term Loan Agreement (the  Term Loan Agreement ) with Bonnie Plants, Inc. ( Bonnie ) and its sole shareholder, Alabama Farmers Cooperative, Inc. ( AFC ), pursuant to which we provide financing and certain services to Bonnie s business of planting, growing, developing, manufacturing, distributing, marketing, and selling to retail stores throughout the United States live plants, plant food, fertilizer and potting soil (the  Bonnie Business ).  See  Acquisitions and Divestitures  for further discussion. 

________________________ 
       3         OxiClean   TM    is a registered trademark of Church   Dwight Co., Inc. 

3 

Controls:   The controls category is designed to help consumers protect their homes from pests and maintain external home areas.  In the United States, insect control products are marketed under the Ortho        brand name, including Ortho Max       , Home Defense Max        and Bug B Gon Max        sub-brands; rodent control products are marketed under the Tomcat        and Ortho        brands; selective weed control products are marketed under the Ortho        Weed B Gon        sub-brand; and non-selective weed control products are marketed under the Roundup        and Groundclear        brand names.  Internationally, products within this category are marketed under the Nexa Lotte       , Fertilig ne       , KB       , Home Defence       , Home Defense       , Weedol       , Pathclear        and Roundup        brands.  
  Since 1998, we have served as Monsanto s exclusive agent for the marketing and distribution of consumer Roundup        products in the consumer lawn and garden market within the United States and other specified countries, including Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.  In 2015, the territories were expanded to include all countries other than Japan and those subject to a comprehensive U.S. trade embargo or certain other embargoes and trade restrictions.  Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Exclusive Agency and Marketing Agreement (the  Marketing Agreement ) between the Company and Monsanto, we are jointly responsible with Monsanto for developing global consumer and trade marketing programs for consumer Roundup       .        We provide manufacturing conversion services (in North America), distribution and logistics, and selling and marketing support for consumer Roundup       .  We also entered into a lawn and garden brand extension agreement during 2015, providing us the ability to extend the Roundup        brand globally into other categories of lawn and garden beyond non-selective weed control.  Monsanto continues to own the consumer Roundup        business and provides significant oversight of the brand.  In addition, Monsanto continues to own and operate the agricultural Roundup        business.  For additional details regarding the Marketing Agreement, see  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS   In the event of termination of the Marketing Agreement for consumer Roundup        products, we would lose a substantial source of future earnings and overhead expense absorption  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and  NOTE 6.  MARKETING AGREEMENT  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Acquisitions and Divestitures 
  On October 3, 2016, the Company, through its subsidiary The Hawthorne Gardening Company, completed the acquisition of American Agritech, L.L.C., d/b/a Botanicare, an Arizona-based leading producer of plant nutrients, plant supplements and growing systems used for hydroponic gardening for an estimated purchase price of   $90.0 million  . 
  On May 26, 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiary, The Hawthorne Gardening Company, acquired majority control and a 75% economic interest in Gavita for   $136.2 million  .  Gavita s former ownership group retained a 25% noncontrolling interest in Gavita consisting of ownership of 5% of the outstanding shares of Gavita and a loan with interest payable based on distributions by Gavita.  Gavita, which is based in the Netherlands, is a leading producer and marketer of indoor lighting used in the greenhouse and hydroponic markets, predominately in the United States and Europe.  This transaction provides the Company s Other segment with a presence in the lighting category of indoor and urban gardening, which is a part of the Company s long-term growth strategy. 
  In the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company completed an acquisition to expand its Canadian growing media operations for an estimated purchase price of   $33.9 million  .  
  In the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company entered into the Services Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement with Bonnie and AFC providing for the Company s participation in the Bonnie Business.  The Term Loan Agreement provides a loan from the Company to AFC, with Bonnie as guarantor, in the amount of $72.0 million with a fixed coupon rate of 6.95% (the  Term Loan ).  Under the Services Agreement, the Company provides marketing, research and development and certain ancillary services to the Bonnie Business for a commission fee based on the profits of the Bonnie Business and the reimbursement of certain costs. 
  On May 15, 2015, we amended our Marketing Agreement with Monsanto and entered into a lawn and garden brand extension agreement, and a commercialization and technology agreement with Monsanto.  We paid Monsanto $300.0 million in consideration for these agreements on August 14, 2015, using borrowings under our credit facility.  These agreements provide us with the following significant rights: 
             
    The ability to extend the Roundup        brand globally into other categories of lawn and garden beyond non-selective weed control;  
                
    The opportunity to introduce the consumer Roundup        brand into territories not included in the original Marketing Agreement, including China and Latin America.  Only Japan and countries with U.S. trade embargoes are excluded from the Marketing Agreement; 
                
    The opportunity to propose changes to product formulations if deemed necessary to grow and/or protect the Roundup        brand; 
     
   4 

A right of first offer and a right of last look in the event Monsanto were to sell the consumer Roundup        business and a credit to the purchase price in an amount equal to the then applicable termination fee in the event we make a bid in connection with such a sale; 
                
    A  first look  related to Monsanto s innovation pipeline that would provide Scotts Miracle-Gro with access to new technology and products that may be commercialized in the residential lawn and garden marketplace; 
                
    The enhancements of our rights in connection with the termination of the Marketing Agreement, including increasing the termination fee payable thereunder, eliminating certain of Monsanto s termination rights and delaying the effectiveness of a termination in connection with a change of control of Monsanto or a sale of the consumer Roundup        business for five years after the notice of termination; and 
                
    The expanded ability for us to transfer, and thereby monetize, our rights as marketing agent to a third party (1) with respect to (a) the North America territories and (b) one or more other included markets for up to three other assignments and (2) in connection with a change of control of Scotts Miracle-Gro. 
     On March 30, 2015, the Company acquired the assets of General Hydroponics and Vermicrop for   $120.0 million   and   $15.0 million  , respectively.  The Vermicrop purchase price was paid in common shares of Scotts Miracle-Gro ( Common Shares ) based on the average share price at the time of payment.  This transaction provides the Company s Other segment with an additional entry in the indoor and urban gardening category, which is a part of the Company s long-term growth strategy.  General Hydroponics and Vermicrop are leading producers of liquid plant food products, growing media and accessories for hydroponic gardening.  
  On September 30, 2014, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Scotts Canada Ltd., acquired Fafard   Brothers Ltd. ( Fafard ) for   $59.8 million  .  In continuous operation since 1940 and based in Saint-Bonaventure, Quebec, Canada, Fafard is a producer of peat moss and growing media products for consumer and professional markets including peat-based and bark-based mixes, composts and premium soils.  Fafard serves customers primarily across Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick and the eastern United States.  
  During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 ( fiscal 2014 ), as a reflection of our increased control of the operations of AeroGrow gained through a working capital loan made by the Company, we consolidated AeroGrow s financial results into that of the Company.  AeroGrow is a developer, marketer, direct-seller, and wholesaler of advanced indoor garden systems designed for consumer use in gardening, and home and office d cor markets.  AeroGrow operates primarily in the United States and Canada, as well as select countries in Europe, Asia and Australia. 
  On October 14, 2013, we acquired the Tomcat        consumer rodent control business from Bell Laboratories, Inc., located in Madison, Wisconsin, for   $60.0 million   in an all-cash transaction.  The acquisition included the Tomcat        brand and other intellectual property, as well as a long-term partnership to bring innovative technologies to the consumer rodent control market.  Tomcat        consumer products are sold at home centers, mass retailers, and grocery, drug and general merchandise stores across the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia.   
  In addition, over the past five years, we have completed several smaller acquisitions within our controls and growing media businesses. 
  During the past five years, we have completed several divestitures, the largest of which was our April 13, 2016 contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture in exchange for a minority equity interest of 30% in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  In the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012 ( fiscal 2012 ), we completed the wind down of our professional grass seed business.  In the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we completed the sale of our wild bird food business in the United States and Canada for   $4.1 million   in cash and   $1.0 million   in earn-out payments.  We have classified our results of operations for all periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect these businesses as discontinued operations during the applicable periods.  See  NOTE 2.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
  Principal Markets and Methods of Distribution 
  We sell our consumer products primarily to home centers, mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs, large hardware chains, independent hardware stores, nurseries, garden centers, food and drug stores, and indoor gardening and hydroponic stores through both a direct sales force and our network of brokers and distributors.  In addition, during fiscal   2016  , we employed approximately 3,300 full-time and seasonal in-store associates within the United States to help our retail partners merchandise their lawn and garden departments directly to consumers of our products. 
  The majority of shipments to customers are made via common carriers or through distributors in the United States and through a network of public warehouses and distributors in Europe.  We primarily utilize third parties to manage the key distribution centers for our consumer business in North America, which are strategically located across the United States and Canada.  The  
  
   5 

distribution centers for our consumer business internationally are located in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Austria and Australia and are also managed by third-party logistics providers.  Growing media products are generally shipped direct-to-store without passing through a distribution center.  
  Raw Materials 
  We purchase raw materials for our products from various sources.  We are subject to market risk as a result of the fluctuating prices of raw materials such as urea and other fertilizer inputs, resins, diesel, gasoline, natural gas, sphagnum peat, bark and grass seed.  Our objectives surrounding the procurement of these materials are to ensure continuous supply, minimize costs and improve predictability.  We seek to achieve these objectives through negotiation of contracts with favorable terms directly with vendors.  When appropriate, we commit to purchase a certain percentage of our needs in advance of the season to secure pre-determined prices.  We also hedge certain commodities, particularly diesel, gasoline and urea, to improve cost predictability and control.  Sufficient raw materials were available during fiscal   2016  . 
  Trademarks, Patents and Licenses 
  We consider our trademarks, patents and licenses to be key competitive advantages.  We pursue a vigorous trademark protection strategy consisting of registration, renewal and maintenance of key trademarks and proactive monitoring and enforcement activities to protect against infringement.  The Scotts       , Miracle-Gro       , Ortho       , Tomcat       , Hyponex       , Earthgro       , General Hydroponics       , Vermicrop        and Gavita        brand names and logos, as well as a number of product trademarks, including Turf Builder       , EZ Seed       , Snap       , Organic Choice       , Nature s Care       , Home Defense Max       , Nature Scapes        and Weed B Gon Max       , are registered in the United States and/or internationally and are considered material to our business.  
  In addition, we actively develop and maintain an extensive portfolio of utility and design patents covering subject matters such as fertilizer, chemical and growing media compositions and processes; grass seed varieties; and mechanical dispensing devices such as applicators, spreaders and sprayers.  Our utility patents provide protection generally extending to 20 years from the date of filing, and many of our patents will continue well into the next decade.  We also hold exclusive and non-exclusive patent licenses and supply arrangements, permitting the use and sale of additional patented fertilizers, pesticides and mechanical devices.  Although our portfolio of patents and patent licenses is important to our success, no single patent or group of related patents is considered significant to either of our business segments or the business as a whole. 
  Seasonality and Backlog 
  Our business is highly seasonal, with more than   75%   of our annual net sales occurring in our second and third fiscal quarters combined.  Our annual sales are further concentrated in our second and third fiscal quarters by retailers who rely on our ability to deliver products closer to when consumers buy our products, thereby reducing retailers  pre-season inventories. 
  We anticipate significant orders for the upcoming spring season will start to be received late in the winter and continue through the spring season.  Historically, substantially all orders have been received and shipped within the same fiscal year with minimal carryover of open orders at the end of the fiscal year. 
  Significant Customers 
  We sell our consumer products primarily to home centers, mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs, large hardware chains, independent hardware stores, nurseries, garden centers, food and drug stores, and indoor gardening and hydroponic stores.  Our three largest customers are Home Depot, Lowe s and Walmart, which are reported within the U.S. Consumer segment and are the only customers that individually represent more than 10% of reported consolidated net sales.  For additional details regarding significant customers, see  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS   Because of the concentration of our sales to a small number of retail customers, the loss of one or more of, or a significant reduction in orders from, our top customers could adversely affect our financial results  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and  NOTE 20.  CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Competitive Marketplace 
  The markets in which we sell our products are highly competitive.  We compete primarily on the basis of product innovation, product quality, product performance, value, brand strength, supply chain competency, field sales support, in-store sales support, the strength of our relationships with major retailers and advertising.   
  
   6 

In the U.S. lawn and garden, pest control and indoor gardening and hydroponic markets, our products compete against private-label as well as branded products.  Primary competitors include Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., Bayer AG, Central Garden   Pet Company, Enforcer Products, Inc., Kellogg Garden Products, Oldcastle Retail, Inc., Lebanon Seaboard Corporation, Reckitt Benckiser, FoxFarm and Advanced Nutrients.  In addition, we face competition from smaller regional competitors who operate in many of the areas where we compete. 
  Internationally, we face strong competition in the lawn and garden market, particularly in Europe, Australia and Canada.  Our competitors include Compo AcquiCo SARL, Bayer AG, Westland Horticulture Ltd, Neudorff, Yates, Premier Tech and a variety of local companies including private label brands. 
  Research and Development 
  We continually invest in research and development, both in the laboratory and at the consumer level, to improve our products, manufacturing processes, packaging and delivery systems.  Spending on research and development was   $45.5 million  ,   $44.4 million   and   $46.0 million   in   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively, including product registration costs of   $14.3 million  ,   $13.0 million   and   $12.5 million  , respectively.  In addition to the benefits of our own research and development, we actively seek ways to leverage the research and development activities of our suppliers and other business partners. 
  Regulatory Considerations 
  Local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations affect the manufacture, sale, distribution and application of our products in several ways.  For example, in the United States, all products containing pesticides must comply with the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act of 1947, as amended ( FIFRA ), and most require registration with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the  U.S. EPA ) and similar state agencies before they can be sold or distributed.  Fertilizer and growing media products are subject to state and foreign labeling regulations.  In addition to the regulations already described, federal, state and foreign agencies regulate the disposal, transport, handling and storage of waste, remediation of contaminated sites, air and water discharges from our facilities, and workplace health and safety.  Our grass seed products are regulated by the Federal Seed Act and various state regulations.  
  In addition, the use of certain pesticide and fertilizer products is regulated by various local, state, federal and foreign environmental and public health agencies.  These regulations may include requirements that only certified or professional users apply the product or that certain products be used only on certain types of locations (such as  not for use on sod farms or golf courses ), may require users to post notices on properties to which products have been or will be applied, may require notification to individuals in the vicinity that products will be applied in the future or may ban the use of certain ingredients. 
  State, federal and foreign authorities generally require growing media facilities to obtain permits (sometimes on an annual basis) in order to harvest peat and to discharge storm water run-off or water pumped from peat deposits.  The permits typically specify the condition in which the property must be left after the peat is fully harvested, with the residual use typically being natural wetland habitats combined with open water areas.  We are generally required by these permits to limit our harvesting and to restore the property consistent with the intended residual use.  In some locations, these facilities have been required to create water retention ponds to control the sediment content of discharged water. 
  For more information regarding how compliance with local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations may affect us, see  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS   Compliance with environmental and other public health regulations or changes in such regulations or regulatory enforcement priorities could increase our costs of doing business or limit our ability to market all of our products  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Regulatory Matters 
  We are subject to various environmental proceedings, the majority of which are for site remediation.  At   September 30, 2016  ,   $4.0 million   was accrued for such environmental matters.  During   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , we expensed $0.4 million, $0.6 million and $3.1 million, respectively, for such environmental matters.  We had no material capital expenditures during the last three fiscal years related to environmental or regulatory matters. 
  
   7 

Employees 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we employed approximately 5,100 employees.  During peak sales and production periods, we employ approximately 6,500 employees, including seasonal and temporary labor. These numbers do not include approximately 2,040 employees we lease to Outdoor Home Services Holdings LLC as part of an employee leasing agreement entered into in connection with the contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture. 
  Financial Information About Geographic Areas 
  For certain information concerning our international revenues and long-lived assets, see  NOTE 22.  SEGMENT INFORMATION  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  General Information 
  We maintain a website at http://investor.scotts.com (this uniform resource locator, or URL, is an inactive textual reference only and is not intended to incorporate our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K).  We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and make available, free of charge, on or through our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as well as our proxy and information statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.  The SEC maintains a website that contains electronic filings by Scotts Miracle-Gro and other issuers at www.sec.gov.  In addition, the public may read and copy any materials Scotts Miracle-Gro files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.  The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
     Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the exhibits hereto and the information incorporated by reference herein, as well as our   2016   Annual Report to Shareholders (our    2016   Annual Report ), contain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to risks and uncertainties.  Information regarding activities, events and developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future, including, but not limited to, information relating to our future growth and profitability targets and strategies designed to increase total shareholder value, are forward-looking statements based on management s estimates, assumptions and projections.  Forward-looking statements also include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our future economic and financial condition and results of operations, the plans and objectives of management and our assumptions regarding our performance and such plans and objectives, as well as the amount and timing of repurchases of our Common Shares or other uses of cash flows.  Forward-looking statements generally can be identified through the use of words such as  guidance,   outlook,   projected,   believe,   target,   predict,   estimate,   forecast,   strategy,   may,   goal,   expect,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   foresee,   likely,   will,   should  and other similar words and variations. 
  Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our   2016   Annual Report are predictions only and actual results could differ materially from management s expectations due to a variety of factors, including those described below.  All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons working on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by such risk factors. 
  The forward-looking statements that we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our   2016   Annual Report are based on management s current views and assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates.  We disclaim any obligation to update developments of these risk factors or to announce publicly any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements that we make, or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws. 
  Compliance with environmental and other public health regulations or changes in such regulations or regulatory enforcement priorities could increase our costs of doing business or limit our ability to market all of our products. 
  Local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations relating to environmental matters affect us in several ways.  In the United States, all products containing pesticides must comply with FIFRA and most must be registered with the U.S. EPA and similar state agencies before they can be sold or distributed.  Our inability to obtain or maintain such compliance, or the cancellation of any such registration of our products, could have an adverse effect on our business, the severity of which would depend on such matters as the products involved, whether another product could be substituted and whether our competitors were similarly affected.  We attempt to anticipate regulatory developments and maintain registrations of, and access to, substitute active ingredients, but  
  
   8 

there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid or reduce these risks.  In the European Union (the  EU ), the European Parliament has adopted various forms of regulation which may substantially restrict or eliminate our ability to market and sell certain of our consumer pesticide products in their current form in the EU.  In addition, in Canada, regulations have been adopted by several provinces that substantially restrict our ability to market and sell certain of our consumer pesticide products. 
  Under the Food Quality Protection Act, enacted by the U.S. Congress in 1996, food-use pesticides are evaluated to determine whether there is reasonable certainty that no harm will result from the cumulative effects of pesticide exposures.  Under this Act, the U.S. EPA is evaluating the cumulative and aggregate risks from dietary and non-dietary exposures to pesticides.  The pesticides in our products, certain of which may be used on crops processed into various food products, are typically manufactured by independent third parties and continue to be evaluated by the U.S. EPA as part of this exposure risk assessment.  The U.S. EPA or the third-party registrant may decide that a pesticide we use in our products will be limited or made unavailable to us.  We cannot predict the outcome or the severity of the effect of these continuing evaluations. 
  In addition, the use of certain pesticide and fertilizer products is regulated by various local, state, federal and foreign environmental and public health agencies.  These regulations may, among other things, ban the use of certain ingredients or require (i) that only certified or professional users apply the product, (ii) that certain products be used only on certain types of locations, (iii) users to post notices on properties to which products have been or will be applied, (iv) notification to individuals in the vicinity that products will be applied in the future.  Even if we are able to comply with all such regulations and obtain all necessary registrations and licenses, we cannot provide assurance that our products, particularly pesticide products, will not cause injury to the environment or to people under all circumstances.  The costs of compliance, remediation or products liability have adversely affected operating results in the past and could materially adversely affect future quarterly or annual operating results. 
  Our products and operations may be subject to increased regulatory and environmental scrutiny in jurisdictions in which we do business.  For example, we are subject to regulations relating to our harvesting of peat for our growing media business which has come under increasing regulatory and environmental scrutiny.  In the United States, state regulations frequently require us to limit our harvesting and to restore the property to an agreed-upon condition.  In some locations, we have been required to create water retention ponds to control the sediment content of discharged water.  In Canada and the United Kingdom, our peat extraction efforts are also the subject of regulation. 
  In addition to the regulations already described, local, state, federal and foreign agencies regulate the disposal, transport, handling and storage of waste, remediation of contaminated sites, air and water discharges from our facilities, and workplace health and safety. 
  Under certain environmental laws, we may be liable for the costs of investigation and remediation of the presence of certain regulated materials, as well as related costs of investigation and remediation of damage to natural resources, at various properties, including our current and former properties as well as offsite waste handling or disposal sites that we have used.  Liability may be imposed upon us without regard to whether we knew of or caused the presence of such materials and, under certain circumstances, on a joint and several basis.  There can be no assurances that the presence of such regulated materials at any such locations, or locations that we may acquire in the future, will not result in liability to us under such laws or expose us to third-party actions such as tort suits based on alleged conduct or environmental conditions. 
  The adequacy of our current non-FIFRA compliance-related environmental reserves and future provisions depends upon our operating in substantial compliance with applicable environmental and public health laws and regulations, as well as the assumptions that we have both identified all of the significant sites that must be remediated and that there are no significant conditions of potential contamination that are unknown to us.  A significant change in the facts and circumstances surrounding these assumptions or in current enforcement policies or requirements, or a finding that we are not in substantial compliance with applicable environmental and public health laws and regulations, could have a material adverse effect on future environmental capital expenditures and other environmental expenses, as well as our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  
   9 

Damage to our reputation could have an adverse effect on our business. 
  Maintaining our strong reputation with both consumers and our retail customers is a key component in our success.  Product recalls, our inability to ship, sell or transport affected products and governmental investigations may harm our reputation and acceptance of our products by consumers and our retail customers, which may materially and adversely affect our business operations, decrease sales and increase costs. 
  In addition, perceptions that the products we produce and market are not safe could adversely affect us and contribute to the risk we will be subjected to legal action.  We manufacture and market a variety of products, such as fertilizers, growing media, herbicides and pesticides.  On occasion, allegations are made that some of our products have failed to perform up to expectations or have caused damage or injury to individuals or property.  Based on reports of contamination at a third-party supplier s vermiculite mine, the public may perceive that some of our products manufactured in the past using vermiculite are or may be contaminated.  Public perception that our products are not safe, whether justified or not, could impair our reputation, involve us in litigation, damage our brand names and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  Certain of our products may be purchased for use in new and emerging industries that are subject to inconsistent and rapidly changing laws and regulations and consumer perception. 
  Certain of our products may be purchased for use in new and emerging industries that may not grow or achieve market acceptance as rapidly as we expect.  The demand for such products may be negatively impacted if these industries grow more slowly than we expect.  In addition, certain of our products, including, for example, our hydroponic gardening products, may be purchased for use in industries or segments that are subject to inconsistent and rapidly changing laws and regulations with evolving consumer perceptions. The demand for such products may be negatively impacted if the laws, regulations and consumer perceptions applicable to such industries evolve in a manner that adversely affects the industries.  We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, administrative policies and consumer perceptions applicable to the industries in which our products are used, nor can we determine what effect, if any, such additional laws, regulations, administrative policies and consumer perceptions could have on our business. 
  Our marketing activities may not be successful. 
  We invest substantial resources in advertising, consumer promotions and other marketing activities to maintain, extend and expand our brand image.  There can be no assurances that our marketing strategies will be effective or that the amount we invest in advertising activities will result in a corresponding increase in sales of our products.  If our marketing initiatives are not successful, we will have incurred significant expenses without the benefit of higher revenues. 
  Our success depends upon the retention and availability of key personnel and the effective succession of senior management. 
  Our success largely depends on the performance of our management team and other key personnel.  Our future operations could be harmed if we are unable to attract and retain talented, highly qualified senior executives and other key personnel.  In addition, if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of senior management, including our chief executive officer, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
  Disruptions in availability or increases in the prices of raw materials or fuel could adversely affect our results of operations. 
  We source many of our commodities and other raw materials on a global basis.  The general availability and price of those raw materials can be affected by numerous forces beyond our control, including political instability, trade restrictions and other government regulations, duties and tariffs, price controls, changes in currency exchange rates and weather. 
  A significant disruption in the availability of any of our key raw materials could negatively impact our business.  In addition, increases in the prices of key commodities and other raw materials could adversely affect our ability to manage our cost structure.  Market conditions may limit our ability to raise selling prices to offset increases in our raw material costs.  Our proprietary technologies can limit our ability to locate or utilize alternative inputs for certain products.  For certain inputs, new sources of supply may have to be qualified under regulatory standards, which can require additional investment and delay bringing a product to market. 
  We utilize hedge agreements periodically to fix the prices of a portion of our urea and fuel needs.  The hedge agreements are designed to mitigate the earnings and cash flow fluctuations associated with the costs of urea and fuel.  In periods of declining urea and fuel prices, utilizing hedge agreements may effectively increase our expenditures for these raw materials. 
  
   10 

Our hedging arrangements expose us to certain counterparty risks. 
  In addition to commodity hedge agreements, we utilize interest rate swap agreements to hedge our variable interest rate exposure on debt instruments as well as foreign currency forward contracts to manage the exchange rate risk associated with certain intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries.  Utilizing these hedge agreements exposes us to certain counterparty risks.  The failure of one or more of these counterparties to fulfill their obligations under the hedge agreements, whether as a result of weakening financial stability or otherwise, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Economic conditions could adversely affect our business. 
  Uncertain global economic conditions could adversely affect our business.  Negative global economic trends, such as decreased consumer and business spending, high unemployment levels, reduced rates of home ownership and housing starts, high foreclosure rates and declining consumer and business confidence, pose challenges to our business and could result in declining revenues, profitability and cash flow.  Although we continue to devote significant resources to support our brands, unfavorable economic conditions may negatively affect consumer demand for our products.  Consumers may reduce discretionary spending during periods of economic uncertainty, which could reduce sales volumes of our products or result in a shift in our product mix from higher margin to lower margin products. 
  The highly competitive nature of our markets could adversely affect our ability to maintain or grow revenues. 
  Each of our operating segments participates in markets that are highly competitive.  Our products compete against national and regional products and private label products produced by various suppliers.  Many of our competitors sell their products at prices lower than ours.  Our most price sensitive customers may trade down to lower priced products during challenging economic times or if current economic conditions worsen.  We compete primarily on the basis of product innovation, product quality, product performance, value, brand strength, supply chain competency, field sales support, in-store sales support, the strength of our relationships with major retailers and advertising.  Some of our competitors have significant financial resources.  The strong competition that we face in all of our markets may prevent us from achieving our revenue goals, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  Our inability to continue to develop and grow brands with leading market positions, maintain our relationships with key retailers and deliver high quality products on a reliable basis at competitive prices could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
  We may not successfully develop new product lines and products or improve existing product lines and products or maintain our effectiveness in reaching consumers through rapidly evolving communication vehicles. 
  Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to improve our existing product lines and products and to develop, manufacture and market new product lines and products to meet evolving consumer needs, as well as our ability to leverage new mediums such as digital media and social networks to reach existing and potential consumers.  We cannot be certain that we will be successful in developing, manufacturing and marketing new product lines and products or product innovations which satisfy consumer needs or achieve market acceptance, or that we will develop, manufacture and market new product lines and products or product innovations in a timely manner.  If we fail to successfully develop, manufacture and market new product lines and products or product innovations, or if we fail to reach existing and potential consumers, our ability to maintain or grow our market share may be adversely affected, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, the development and introduction of new product lines and products and product innovations require substantial research, development and marketing expenditures, which we may be unable to recoup if such new product lines, products or innovations do not achieve market acceptance. 
  Many of the products we manufacture and market contain active ingredients that are subject to regulatory approval.  The need to obtain such approval could delay the launch of new products or product innovations that contain active ingredients or otherwise prevent us from developing and manufacturing certain products and product innovations. 
  Our ongoing investment in new product lines and products and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. 
  We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new product lines, products, and technologies.  Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenues to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments, inadequate return of capital on our investments, and unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence of such strategies and offerings.  Because these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 
  
   11 

Because of the concentration of our sales to a small number of retail customers, the loss of one or more of, or a significant reduction in orders from, our top customers could adversely affect our financial results. 
  Our top three retail customers together accounted for   61%   of our   fiscal 2016   net sales and   56%   of our outstanding accounts receivable as of   September 30, 2016  .  The loss of, or reduction in orders from, our top three retail customers, Home Depot, Lowe s, and Walmart, or any other significant customer could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as could customer disputes regarding shipments, fees, merchandise condition or related matters.  Our inability to collect accounts receivable from one of our major customers, or a significant deterioration in the financial condition of one of these customers, including a bankruptcy filing or a liquidation, could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  We do not have long-term sales agreements with, or other contractual assurances as to future sales to, any of our major retail customers.  In addition, continued consolidation in the retail industry has resulted in an increasingly concentrated retail base, and as a result, we are significantly dependent upon sales to key retailers who have significant bargaining strength.  To the extent such concentration continues to occur, our net sales and income from operations may be increasingly sensitive to deterioration in the financial condition of, or other adverse developments involving our relationship with, one or more of our key customers.  In addition, our business may be negatively affected by changes in the policies of our retailers, such as inventory destocking, limitations on access to shelf space, price demands and other conditions. 
  Our reliance on third-party manufacturers could harm our business. 
  We rely on third-party service providers to manufacture certain of our products.  This reliance generates a number of risks, including decreased control over the production process, which could lead to production delays or interruptions and inferior product quality control.  In addition, performance problems at these third-party providers could lead to cost overruns, shortages or other problems, which could increase our costs of production or result in delivery delays to our customers. 
  If one or more of our third-party manufacturers becomes insolvent or unwilling to continue to manufacture products of acceptable quality, at acceptable costs, in a timely manner, our ability to deliver products to our retail customers could be significantly impaired.  Substitute manufacturers might not be available or, if available, might be unwilling or unable to manufacture the products we need on acceptable terms.  Moreover, if customer demand for our products increases, we may be unable to secure sufficient additional capacity from our current third-party manufacturers, or others, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
  Our reliance on a limited base of suppliers may result in disruptions to our business and adversely affect our financial results. 
  Although we continue to implement risk-mitigation strategies for single-source suppliers, we rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain of our raw materials, product components and other necessary supplies, including certain active ingredients used in our products.  If we are unable to maintain supplier arrangements and relationships, if we are unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity and quality levels needed for our business, or if any of our key suppliers becomes insolvent or experience other financial distress, we could experience disruptions in production, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  A significant interruption in the operation of our or our suppliers  facilities could impact our capacity to produce products and service our customers, which could adversely affect revenues and earnings. 
  Operations at our and our suppliers  facilities are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including fire, flooding or other natural disasters, disease outbreaks or pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, government shut-downs and work stoppages.  A significant interruption in the operation of our or our suppliers  facilities could significantly impact our capacity to produce products and service our customers in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and financial position.  This is especially true for those products that we manufacture at a limited number of facilities, such as our fertilizer and liquid products in both the United States and Europe. 
  Climate change and unfavorable weather conditions could adversely impact financial results. 
  The issue of climate change is receiving ever increasing attention worldwide.  The possible effects, as described in various public accounts, could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels that could adversely impact our costs and business operations and the supply and demand for our fertilizer, garden soils and pesticide products.  In addition, fluctuating climatic conditions may result in unpredictable modifications in the manner in which consumers garden or their attitudes towards gardening, making it more difficult for us to provide appropriate products to appropriate markets in time to meet consumer demand. 
  
   12 

Because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate change and any resulting unfavorable weather conditions, we cannot predict its potential impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  Our indebtedness could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had $  1,316.1 million   of debt.  Our inability to meet restrictive financial and non-financial covenants associated with that debt could adversely affect our financial condition. 
  Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, fund planned capital expenditures and acquisitions, pay dividends and make repurchases of our Common Shares will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future.  This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control.  We cannot ensure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities or that future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facility in amounts sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 
  Our credit facility and the indenture governing our 6.000% Senior Notes due 2023 (the  6.000% Senior Notes ) contain restrictive covenants and cross-default provisions.  In addition, our credit facility requires us to maintain specified financial ratios.  Our ability to comply with those covenants and satisfy those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions.  A breach of any of those financial ratio covenants or other covenants could result in a default.  In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, and could cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets.  We cannot provide any assurance that the holders of such indebtedness would waive a default or that we could pay the indebtedness in full if it were accelerated. 
  Subject to compliance with certain covenants under our credit facility and the indenture governing the 6.000% Senior Notes, we may incur additional debt in the future.  If we incur additional debt, the risks described above could intensify. 
  Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (NRSROs) could adversely affect our cost of financing and the market price of our 6.000% Senior Notes. 
  NRSROs rate the 6.000% Senior Notes and the Company based on factors that include our operating results, actions that we take, their view of the general outlook for our industry and their view of the general outlook for the economy.  Actions taken by the NRSROs can include maintaining, upgrading or downgrading the current rating or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading.  Downgrading the credit rating of the 6.000% Senior Notes or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading could increase our cost of financing, limit our access to the capital markets and have an adverse effect on the market price of the 6.000% Senior Notes. 
  Our postretirement-related costs and funding requirements could increase as a result of volatility in the financial markets, changes in interest rates and actuarial assumptions. 
  We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans associated with our U.S. and international businesses, as well as a postretirement medical plan in the United States for certain retired associates and their dependents.  The performance of the financial markets and changes in interest rates impact the funded status of these plans and cause volatility in our postretirement-related costs and future funding requirements.  If the financial markets do not provide the expected long-term returns on invested assets, we could be required to make significant pension contributions.  Additionally, changes in interest rates and legislation enacted by governmental authorities can impact the timing and amounts of contribution requirements. 
  We utilize third-party actuaries to evaluate assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.  In the event we determine that our assumptions should be revised, such as the discount rate, the expected long-term rate or expected return on assets, our future pension and postretirement benefit expenses could increase or decrease.  The assumptions we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement liabilities and related costs and funding requirements. 
  Our international operations make us susceptible to the costs and risks associated with operating internationally. 
  We currently operate manufacturing, sales and service facilities outside of the United States, particularly in Canada, France, the United Kingdom and Germany.  In   fiscal 2016  , sales outside of the United States accounted for   18%   of our total net sales.  Accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with operating in foreign countries, including: 
             
    fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
                
    limitations on the remittance of dividends and other payments by foreign subsidiaries; 
     
   13 

additional costs of compliance with local regulations; 
                
    historically, in certain countries, higher rates of inflation than in the United States; 
                
    changes in the economic conditions or consumer preferences or demand for our products in these markets; 
                
    restrictive actions by multi-national governing bodies, foreign governments or subdivisions thereof; 
                
    changes in foreign labor laws and regulations affecting our ability to hire and retain employees; 
                
    changes in U.S. and foreign laws regarding trade and investment; 
                
    less robust protection of our intellectual property under foreign laws; and 
                
    difficulty in obtaining distribution and support for our products. 
     In addition, our operations outside the United States are subject to the risk of new and different legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing local operations and potentially adverse tax consequences.  The costs associated with operating our international business could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in the future. 
  Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flows. 
  We are subject to income and other taxes in the United States federal jurisdiction and various local, state and foreign jurisdictions.  Our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets (such as net operating losses and tax credits) and liabilities, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process.  In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly related to our operations in the United States, is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income of the appropriate character in the relevant jurisdiction. 
  From time to time, tax proposals are introduced or considered by the U.S. Congress or the legislative bodies in local, state and foreign jurisdictions that could also affect our tax rate, the carrying value of our deferred tax assets, or our tax liabilities.  Our tax liabilities are also affected by the amounts we charge for inventory, services, licenses, funding and other items in intercompany transactions.  We are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions.  In connection with these audits (or future audits), tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters and assess additional taxes.  We regularly assess the likely outcomes of our audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision.  As a result, the ultimate resolution of our tax audits, changes in tax laws or tax rates, and the ability to utilize our deferred tax assets could materially affect our tax provision, net income and cash flows in future periods. 
  Our operations may be impaired if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately or if we are the subject of a data breach or cyber attack.  
  We rely on information technology systems in order to conduct business, including communicating with employees and our key retail customers, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, shipping products to retail customers and analyzing and reporting results of operations.  While we have taken steps to ensure the security of our information technology systems, our systems may nevertheless be vulnerable to computer viruses, security breaches and other disruptions from unauthorized users.  If our information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly for an extended period of time, whether as a result of a significant cyber incident or otherwise, our ability to communicate internally as well as with our retail customers could be significantly impaired, which may adversely impact our business.  Additionally, an operational failure or breach of security from increasingly sophisticated cyber threats could lead to the loss or disclosure of both our and our retail customers  financial, product, and other confidential information, as well as personally identifiable information about our employees or customers, result in regulatory or other legal proceedings, and have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. 
  We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights that are material to our business. 
  Our ability to compete effectively depends in part on our rights to service marks, trademarks, tradenames and other intellectual property rights we own or license, particularly our registered brand names and issued patents.  We have not sought to register every one of our marks either in the United States or in every country in which such mark is used.  Furthermore, because of the differences in foreign trademark, patent and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws, we may not receive the same  
  
   14 

protection in other countries as we would in the United States with respect to the registered brand names and issued patents we hold.  If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, proprietary information and/or brand names, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary information, or to defend against claims by third parties that our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights.  Any litigation or claims brought by or against us could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources.  A successful claim of trademark, patent or other intellectual property infringement against us, or any other successful challenge to the use of our intellectual property, could subject us to damages or prevent us from providing certain products or services, or providing certain products or services under our recognized brand names, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  In the event of termination of the Marketing Agreement for consumer Roundup        products, we would lose a substantial source of future earnings and overhead expense absorption. 
  If we were to (i) become insolvent, (ii) commit a material breach, material fraud or material misconduct under the Marketing Agreement, (iii) undergo certain events resulting in a change of control of the Company, or (iv) impermissibly assign or delegate our rights under the Marketing Agreement, Monsanto may have the right to terminate the Marketing Agreement without paying a termination fee.  Monsanto may also be able to terminate the Marketing Agreement in the event of a change of control of Monsanto or a sale of the Roundup        business, but would have to pay a termination fee to the Company.  In the event the Marketing Agreement terminates, we would lose all, or a substantial portion, of the significant source of earnings and overhead expense absorption the Marketing Agreement provides. 
  For additional information regarding the Marketing Agreement, see  NOTE 6.  MARKETING AGREEMENT  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Hagedorn Partnership, L.P. beneficially owns approximately   26%   of our Common Shares and can significantly influence decisions that require the approval of shareholders. 
  Hagedorn Partnership, L.P. beneficially owned approximately   26%   of our outstanding Common Shares on a fully diluted basis as of   November 18, 2016  .  As a result, it has sufficient voting power to significantly influence the election of directors and the approval of other actions requiring the approval of our shareholders, including the entering into of certain business combination transactions.  In addition, because of the percentage of ownership and voting concentration in Hagedorn Partnership, L.P., elections of our board of directors will generally be within the control of Hagedorn Partnership, L.P.  While all of our shareholders are entitled to vote on matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, the concentration of our Common Shares and voting control presently lies with Hagedorn Partnership, L.P.  As such, it would be difficult for shareholders to propose and have approved proposals not supported by Hagedorn Partnership, L.P.  Hagedorn Partnership, L.P. s interests could differ from, or be in conflict with, the interests of other shareholders. 
  While we have, over the past few years, increased the rate of cash dividends on, and engaged in repurchases of, our Common Shares, any future decisions to reduce or discontinue paying cash dividends to our shareholders or repurchasing our Common Shares pursuant to our previously announced repurchase program could cause the market price for our Common Shares to decline. 
  Our payment of quarterly cash dividends on and repurchase of our Common Shares pursuant to our stock repurchase program are subject to, among other things, our financial position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital requirements, and other factors.  We have, over the past few years, increased the rate of cash dividends on, and repurchases of, our Common Shares.  In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we increased the amount of our quarterly cash dividend by 6% to $0.50 per share and increased the current share repurchase authorization by $500 million.  The total remaining share repurchase authorization as of September 30, 2016 is   $854.3 million  . 
  We may further increase or decrease the rate of cash dividends on, and the amount of repurchases of, our Common Shares in the future.  Any reduction or discontinuance by us of the payment of quarterly cash dividends or repurchases of our Common Shares pursuant to our current share repurchase authorization program could cause the market price of our Common Shares to decline.  Moreover, in the event our payment of quarterly cash dividends on or repurchases of our Common Shares are reduced or discontinued, our failure or inability to resume paying cash dividends or repurchasing Common Shares at historical levels could result in a lower market valuation of our Common Shares. 
  
   15 

Acquisitions, other strategic alliances and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
  Acquisitions are an important element of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital, and these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations.  We expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions.  The process of integrating an acquired company, business, or product has created, and will continue to create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures.  The areas where we face risks include: 

Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges. 

Failure to successfully further develop the acquired business or product lines. 

Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company. 

Integration of the acquired company s accounting, human resources and other administrative systems, and coordination of product, engineering and sales and marketing functions. 

Transition of operations, users and customers onto our existing platforms. 

Reliance on the expertise of our strategic partners with respect to market development, sales, local regulatory compliance and other operational matters. 

Failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions placed upon approval, under competition and antitrust laws which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of an acquisition. 

In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention of employees from the businesses we acquire. 

Liability for or reputational harm from activities of the acquired company before the acquisition or from our strategic partners, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities. 

Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former shareholders or other third parties. 
     Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and investments or strategic alliances could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, investments or alliances, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. 
  Our acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill and purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any of which could harm our financial condition or results of operations and cash flows.  Also, the anticipated benefits of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. 
  A failure to dispose of assets or businesses in a timely manner may cause the results of the Company to suffer.  
  The Company evaluates as necessary the potential disposition of assets and businesses that may no longer help it meet its objectives.  When the Company decides to sell assets or a business, it may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of its strategic objectives.  Alternatively, the Company may dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less than it had anticipated.  After reaching an agreement with a buyer or seller for the disposition of a business, the Company is subject to the satisfaction of pre-closing conditions, which may prevent the Company from completing the transaction.  Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in the divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations.  Under these arrangements, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside the Company s control could affect its future financial results. 
  
   16 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and, while we cannot predict the outcomes of such proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  We are involved in legal proceedings and are subject to investigations, inspections, audits, inquiries and similar actions by governmental authorities, arising in the course of our business (see the discussion of Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).  Legal proceedings, in general, can be expensive and disruptive.  Some of these suits may purport or may be determined to be class actions and/or involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years.  For example, product liability claims challenging the safety of our products may also result in a decline in sales for a particular product and could damage the reputation or the value of related brands.  
  From time to time, the Company is also involved in legal proceedings as a plaintiff involving contract, intellectual property and other matters.  We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies, and the costs incurred in litigation can be substantial, regardless of the outcome.  Substantial unanticipated verdicts, fines and rulings do sometimes occur.  As a result, we could from time to time incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the amounts are accrued and/or our cash flows in the period in which the amounts are paid.  The outcome of some of these legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations and, depending on the nature of the allegations, could negatively impact our reputation.  Additionally, defending against these legal proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources. 

ITEM 1B. 
    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
     None. 

ITEM 2. 
    PROPERTIES 
     Our corporate headquarters are located in Marysville, Ohio, where we own approximately 706 acres of land and lease approximately 24 acres of land.  We lease property in Ecully, France which serves as the headquarters of our European operations.  In addition, we own and lease numerous industrial, commercial and office properties located in North America, Europe, Australia and Asia that support the management, manufacturing, distribution and research and development of our products and services.  We believe our properties are suitable and adequate to serve the needs of our business and that our leased properties are subject to appropriate lease agreements. 
  The Company has 52 owned properties and 97 leased properties.  These properties are located in the following countries: 

(1) -  Rest of world  includes Australia, Austria, Belgium, China, Germany, Mexico, the Netherlands, Norway and Poland 
  We own or lease 72 manufacturing properties, four distribution properties and two research and development properties in the United States.  We own or lease nine manufacturing properties in the United Kingdom, twenty manufacturing properties in Canada, two manufacturing properties in France, two manufacturing properties in Australia, one manufacturing property in the Netherlands, and one manufacturing property in China.  We also lease one distribution property and own one research and development property in the United Kingdom, lease one distribution property in Mexico, lease one research and development property in Canada, and lease one research and development property in France.  Most of the manufacturing properties, which include growing media properties and peat harvesting properties, have production lines, warehouses, offices and field processing areas.   

17 

ITEM 3.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  As noted in the discussion in  ITEM 1.  BUSINESS   Regulatory Considerations     Regulatory Matters    of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are involved in several pending environmental and regulatory matters.  We believe that our assessment of contingencies is reasonable and that the related reserves, in the aggregate, are adequate; however, there can be no assurance that the final resolution of these matters will not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  We have been named as a defendant in a number of cases alleging injuries that the lawsuits claim resulted from exposure to asbestos-containing products, apparently based on our historic use of vermiculite in certain of our products.  In many of these cases, the complaints are not specific about the plaintiffs  contacts with us or our products.  The cases vary, but complaints in these cases generally seek unspecified monetary damages (actual, compensatory, consequential and punitive) from multiple defendants.  We believe that the claims against us are without merit and are vigorously defending against them.  It is not currently possible to reasonably estimate a probable loss, if any, associated with the cases and, accordingly, no reserves have been recorded in our consolidated financial statements.  We are reviewing agreements and policies that may provide insurance coverage or indemnity as to these claims and are pursuing coverage under some of these agreements and policies, although there can be no assurance of the results of these efforts.  There can be no assurance that these cases, whether as a result of adverse outcomes or as a result of significant defense costs, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  In connection with the sale of wild bird food products that were the subject of a voluntary recall in 2008, we, along with our Chief Executive Officer, have been named as defendants in four putative class actions filed on and after June 27, 2012, which have now been consolidated in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California as   In re Morning Song Bird Food Litigation  , Lead Case No. 3:12-cv-01592-JAH-RBB.  The plaintiffs allege various statutory and common law claims associated with the Company s sale of wild bird food products and a plea agreement entered into in previously pending government proceedings associated with such sales.  The plaintiffs allege, among other things, a purported class action on behalf of all persons and entities in the United States who purchased certain bird food products.  The plaintiffs assert hundreds of millions of dollars in monetary damages (actual, compensatory, consequential, and restitution), punitive and treble damages; injunctive and declaratory relief; pre-judgment and post-judgment interest; and costs and attorneys  fees.  The Company and our Chief Executive Officer dispute the plaintiffs  assertions and intend to vigorously defend the consolidated action.  At this point in the proceedings, it is not currently possible to reasonably estimate a probable loss, if any, associated with the action and, accordingly, no reserves have been recorded in our consolidated financial statements with respect to the action.  There can be no assurance that this action, whether as a result of an adverse outcome or as a result of significant defense costs, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  We are involved in other lawsuits and claims which arise in the normal course of our business.  In our opinion, these claims individually and in the aggregate are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
  Not Applicable. 

SUPPLEMENTAL ITEM.    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 
  The executive officers of Scotts Miracle-Gro, their positions and, as of   November 18, 2016  , their ages and years with Scotts Miracle-Gro (and its predecessors) are set forth below.    
                               Name 
      
    Age 
      
    Position(s) Held 
      
    Years with 
  Company 
      James Hagedorn 
      
    61 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
      
    29 
      
      Michael C. Lukemire 
      
    58 

President and Chief Operating Officer 
      
    20 
      
      Thomas R. Coleman 
      
    47 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      
    17 
      
      Ivan C. Smith 
      
    47 

Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
      
    13 
      
      Denise S. Stump 

62 

Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources and Chief Ethics Officer 
      
    16 

Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors of Scotts Miracle-Gro and pursuant to executive severance agreements or other arrangements. 
  
   18 

The business experience of each of the individuals listed above during at least the past five years is as follows: 
  Mr. Hagedorn   was named Chairman of the Board of Scotts Miracle-Gro s predecessor in January 2003 and Chief Executive Officer of Scotts Miracle-Gro s predecessor in May 2001.  He also served as President of Scotts Miracle-Gro (or its predecessor) from October 2015 until February 2016, from November 2006 until October 2008 and from April 2000 until December 2005.  Mr. Hagedorn serves on Scotts Miracle-Gro s Board of Directors, a position he has held with Scotts Miracle-Gro (or its predecessor) since 1995.  Mr. Hagedorn is the brother of Katherine Hagedorn Littlefield, a director of Scotts Miracle-Gro. 
  Mr. Lukemire   was named President and Chief Operating Officer of Scotts Miracle-Gro in February 2016.  He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Scotts Miracle-Gro from December 2014 until February 2016.  Prior to this appointment, Mr. Lukemire had served as Executive Vice President, North American Operations of Scotts Miracle-Gro from April 2014 until December 2014, as Executive Vice President, Business Execution of Scotts Miracle-Gro from May 2013 until April 2014 and as President, U.S. Consumer Regions of Scotts Miracle-Gro from October 2011 until May 2013.  Prior to October 2011, he had served as Regional President for the Southeast region since May 2009.  
  Mr. Coleman   was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Scotts Miracle-Gro in April 2014.  Prior to this appointment, Mr. Coleman had served as Senior Vice President, Global Finance Operations and Enterprise Performance Management Analytics for The Scotts Company LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Scotts Miracle-Gro, since January 2011.  Previously, Mr. Coleman served as Senior Vice President, North America Finance of Scotts LLC from November 2007 until January 2011.  Mr. Coleman also previously served as interim principal financial officer of Scotts Miracle-Gro between February 2013 and March 2013. 
  Mr. Smith   was named     Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Scotts Miracle-Gro in July 2013 and Chief Compliance Officer of Scotts Miracle-Gro in October 2013.  Prior to July 2013, he had served as Vice President, Global Consumer Legal and Assistant General Counsel of Scotts LLC since October 2011.  Mr. Smith served as Vice President, North America Legal and Assistant General Counsel from April 2009 to September 2011 and as Vice President, Litigation of Scotts LLC from October 2007 to March 2009.   
  Ms. Stump   was named Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources of Scotts Miracle-Gro (or its predecessor) in February 2003 and Chief Ethics Officer of Scotts Miracle-Gro in October 2013. 
  
   19 

PART II 
   
           ITEM 5. 
    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
     The Common Shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol  SMG.   The quarterly high and low sale prices for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   were as follows: 

On August 11, 2014, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors had increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.45 per Common Share, which was paid in September of fiscal 2014 and December, March and June of fiscal 2015.  On August 3, 2015, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors had increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.47 per Common Share, which was paid in September of fiscal 2015 and December, March and June of fiscal 2016.  On August 3, 2016, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors had further increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.50 per Common Share, which was paid in September of fiscal 2016.  
    
  The payment of future dividends, if any, on the Common Shares will be determined by the Board of Directors in light of conditions then existing, including the Company s earnings, financial condition and capital requirements, restrictions in financing agreements, business conditions and other factors.    The new credit agreement allows the Company to make unlimited restricted payments (as defined in the new credit agreement), including increased or one-time dividend payments and Common Share repurchases, as long as the leverage ratio resulting from the making of such restricted payments is 4.00 or less.    Otherwise the Company may only make restricted payments in an aggregate amount for each fiscal year not to exceed the amount set forth for such fiscal year (  $175.0 million   for fiscal 2017 and   $200.0 million   for fiscal 2018 and in each fiscal year thereafter).  Our leverage ratio was   3.10   at   September 30, 2016  .  See  NOTE 11.  DEBT  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding the restrictions on dividend payments. 
  As of   November 18, 2016  , there were approximately 52,000 shareholders, including holders of record and our estimate of beneficial holders. 
    
  On March 30, 2015, Scotts Miracle-Gro issued 154,737 Common Shares out of its treasury shares for payment of the acquisition of Vermicrop.  The Common Shares were issued in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 as a private offering.  The issuance did not involve a public offering, and was made without general solicitation or advertising.  
  
   20 

The following table shows the purchases of Common Shares made by or on behalf of Scotts Miracle-Gro or any  affiliated purchaser  (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of Scotts Miracle-Gro for each of the three fiscal months in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    All of the Common Shares purchased during the quarter were purchased in open market transactions.  The total number of Common Shares purchased during the quarter includes 4,516 Common Shares purchased by the trustee of the rabbi trust established by the Company as permitted pursuant to the terms of The Scotts Company LLC Executive Retirement Plan (the  ERP ).  The ERP is an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan which, among other things, provides eligible employees the opportunity to defer compensation above specified statutory limits applicable to The Scotts Company LLC Retirement Savings Plan and with respect to any Executive Management Incentive Pay (as defined in the ERP), Performance Award (as defined in the ERP) or other bonus awarded to such eligible employees.  Pursuant to the terms of the ERP, each eligible employee has the right to elect an investment fund, including a fund consisting of Common Shares (the  Scotts Miracle-Gro Common Stock Fund ), against which amounts allocated to such employee s account under the ERP, including employer contributions, will be benchmarked (all ERP accounts are bookkeeping accounts only and do not represent a claim against specific assets of the Company).  Amounts allocated to employee accounts under the ERP represent deferred compensation obligations of the Company.  The Company established the rabbi trust in order to assist the Company in discharging such deferred compensation obligations.  When an eligible employee elects to benchmark some or all of the amounts allocated to such employee s account against the Scotts Miracle-Gro Common Stock Fund, the trustee of the rabbi trust purchases the number of Common Shares equivalent to the amount so benchmarked.  All Common Shares purchased by the trustee are purchased on the open market and are held in the rabbi trust until such time as they are distributed pursuant to the terms of the ERP.  All assets of the rabbi trust, including any Common Shares purchased by the trustee, remain, at all times, assets of the Company, subject to the claims of its creditors.  The terms of the ERP do not provide for a specified limit on the number of Common Shares that may be purchased by the trustee of the rabbi trust. 
              (2) 
    The average price paid per Common Share is calculated on a settlement basis and includes commissions. 
              (3) 
    On August 11, 2014, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of Common Shares over a five-year period (effective November 1, 2014 through September 30, 2019).  On August 3, 2016, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors increased the then outstanding authorization by an additional $500 million.  The amended authorization allows for repurchases of Common Shares of $1.0 billion through September 30, 2019.  The dollar amounts in the  Approximate Dollar Value of Common Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs  column reflect the remaining amounts that were available for repurchase under the original $500 million and incremental $500 million authorized repurchase programs. 
     
   21 

ITEM 6. 
    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
     Five-Year Summary   (1)     

22 

(1) 
    In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, the Company completed the wind down of its professional seed business ( Pro Seed ).  As a result, effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, we classified Pro Seed as a discontinued operation in accordance with GAAP. 
     In the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we completed the sale of our wild bird food business.  As a result, effective in our second quarter of fiscal 2014, we classified the wild bird food business as a discontinued operation in accordance with GAAP. 
  On April 13, 2016, the Company completed the contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture in exchange for a minority equity interest of 30%.  As a result, effective in its second quarter of fiscal 2016, we classified the SLS Business as a discontinued operation in accordance with GAAP.  
  The Selected Financial Data has been retrospectively updated to recast Pro Seed, the wild bird food business and the SLS Business as discontinued operations for each period presented. 
           (2) 
    The Five-Year Summary includes non-GAAP financial measures, as defined in Item 10(e) of SEC Regulation S-K, which are included as additional supplemental information, of adjusted net income from operations, adjusted net income from continuing operations, adjusted net income attributable to controlling interest from continuing operations and adjusted diluted earnings per Common Share from continuing operations ( Adjusted Earnings ), which exclude costs or gains related to discrete projects or transactions. Items excluded during the five-year period ended   September 30, 2016   consisted of charges or credits relating to impairments, restructurings, product registration and recall matters, discontinued operations and other unusual items such as costs or gains related to discrete projects or transactions that are apart from and not indicative of the results of the operations of the business.  Adjusted Earnings also exclude charges or credits relating to transaction related costs, restructurings and other discrete projects or transactions including a non-cash fair value write down adjustment related to deferred revenue and advertising as part of the transaction accounting that are apart from and not indicative of the results of the operations of the TruGreen Joint Venture.  The comparable GAAP measures are reported income from operations, reported income from continuing operations and reported diluted earnings per share from continuing operations.   
     The Five-Year Summary also includes non-GAAP financial measures, as defined in Item 10(e) of SEC Regulation S-K, which are included as additional supplemental information, of Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings and Pro Forma Adjusted Earnings per Common Share.    These   measures are calculated as net income attributable to controlling interest, excluding charges or credits relating to impairments, restructurings, product registration and recall matters and other unusual items such as costs or gains related to discrete projects or transactions that are apart from and not indicative of the results of the operations of the business.  These measures also include income (loss) from discontinued operations related to the SLS Business; however, exclude the gain on the contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture.  The comparable GAAP measures are reported income from operations, reported income from continuing operations and reported diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. 
  In addition to our GAAP measures, we use these non-GAAP measures to manage the business because we believe that these measures provide additional perspective on and, in some circumstances are more closely correlated to, the performance of our underlying, ongoing business.  We believe that disclosure of these non-GAAP financial measures therefore provides useful supplemental information to investors or other users of the financial statements, such as lenders.  Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the Company s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP.  A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is presented in the following table: 
  
   23 

The sum of the components may not equal the total due to rounding. 
    
           (3) 
    Working capital is calculated as current assets minus current liabilities.  Current ratio is calculated as current assets divided by current liabilities.  
              (4) 
    The total debt to total book capitalization percentage is calculated by dividing total debt by total debt plus total equity     controlling interest. 
              (5) 
    Scotts Miracle-Gro pays a quarterly dividend to the holders of its Common Shares.  On August 8, 2011, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors had increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.30 per Common Share, which was first paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011.  On August 9, 2012, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors had increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.325 per Common Share, which was first paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012.  On August 6, 2013, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors had increased the  
     
   24 

quarterly cash dividend to $0.4375 per Common Share, which was first paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013.  On August 11, 2014, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors had (i) further increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.45 per Common Share, which was first paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 and (ii) declared a special one-time cash dividend of $2.00 per Common Share, which was paid on September 17, 2014.  On August 3, 2015, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors had further increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.47 per Common Share, which was first paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.  On August 3, 2016, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors had further increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.50 per Common Share, which was paid in September 2016.  
           (6) 
    We view our credit facility as material to our ability to fund operations, particularly in light of our seasonality.  Please refer to  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS   Our indebtedness could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of the risks associated with our debt and our credit facility and the restrictive covenants therein.  Our ability to generate cash flows sufficient to cover our debt service costs is essential to our ability to maintain our borrowing capacity.  We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides additional information for determining our ability to meet debt service requirements.  The presentation of Adjusted EBITDA herein is intended to be consistent with the calculation of that measure as required by our borrowing agreements, and used to calculate a leverage ratio (maximum of   4.50   at   September 30, 2016  ) and an interest coverage ratio (minimum of   3.00   for the twelve months ended   September 30, 2016  ).  Leverage ratio is calculated as average total indebtedness, as described in our credit facility, divided by Adjusted EBITDA.  Interest coverage ratio is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by interest expense, as described in our credit facility, and excludes costs related to refinancings.  Our leverage ratio was   3.10   at   September 30, 2016   and our interest coverage ratio was   7.88   for the twelve months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Please refer to  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   Liquidity and Capital Resources     Borrowing Agreements    of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of our credit facility. 
     In accordance with the terms of our credit facility, Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as net income (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization as well as certain other items such as the impact of the cumulative effect of changes in accounting, costs associated with debt refinancing and other non-recurring or non-cash items affecting net income.  For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company changed its calculation of Adjusted EBITDA to reflect the measure as defined in our fourth amended credit agreement.  Prior periods have not been adjusted as they reflect the presentation consistent with the calculation as required by our borrowing agreements in place at that time.  The revised calculation adds adjustments for share-based compensation expense, expense on certain leases, and impairment, restructuring and other charges (including cash and non-cash charges) and no longer includes an adjustment for mark-to-market adjustments on derivatives.  Our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA does not represent and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or cash flows from operating activities as determined by GAAP.  We make no representation or assertion that Adjusted EBITDA is indicative of our cash flows from operating activities or results of operations.  We have provided a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to income from continuing operations solely for the purpose of complying with SEC regulations and not as an indication that Adjusted EBITDA is a substitute measure for income from continuing operations. 
  
   25 

A numeric reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to income from continuing operations is as follows: 

(7) 
    Amount represents a gain on our investment in AeroGrow recognized during the fourth quarter of 2014 as a result of our consolidation of the business.  Excluded from this amount is $2.4 million of earnings on AeroGrow s unconsolidated results for fiscal year 2014 recorded within  Other income, net  in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

26 

ITEM 7. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     The purpose of this discussion is to provide an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year-to-year.  Management s Discussion and Analysis ( MD A ) is divided into the following sections: 
             
    Executive summary 
                
    Results of operations 
                
    Segment results 
                
    Liquidity and capital resources 
                
    Regulatory matters 
                
    Critical accounting policies and estimates 
     Executive Summary 
  We are dedicated to delivering strong, long-term financial results and outstanding shareholder returns by providing products of superior quality and value to enhance consumers  lawn and garden environments.  We are a leading manufacturer and marketer of consumer branded products for lawn and garden care in North America and Europe.  We are Monsanto s exclusive agent for the marketing and distribution of consumer Roundup        non-selective herbicide products within the United States and other contractually specified countries.  We have a presence in similar consumer branded product categories in Australia, the Far East and Latin America.  In addition, as a result of our recent acquisitions of General Hydroponics, Vermicrop, Gavita and our control of AeroGrow, we are a leading producer of liquid plant food products, growing media, indoor lighting, advanced indoor garden systems and accessories for hydroponic gardening.  Our operations are divided into three reportable segments: U.S. Consumer, Europe Consumer and Other.  These segments differ from those used in prior years due to the change in our internal organizational structure associated with Project Focus, which is a series of initiatives announced in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 designed to maximize the value of our non-core assets and concentrate our focus on emerging categories of the lawn and garden industry in our core U.S. business.  
  On April 13, 2016, as part of Project Focus, we, pursuant to the terms of the Contribution and Distribution Agreement (the  Contribution Agreement ) between the Company and TruGreen Holding Corporation ( TruGreen Holdings ) completed the contribution of the Scotts LawnService        business (the  SLS Business ) to a newly formed subsidiary of TruGreen Holdings (the  TruGreen Joint Venture ) in exchange for a minority equity interest of approximately   30%   in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  The fair value of this interest was estimated to be   $294.0 million  , resulting in a pre-tax gain of   $131.2 million  .  As a result of this transaction, effective in our second quarter of fiscal 2016, we classified our results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities of the SLS Business as held for sale.  Prior to being reported as a discontinued operation, the SLS Business was referred to as our former Scotts LawnService        business segment.  At closing, the TruGreen Joint Venture obtained debt financing and, pursuant to the terms of the Contribution and Distribution Agreement, we received a pro rata cash distribution of $196.2 million, partially offset by an investment of $18.0 million in second lien term loan financing provided by us to the TruGreen Joint Venture and closing working capital adjustments.  
  As a leading consumer branded lawn and garden company, our product development and marketing efforts are largely focused on providing innovative and differentiated products and continually increasing brand and product awareness to inspire consumers and to create retail demand.  We have implemented this model for a number of years by focusing on research and development and investing approximately 5% of our annual net sales in advertising to support and promote our products and brands.  We continually explore new and innovative ways to communicate with consumers.  We believe that we receive a significant benefit from these expenditures and anticipate a similar commitment to research and development, advertising and marketing investments in the future, with the continuing objective of driving category growth and profitably increasing market share. 
  Our net sales in any one year are susceptible to weather conditions in the markets in which our products are sold and our services are offered.  For instance, periods of abnormally wet or dry weather can adversely impact the sale of certain products, while increasing demand for other products, or delay the timing of our provision of certain services.  We believe that our diversified product line and our broad geographic diversification reduce this risk, although to a lesser extent in a year in which unfavorable weather is geographically widespread and extends across a significant portion of the lawn and garden season.  We also believe that weather conditions in any one year, positive or negative, do not materially impact longer-term category growth trends. 
  
   27 

Due to the seasonal nature of the lawn and garden business, significant portions of our products ship to our retail customers during our second and third fiscal quarters, as noted in the chart below.  Our annual net sales are further concentrated in the second and third fiscal quarters by retailers who rely on our ability to deliver products closer to when consumers buy our products, thereby reducing retailers  pre-season inventories. 

The Company follows a 13-week quarterly accounting cycle pursuant to which the first three fiscal quarters end on a Saturday and the fiscal year always ends on September 30.  This fiscal calendar convention requires the Company to cycle forward the first three fiscal quarter ends every six years.  Fiscal 2016 is the most recent year impacted by this process and, as a result, the first quarter of fiscal 2016 had six additional days and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 had five fewer days compared to the corresponding quarters of fiscal 2015.  
  Management focuses on a variety of key indicators and operating metrics to monitor the financial condition and performance of the continuing operations of our business.  These metrics include consumer purchases (point-of-sale data), market share, category growth, net sales (including unit volume, pricing, and foreign exchange movements), gross profit margins, advertising to net sales ratios, income from operations, income from continuing operations, net income and earnings per share.  To the extent applicable, these measures are evaluated with and without impairment, restructuring and other charges, which management believes are not indicative of the earnings capabilities of our businesses.  We also focus on measures to optimize cash flow and return on invested capital, including the management of working capital and capital expenditures. 
  In August 2010, the Scotts Miracle-Gro Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to   $500 million   of Common Shares over a   four  -year period ending on September 30, 2014.  In May 2011, the Scotts Miracle-Gro Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional   $200 million   of  our Common Shares, resulting in authority to repurchase a total of up to   $700 million   of Common Shares through September 30, 2014.  From the inception of this share repurchase program in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 through its expiration on September 30, 2014, Scotts Miracle-Gro repurchased   9.9 million   Common Shares for   $521.2 million   to be held in treasury.  Common Shares held in treasury totaling   0.6 million   and   0.9 million   were reissued in support of share-based compensation awards and employee purchases under the employee stock purchase plan during   fiscal 2016   and   fiscal 2015  , respectively.  
  In August 2014, the Scotts Miracle-Gro Board of Directors declared a special one-time cash dividend of   $2.00   per Common Share that was paid on September 17, 2014. 
    
  In August 2014, the Scotts Miracle-Gro Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to   $500.0 million   of Common Shares over a five-year period (starting November 1, 2014 through September 30, 2019).  On August 3, 2016, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors authorized a   $500.0 million   increase to the share repurchase authorization ending on September 30, 2019.  The amended authorization allows for repurchases of Common Shares of $1.0 billion through September 30, 2019.  From the inception of this share repurchase program in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 through   September 30, 2016  , Scotts Miracle-Gro repurchased approximately   2.1 million   Common Shares for   $145.7 million  . 
  On August 3, 2016, we announced that the Scotts Miracle-Gro Board of Directors approved an increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $0.47 to $0.50 per Common Share.  

Results of Operations 
  Effective in our second quarter of fiscal 2016, we classified our results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation.  Effective in the second quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company classified its results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the wild bird food business as a discontinued operation.  As a result, and unless specifically stated, all discussions regarding results for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   reflect results from our continuing operations. 
  
   28 

The following table sets forth the components of income and expense as a percentage of net sales: 

Net Sales 
  Net sales for   fiscal 2016     increased     4.0%   to   $2.84 billion   from   $2.73 billion   in   fiscal 2015  .  Net sales for   fiscal 2015   increased   5.8%   from   $2.58 billion   in   fiscal 2014  .  The change in net sales was attributable to the following: 

The increase in net sales for   fiscal 2016   was primarily driven by: 
             
    the addition of net sales from acquisitions within our Other segment, primarily from General Hydroponics, Vermicrop, Gavita and a Canadian growing media operation;  
                
    increased sales volume in our Other segment, driven by increased sales of hydroponic gardening products; 
                
    the impact of our amended Marketing Agreement for consumer Roundup       ; and 
                
    a favorable impact of increased pricing in the U.S. Consumer segment; 
                
    partially offset by the prior year exit from the U.K. Solus business resulting in a decrease in net sales of $18.1 million in our Europe Consumer segment; and 
                
    the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies including the Canadian dollar, euro and British pound.  
     The increase in net sales for   fiscal 2015   was primarily driven by: 
             
    the addition of net sales from acquisitions within our Other segment including General Hydroponics, Vermicrop, AeroGrow, and Fafard; and 
                
    increased sales volume in our U.S. Consumer segment, driven by increased sales of controls, including increased sales of Tomcat        products, as well as growing media and cleaners products;  
     
   29 

which were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies including Canadian dollar, euro, and British pound; and 
                
    an unfavorable impact of decreased pricing in the U.S. Consumer segment related to controls products. 
     Cost of Sales 
  The following table shows the major components of cost of sales: 

Factors contributing to the change in cost of sales are outlined in the following table: 

The increase in cost of sales for   fiscal 2016   was primarily driven by:    
             
    costs related to increased sales in our U.S. Consumer and Other segments; 
                
    costs related to sales from acquisitions within our Other segment of $54.2 million, primarily from General Hydroponics, Vermicrop, Gavita and a Canadian growing media operation;  
                
    an increase in net sales attributable to reimbursements under our Marketing Agreement for consumer Roundup       ; and 
                
    an increase in other charges of   $1.1 million   primarily related to addressing the consumer complaints regarding our reformulated Bonus        S product sold during fiscal 2015; 
                
    partially offset by lower material costs in our U.S. Consumer segment driven by lower commodity costs primarily related to fertilizer inputs and resin; 
                
    lower distribution costs within our U.S. Consumer segment due to savings from lower fuel prices and reduced costs from efficiencies in our growing media business; and 
                
    the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates as a result of a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies including the Canadian dollar, euro and British pound. 
     The increase in cost of sales for   fiscal 2015   was primarily driven by:    
             
    costs related to sales from acquisitions of $96.2 million within our U.S. Consumer, Europe Consumer and Other segments; 
                
    increased sales volume and unfavorable product mix due to increased sales of growing media products in our U.S. Consumer segment;  
                
    increased material costs within our U.S. Consumer segment for our grass seed and growing media products; and 
     
   30 

restructuring and liquidation costs of   $6.6 million   primarily related to the liquidation and exit from the U.K. Solus business and addressing the consumer complaints regarding our newly reformulated Bonus        S product; 
                
    which were partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates as a result of a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies including Canadian dollar, euro, and British pound. 
     Gross Profit 
  As a percentage of net sales, our gross profit rate was   35.1%  ,   33.3%   and   34.5%   for   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively.  Factors contributing to the change in gross profit rate are outlined in the following table: 

The increase in the gross profit rate for   fiscal 2016   was primarily driven by:    
             
    lower material costs in our U.S. Consumer segment driven by lower commodity costs primarily related to fertilizer inputs and resin;   
                
    lower distribution costs within our U.S. Consumer segment due to savings from lower fuel prices and reduced costs from efficiencies in our growing media business; 
                
    an increase in net sales attributable to our Marketing Agreement for consumer Roundup       ; 
                
    a favorable impact of increased pricing in the U.S. Consumer segment; and 
                
    a favorable net impact from acquisitions, primarily from General Hydroponics and Vermicrop within our Other segment; 
                
    partially offset by other charges of   $7.7 million   primarily related to addressing the consumer complaints regarding our reformulated Bonus        S product sold during fiscal 2015. 
     The decrease in the gross profit rate for   fiscal 2015   was primarily driven by: 
             
    unfavorable product mix within our U.S. Consumer segment due to increased sales of growing media and the net impact of acquisitions; 
                
    the unfavorable impact of decreased pricing within our U.S. Consumer segment related to controls products; and 
                
    increased material costs within our U.S. Consumer segment for our grass seed and growing media products;  
                
    partially offset by increased commission income under our Marketing Agreement for consumer Roundup       . 
     
   31 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  The following table sets forth the components of selling, general and administrative expenses ( SG A ): 

SG A   increased     $25.7 million  , or   4.5%  , during   fiscal 2016   compared to   fiscal 2015  .  Share-based compensation expense   increased     $2.4 million  , or   18.2%  , to   $15.6 million   in   fiscal 2016   compared to   $13.2 million   in   fiscal 2015   as a result of additional expense associated with   fiscal 2016   awards.  Share-based compensation expense in   fiscal 2015     increased     $2.1 million  , or   18.9%  , compared to   fiscal 2014  , primarily as a result of additional expense associated with fiscal 2015 awards as well as lower prior year expense due to the impact of forfeitures of previously recognized share-based compensation for executive departures during fiscal 2014.  
  Amortization expense   increased     $3.8 million  , or   29.9%  , to   $16.5 million   in   fiscal 2016   compared to   $12.7 million   in   fiscal 2015  .  Amortization expense in   fiscal 2015   increased   $3.2 million  , or   33.7%  , compared to   fiscal 2014  .  These increases are due to the impact of recent acquisitions. 
  Other SG A   increased     $19.4 million  , or   5.3%  , in   fiscal 2016   compared to   fiscal 2015   driven by increased variable incentive compensation of $13.5 million and the impact of recent acquisitions and costs related to other transaction activity of $12.2 million, partially offset by foreign exchange rate impact of $5.4 million as the U.S. dollar has strengthened relative to other currencies including Canadian dollar, euro, and British pound.  In   fiscal 2015  , other SG A   decreased     $0.5 million   compared to   fiscal 2014  . The primary drivers were a favorable foreign exchange rate impact as the U.S. dollar strengthened relative to other currencies including Canadian dollar, euro, and British pound, decreased variable incentive compensation and decreased marketing spending, partially offset by the impact of acquisitions of $25.6 million. 
  Impairment, Restructuring and Other  
  The following table sets forth the components of impairment, restructuring and other charges recorded within the  Cost of sales impairment, restructuring and other,   Impairment, restructuring and other  and  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax  lines in the Consolidated Statements of Operations: 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we announced a series of initiatives called Project Focus designed to maximize the value of our non-core assets and focus on emerging categories of the lawn and garden industry in our core U.S. business.  On April 13, 2016, as part of this project, we completed the contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture.  As a result, effective in our second quarter of fiscal 2016, we classified our results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business  
  
   32 

as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities of the SLS Business as held for sale.  Refer to  NOTE 2.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  for more information.  During fiscal 2016, we recognized a charge of   $9.0 million   for the resolution of a prior SLS Business litigation matter, as well as   $4.6 million   in transaction related costs associated with the divestiture of the SLS Business within the  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.   
  In addition, during fiscal 2016, we recognized restructuring costs related to termination benefits of   $3.4 million   within the U.S. Consumer segment and   $2.0 million   within the Europe Consumer segment, as well as costs of   $4.6 million   related to other transaction activity. We recorded   $8.2 million   and   $1.8 million   of these costs within the  Impairment, restructuring and other  and the  Cost of sales impairment, restructuring and other  lines in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, respectively. 
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2015, our U.S. Consumer segment began experiencing an increase in certain consumer complaints related to our newly reformulated Bonus        S fertilizer product sold in the southeastern United States indicating customers were experiencing damage to their lawns after application.  During fiscal 2016, we recognized   $6.4 million   in costs related to resolving these consumer complaints and the recognition of costs we expect to incur for current and expected consumer claims.  Costs incurred through   September 30, 2016   since the inception of this matter, excluding insurance reimbursement recoveries, are   $73.8 million  .  We have received reimbursement payments of   $60.8 million   through the end of fiscal 2016, including   $40.9 million   received during fiscal 2016.  We recorded offsetting insurance reimbursement recoveries upon resolution of the insurer s review of claim documentation in the amount of   $4.9 million   in fiscal 2015 and   $55.9 million   in fiscal 2016. We recorded net recoveries of   $55.4 million   and costs of   $5.9 million   within the  Impairment, restructuring and other  and the  Cost of sales   i  mpairment, restructuring and other  lines in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, respectively. 
  During fiscal 2015, we recognized   $22.2 million   in restructuring costs related to termination benefits provided to U.S. and international personnel as part of our restructuring of the U.S. administrative and overhead functions, the continuation of the international profitability improvement initiative and the liquidation and exit from the U.K. Solus business.  The restructuring costs for fiscal 2015 include   $4.3 million   of costs related to the acceleration of equity compensation expense, and were comprised of   $3.7 million   related to the U.S. Consumer segment,   $10.3 million   related to the Europe Consumer segment,   $0.2 million   related to the Other segment and   $6.6 million   related to Corporate.  In addition, costs of   $1.4 million   related to the SLS Business were recognized within the  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  During fiscal 2015, we also recognized   $62.4 million   in costs related to consumer complaints and claims related to the reformulated Bonus        S fertilizer product sold in the southeastern United States during fiscal 2015. 
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2014, as a result of an impairment review, we recognized an impairment charge for a non-recurring fair value adjustment of $33.7 million within the U.S. Consumer segment related to the Ortho        brand.  The fair value was calculated based upon the evaluation of the historical performance and future growth expectations of the Ortho        business.  During fiscal 2014, we recognized   $12.5 million   in restructuring costs related to termination benefits provided to U.S. personnel as part of our restructuring of the U.S. administrative and overhead functions, including   $1.0 million   related to the SLS Business recognized within the  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  We also recognized   $2.8 million   of international restructuring and other adjustments during fiscal 2014 for the continuation of the profitability improvement initiative announced in December 2012.  In addition, during fiscal 2014, the Company recognized   $2.0 million   in additional ongoing monitoring and remediation costs for the Company s turfgrass biotechnology program.   
  Other Income, net 
  Other income is comprised of activities outside our normal business operations, such as royalty income from the licensing of certain of our brand names, income earned from loans receivable, foreign exchange gains/losses and gains/losses from the sale of non-inventory assets.  Other income, net, was   $13.8 million  ,   $2.1 million   and   $10.7 million   in   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively.  The increase in other income for   fiscal 2016   was due to a gain on the sale of a growing media plant whose operations are being relocated, an increase in income on loans receivable and royalty income earned from the TruGreen Joint Venture related to its use of brand names.  The decrease in other income for fiscal 2015 was primarily due to recognition of investment gains in fiscal 2014 related to our investment in AeroGrow.  
  Income from Operations 
  Income from operations in   fiscal 2016   was   $459.3 million   compared to   $262.1 million   in   fiscal 2015  , an   increase   of   $197.2 million  , or   75.2%  .  The increase was driven by impairment, restructuring and other recoveries during fiscal 2016 as compared to charges during fiscal 2015, and an increase in net sales and gross profit rate, partially offset by higher SG A.  
  Income from operations in   fiscal 2015   was   $262.1 million   compared to   $283.7 million   in   fiscal 2014  , a decrease of   $21.6 million  , or   7.6%  .  The decrease was driven by higher impairment, restructuring and other charges during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, a decrease in gross profit rate, a decrease in other income and an increase in SG A, partially offset by an increase in net sales. 
  
   33 

Equity in Income of Unconsolidated Affiliates 
  We hold a minority equity interest of   30%   in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  This interest was initially recorded at fair value on the transaction date and subsequently is accounted for using the equity method of accounting, with our proportionate share of TruGreen Joint Venture earnings reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.  We recognized equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates of   $7.8 million   in   fiscal 2016  .  Included within income of unconsolidated affiliates for   fiscal 2016   is our   $11.7 million   share of restructuring and other charges incurred by the TruGreen Joint Venture.  These charges included   $6.0 million   for transaction and merger costs,   $4.4 million   for nonrecurring integration and separation costs and   $1.3 million   for a non-cash fair value write-down adjustment on deferred revenue and advertising as part of the transaction accounting. 
  Costs Related to Refinancing  
  Costs related to refinancing were   $8.8 million   for   fiscal 2016  .  The costs incurred were associated with the redemption of our 6.625% Senior Notes on December 15, 2015, and are comprised of $6.6 million of call premium and $2.2 million of unamortized bond discount and issuance costs that were written off. 
  Costs related to refinancing were $10.7 million for fiscal 2014.  The costs incurred were associated with the redemption of our 7.25% Senior Notes. 
  Interest Expense 
  Interest expense in   fiscal 2016   was   $65.6 million   compared to   $50.5 million   in   fiscal 2015   and   $47.3 million   in   fiscal 2014  .  The   increase   in   fiscal 2016   was driven by an increase in average borrowings of $351.2 million, which is net of a decrease of $7.5 million due to the impact of foreign exchange rates.  The increase in average borrowings was driven by recent acquisition and investment activity, primarily related to General Hydroponics, Vermicrop, Bonnie, Gavita, the amendment of our Marketing Agreement with Monsanto and repurchases of our Common Shares. 
  The   increase   in   fiscal 2015   was driven by an increase in average borrowings of $252.1 million, which is net of a decrease of $8.1 million due to the impact of foreign exchange rates, partially offset by a decrease in our weighted average interest rate of 78 basis points primarily due to reduced rates under our credit facility and the redemption of the 7.25% Senior Notes.  
  Income Tax Expense 
  A reconciliation of the federal corporate income tax rate and the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations before income taxes is summarized below: 

The effective tax rate for continuing operations was   35.5%   for   fiscal 2016  , compared to   34.9%   for   fiscal 2015   and   35.6%   for   fiscal 2014  .  
  Income from Continuing Operations 
  We reported income from continuing operations of   $392.7 million  , or   $4.09   per diluted share, in   fiscal 2016   compared to   $211.6 million  , or   $2.23   per diluted share, in   fiscal 2015  .  The increase was driven by impairment, restructuring and other recoveries during fiscal 2016 as compared to charges during fiscal 2015, and an increase in net sales, gross profit rate and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates, partially offset by increases in interest expense, costs related to refinancing and SG A.  Diluted average common shares used in the diluted income per common share calculation were   62.0 million   in   fiscal 2016   compared to   62.2 million   in   fiscal 2015  .  The decrease was primarily driven by share repurchases, partially offset by the exercise of stock options and the issuance of share-based compensation awards and the payment of contingent consideration in Common Shares in  
  
   34 

connection with the Vermicrop acquisition.  Dilutive equivalent shares for   fiscal 2016   and   fiscal 2015   were   0.9 million   and   1.1 million  , respectively. 
  We reported income from continuing operations of   $211.6 million  , or   $2.23   per diluted share, in   fiscal 2015   compared to   $225.7 million  , or   $2.32   per diluted share, in   fiscal 2014  .  The decrease was driven by higher impairment, restructuring and other charges during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, a decrease in gross profit rate and other income, an increase in SG A and an increase in interest expense, partially offset by an increase in net sales.  Diluted average common shares used in the diluted income per common share calculation were   62.2 million   in   fiscal 2015   compared to   62.7 million   in   fiscal 2014  .  The decrease was primarily driven by share repurchases, partially offset by the exercise of stock options and the issuance of share-based compensation awards and the payment of consideration in Common Shares in connection with the Vermicrop acquisition.  Dilutive equivalent shares for   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014   were   1.1 million   and   1.1 million  , respectively. 
  Income from Discontinued Operations 
  On April 13, 2016, we completed the contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture in exchange for a minority equity interest of approximately   30%   in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  As a result of this transaction, effective in our second quarter of fiscal 2016, we classified our results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities of the SLS Business as held for sale.  In our second quarter of fiscal 2014, we completed the sale of our wild bird food business at which time we began presenting this business within discontinued operations.  The prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform.  During fiscal 2016, we recognized a charge of   $9.0 million   for the resolution of a prior SLS Business litigation matter, as well as   $4.6 million   in transaction related costs associated with the divestiture of the SLS Business within the  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.   
  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax in   fiscal 2016   was   $61.5 million   compared to   $20.9 million   in   fiscal 2015  .  The increase is primarily driven by the after-tax gain on contribution of   $79.3 million  , partially offset by a net loss from the operations of the SLS Business of   $17.8 million   for   fiscal 2016  , as compared to net income from the operations of the SLS Business of   $20.9 million   for   fiscal 2015  .  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax in   fiscal 2014   of   $20.7 million   includes net income from the operations of the SLS Business of $19.9 million and net income from the operations of our wild bird food business of $0.8 million. 
  Segment Results 
  We divide our business into three reportable segments: U.S. Consumer, Europe Consumer and Other.  These segments differ from those used in prior periods due to the change in our internal organizational structure associated with Project Focus, which is a series of initiatives announced in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 designed to maximize the value of our non-core assets and concentrate our focus on emerging categories of the lawn and garden industry in our core U.S. business.  On April 13, 2016, as part of this project, we completed the contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture in exchange for a minority equity interest of approximately   30%   in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  As a result, effective in our second quarter of fiscal 2016, we classified our results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities of the SLS Business as held for sale.  The prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the new segments.  This division of reportable segments is consistent with how the segments report to and are managed by the chief operating decision maker of the Company.  
  U.S. Consumer consists of the Company s consumer lawn and garden business located in the geographic United States.  Europe Consumer consists of the Company s consumer lawn and garden business located in geographic Europe.  Other consists of the Company s consumer lawn and garden business in geographies other than the U.S. and Europe, the Company s indoor, urban and hydroponic gardening business, and revenues and expenses associated with the Company s supply agreements with Israel Chemicals, Ltd.  Corporate consists of general and administrative expenses and certain other income/expense items not allocated to the business segments.  
  Segment performance is evaluated based on several factors, including income (loss) from continuing operations before amortization, impairment, restructuring and other charges, which is not a generally accepted accounting principle ( GAAP ) measure.  Senior management uses this measure of operating profit (loss) to evaluate segment performance because the Company believes this measure is indicative of performance trends and the overall earnings potential of each segment. 
  
   35 

The following table sets forth net sales by segment: 

The following table sets forth segment income from continuing operations before income taxes: 

U.S. Consumer 
  U.S. Consumer segment net sales were   $2.2 billion   in   fiscal 2016  , an   increase   of   2.1%   from   fiscal 2015   net sales of   $2.1 billion  .  The   increase   was driven by the favorable impact of volume, pricing and acquisitions of 1.3%, 0.7% and 0.1%, respectively.  Increased sales volume in   fiscal 2016   was driven by increased sales of growing media and grass seed products, as well as the favorable impact of the Marketing Agreement for consumer Roundup       , partially offset by decreased sales of fertilizer products. 
  U.S. Consumer segment operating income   increased     $61.2 million  , or   13.9%  , in   fiscal 2016   as compared to   fiscal 2015  .  The change was driven by increased sales and improvements in gross profit rate due to lower material costs driven by commodities and lower distribution costs due to savings from lower fuel prices and reduced costs from efficiencies in our growing media business, partially offset by higher SG A. 
  U.S. Consumer segment net sales were   $2.1 billion   in   fiscal 2015  , an   increase   of   5.1%   from fiscal 2014 net sales of   $2.0 billion  .  The   increase   was driven by the favorable impact of volume and acquisitions of 4.7% and 0.7%, respectively, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of pricing of 0.3%.  Increased sales volume in   fiscal 2015   was driven by increased sales of controls, including increased sales of Tomcat        products, as well as growing media and cleaners products. 
  U.S. Consumer segment operating income   increased     $39.5 million  , or   9.9%  , in   fiscal 2015   as compared to fiscal 2014.  The change was driven by increased sales, partially offset by a decrease in gross profit rate due to unfavorable product mix as a result of increased sales of growing media and the net impact of acquisitions, the unfavorable impact of decreased pricing related to controls products and increased material costs for our grass seed and growing media products. 
  Europe Consumer 
  Europe Consumer segment net sales were   $274.2 million   in   fiscal 2016  , a   decrease   of   10.0%   from   fiscal 2015   net sales of   $304.7 million  .  The   decrease   was driven by the prior year exit from the U.K. Solus business of $18.1 million, or 5.9%, and the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and decreased pricing of 3.6% and 1.3%, respectively, partially offset by the favorable impact of volume of $2.4 million, or 0.8%.  
  Europe Consumer segment operating income   decreased     $0.6 million  , or   4.3%  , in   fiscal 2016   as compared to   fiscal 2015  .  The change was driven by decreased sales, partially offset by an increase in gross profit rate and lower SG A. 
  
   36 

Europe Consumer segment net sales were   $304.7 million   in   fiscal 2015  , a   decrease   of   9.5%   from fiscal 2014 net sales of   $336.7 million  .  The   decrease   was driven by the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and decreased pricing of 13.9% and 1.2%, respectively, partially offset by the favorable impact of acquisitions and volume of 5.3% and 0.3%, respectively.  
  Europe Consumer segment operating income   decreased     $6.8 million  , or   32.5%  , in   fiscal 2015   as compared to fiscal 2014.  The change was driven by decreased sales and gross profit rate, partially offset by lower SG A. 
  Other 
  Other segment net sales were   $374.5 million   in   fiscal 2016  , an   increase   of   33.0%   from   fiscal 2015   net sales of   $281.5 million  .  The   increase   was driven by the favorable impact of acquisitions and volume of 26.6% and 10.8%, respectively, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates of 4.3%.  Net sales from our indoor and urban gardening businesses increased $87.3 million in   fiscal 2016  . 
  Other segment operating income   increased     $8.5 million  , or   69.1%  , in   fiscal 2016   as compared to   fiscal 2015  .  The change was driven by increased sales, partially offset by increased SG A from acquired businesses and transaction costs related to acquisition activity. 
  Other segment net sales were   $281.5 million   in   fiscal 2015  , an   increase   of   37.9%   from fiscal 2014 net sales of   $204.2 million  .  The   increase   was driven by the favorable impact of acquisitions and volume of 45.0% and 7.4%, respectively, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and decreased pricing of 14.4% and 0.3%, respectively.  Net sales from our indoor and urban gardening businesses increased $49.2 million in   fiscal 2015  . 
  Other segment operating income   decreased     $5.1 million  , or   29.3%  , in   fiscal 2015   as compared to fiscal 2014.  The change was driven by increased SG A from acquired businesses and transaction costs related to acquisition activity, partially offset by increased sales. 
  Corporate  
  Corporate operating loss was   $96.8 million   in   fiscal 2016  , a   decrease   of   1.7%   from   fiscal 2015   operating loss of   $98.5 million  .  The change was primarily due to an increase in income on loans receivable and royalty income earned from the TruGreen Joint Venture related to its use of brand names, partially offset by increased variable incentive compensation.  Corporate operating loss was   $98.5 million   in   fiscal 2015  , an   increase   of   7.1%   from fiscal 2014 operating loss of   $92.0 million  .  The increase for fiscal 2015 was primarily related to higher share-based compensation expense and litigation settlement activity. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Operating Activities 
  Cash   provided by   operating activities totaled   $237.4 million   for   fiscal 2016  , a   decrease   of   $9.5 million   as compared to cash provided by operating activities of   $246.9 million   for fiscal 2015.  Cash provided by operating activities from the SLS Business was   $26.8 million   and   $28.2 million   for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively.  The change was driven by an increase in cash used for working capital related to increased inventory, timing of customer receipts as compared to payment of current liabilities and an increase in accounts receivable from the TruGreen Joint Venture of   $14.9 million   for expenses incurred pursuant to a transition services agreement and an employee leasing agreement, partially offset by insurance reimbursement recoveries of   $40.9 million   related to the Bonus        S consumer complaint matter. 
  Cash provided by operating activities totaled   $246.9 million   for fiscal 2015, an increase of $6.0 million as compared to cash provided by operating activities of   $240.9 million   for fiscal 2014.  Cash provided by operating activities from the SLS Business was   $28.2 million   and   $19.2 million   for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  The change was driven by a decrease in cash used for working capital, partially offset by a decrease in net income.  The decrease in cash used for working capital was primarily due to less growth in accounts receivable and inventory, partially offset by less growth in accounts payable.  
  The seasonal nature of our operations generally requires cash to fund significant increases in inventories during the first half of the fiscal year.  Receivables and payables also build substantially in our second quarter of the fiscal year in line with the timing of sales to support our retailers  spring selling season.  These balances liquidate during the June through September period as the lawn and garden season unwinds.  
  Investing Activities 
  Cash   used in   investing activities totaled   $134.4 million   for   fiscal 2016  , a   decrease   of   $402.0 million   as compared to cash used in investing activities of   $536.4 million   for   fiscal 2015  .  Cash used in investing activities related to the SLS Business was   $1.4 million   and   $24.3 million   for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively.  
  
   37 

During   fiscal 2016   we made an investment in Bonnie in the amount of   $72.0 million  , made an investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary of $2.0 million, provided a working capital contribution of   $24.2 million   and an   $18.0 million   investment in second lien term loan financing to the TruGreen Joint Venture and completed the acquisitions of Gavita and a Canadian growing media operation which included cash payments of   $158.4 million  .  Cash used for investments in property, plant and equipment during   fiscal 2016   was   $58.3 million  .  These cash outflows were partially offset by an excess distribution of $196.2 million from the TruGreen Joint Venture.  Significant capital projects during fiscal 2016 included investments in our growing media production and packaging facilities, additional capital for supply chain optimization projects, investments in information technology and facility improvement and maintenance. 
  Cash   used in   investing activities totaled   $536.4 million   for   fiscal 2015  , an increase of   $380.8 million   as compared to cash used in investing activities of   $155.6 million   for fiscal 2014.  Cash used in investing activities related to the SLS Business was   $24.3 million   and   $3.4 million   for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  The change in cash   used in   our investing activities was primarily driven by the payment of $300 million to Monsanto in consideration for Monsanto s entry into the amendments to our Marketing Agreement for consumer Roundup       , the lawn and garden brand extension agreement and the commercialization and technology agreement, and increased acquisitions of $66.2 million.  During fiscal 2015, we completed the acquisitions of General Hydroponics and Vermicrop for $120.0 million and $15.0 million, respectively, in addition to four acquisitions of growing media operations with an aggregate estimated purchase price of $40.2 million.  Additionally, Scotts LawnService        completed the acquisition of Action Pest for $21.7 million.  These acquisitions included cash payments of $180.2 million during fiscal 2015.  Significant capital projects during fiscal 2015 included investments in our growing media production and packaging facilities, additional capital for supply chain optimization projects, investments in information technology, facility improvement and maintenance, and investments in fleet vehicles for Scotts LawnService       .  
  For the three fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016  , our capital spending was allocated as follows: 70% for expansion and maintenance of existing productive assets; 13% for new productive assets; 10% to expand our information technology and transformation and integration capabilities; and 7% for Corporate assets.  We expect fiscal 2017 capital expenditures to be consistent with our recent capital spending amounts and allocations. 
  Financing Activities 
  Financing activities   used   cash of   $122.2 million   in   fiscal 2016   and   provided   cash of   $278.9 million   in fiscal 2015.  The change was the result of the repayment of $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.625% Senior Notes, net repayments of   $81.3 million   under our credit facilities in   fiscal 2016   compared to net borrowings of   $378.0 million   in fiscal 2015, payment of financing and issuance fees of   $11.2 million   related to our new credit agreement and the 6.000% Senior Notes, an increase in repurchases of our Common Shares of   $116.0 million   and a decrease in cash received from the exercise of stock options of   $9.6 million  , partially offset by the issuance of $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.000% Senior Notes. 
  Financing activities provided cash of   $278.9 million   in fiscal 2015 and used cash of $124.3 million in fiscal 2014.  The change related to financing activities was the result of the redemption of $200.0 million of our 7.25% Senior Notes during fiscal 2014, a decrease in dividends paid in fiscal 2015 as a result of the prior year special one-time cash dividend of $2.00 per share, or $122.1 million, and a decrease in repurchases of Common Shares of $105.2 million, partially offset by a decrease in net borrowings under our credit facility of $29.5 million.  Net borrowings under our credit facilities in fiscal 2015 were $378.0 million compared to $407.5 million in fiscal 2014.  Financing activities also included an increase in cash received from the exercise of stock options of $4.3 million in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. 
  
   38 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Our cash and cash equivalents were held in cash depository accounts with major financial institutions around the world or invested in high quality, short-term liquid investments having original maturities of three months or less.  The cash and cash equivalents balances of   $50.1 million   and   $71.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively, included   $39.9 million   and $55.1 million, respectively, held by controlled foreign corporations.  Our current plans do not demonstrate a need to, nor do we have plans to, repatriate the retained earnings from these foreign corporations as the earnings are indefinitely reinvested.  However, in the future, if we determine it is necessary to repatriate these funds, or we sell or liquidate any of these foreign corporations, we may be required to pay associated taxes on the repatriation, sale or liquidation. 
  Borrowing Agreements 
  Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated by operations and borrowings under our credit facilities, which are guaranteed by substantially all of Scotts Miracle-Gro s domestic subsidiaries.  On   December 20, 2013  , we entered into the third amended and restated credit agreement, providing us with a five-year senior secured revolving loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to $  1.7 billion   (the  former credit facility ).  On October 29, 2015, we entered into the fourth amended and restated credit agreement (the  new credit agreement ), providing us with five-year senior secured loan facilities in the aggregate principal amount of $1.9 billion, comprised of a revolving credit facility of $1.6 billion and a term loan in the original principal amount of $300.0 million (the  new credit facilities ).  The new credit agreement also provides us with the right to seek additional committed credit under the agreement in an aggregate amount of up to $500.0 million plus an unlimited additional amount, subject to certain specified financial and other conditions.  Under the new credit agreement, we have the ability to obtain letters of credit up to $100.0 million.  Borrowings on the revolving credit facility may be made in various currencies, including U.S. dollars, euro, British pounds, Australian dollars and Canadian dollars. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had letters of credit outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of   $26.5 million  , and   $1.2 billion   of availability under the new credit agreement, subject to our continued compliance with the covenants discussed below.  The weighted average interest rates on average borrowings under the new credit agreement and the former credit facility were   3.5%   and   4.0%   for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively. 
  We maintain a Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement (as amended,  MARP Agreement ), which provides for the discretionary sale by us, and the discretionary purchase (outside of the commitment period specified in the MARP Agreement) by the participating banks, on a revolving basis, of accounts receivable generated by sales to three specified account debtors in an aggregate amount not to exceed   $400.0 million  .  
  On March 23, 2016, we entered into a Waiver and First Amendment to the MARP Agreement that amends the MARP Agreement in the following significant respects: (1) includes subsidiaries and affiliates of the approved debtors into the definition of approved debtors; (2) requires Scotts LLC to repurchase all receivables (including any defaulted receivables) from the banks on each settlement date; and (3) provides the administrative agent and the banks with full recourse to Scotts LLC in case of non-payment of any purchased receivable on the maturity date thereof, regardless of the reason for such non-payment.  Under the terms of the amended MARP Agreement, the banks have the opportunity to purchase those accounts receivable offered by us at a discount (from the agreed base value thereof) effectively equal to the one-week LIBO rate plus 0.95%.   
  There were   $138.6 million   and   $122.3 million   in borrowings or receivables pledged as collateral under the MARP Agreement at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The carrying value of the receivables pledged as collateral was   $174.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $152.9 million   at   September 30, 2015  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $7.6 million   of availability under the MARP Agreement. 
  The MARP Agreement terminated effective October 14, 2016 in accordance with its terms.  We expect the $1.6 billion senior secured revolving credit facility available to us under the new credit agreement, together with our other existing sources of committed financing, to be sufficient to meet our funding needs on an ongoing basis. Additionally, we continue to consider alternative receivables-based funding sources, as our new credit agreement allows for the periodic sale, discounting, factoring or securitization of accounts receivable up to a maximum at any one time outstanding of $500 million. 
   On January 15, 2014, we used a portion of our available former credit facility borrowings to redeem all of our outstanding   $200.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   7.25%   Senior Notes, paying a redemption price of   $214.5 million  , which included   $7.25 million   of accrued and unpaid interest,   $7.25 million   of call premium, and   $200.0 million   for outstanding principal amount.  The   $7.25 million   call premium charge was recognized within the  Costs related to refinancing  line on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in our second quarter of fiscal 2014.  Additionally, we had   $3.5 million   in unamortized bond discount and issuance costs associated with the   7.25%   Senior Notes that were written-off and recognized in the  Costs related to refinancing  line on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in our second quarter of fiscal 2014.  
  
   39 

On December 15, 2015, we used a portion of our available credit facility borrowings to redeem all $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 6.625% senior notes due 2020 (the  6.625% Senior Notes ) paying a redemption price of $213.2 million, comprised of $6.6 million of accrued and unpaid interest, $6.6 million of call premium and $200.0 million for outstanding principal amount.  The $6.6 million call premium charge was recognized within the  Costs related to refinancing  line on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.  Additionally, we had $2.2 million in unamortized bond discount and issuance costs associated with the 6.625% Senior Notes that were written off and recognized in the  Costs related to refinancing  line on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. 
  On October 13, 2015, we issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of   6.000%   senior notes due 2023 (the    6.000%   Senior Notes ).  The net proceeds of the offering were used to repay outstanding borrowings under our former credit facility.  The 6.000% Senior Notes represent general unsecured senior obligations and rank equal in right of payment with our existing and future unsecured senior debt.  The 6.000% Senior Notes have interest payment dates of April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing April 15, 2016.  The   6.000%   Senior Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, on or after   October 15, 2018   at applicable redemption premiums.  The 6.000% Senior Notes contain customary covenants and events of default and mature on October 15, 2023.  Substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries serve as guarantors of the 6.000% Senior Notes. 
  We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of   September 30, 2016  .  Our new credit agreement contains, among other obligations, an affirmative covenant regarding our leverage ratio on the last day of each quarter, calculated as our net indebtedness divided by adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.  The maximum leverage ratio was   4.50   as of   September 30, 2016  .  Our leverage ratio was   3.10   at   September 30, 2016  .  Our new credit agreement also includes an affirmative covenant regarding our interest coverage.  The minimum interest coverage ratio was   3.00   for the twelve months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Our interest coverage ratio was   7.88   for the twelve months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The new credit agreement allows us to make unlimited restricted payments (as defined in the new credit agreement), including increased or one-time dividend payments and Common Share repurchases, as long as the leverage ratio resulting from the making of such restricted payments is 4.00 or less.  Otherwise we may only make restricted payments in an aggregate amount for each fiscal year not to exceed the amount set forth in the new credit agreement for such fiscal year (  $175.0 million   for fiscal 2017 and   $200.0 million   for fiscal 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter).  Please see  ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details pertaining to the calculations of the foregoing ratios. 
  We continue to monitor our compliance with the leverage ratio, interest coverage ratio and other covenants contained in the new credit agreement and, based upon our current operating assumptions, we expect to remain in compliance with the permissible leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio throughout fiscal 2017.  However, an unanticipated shortfall in earnings, an increase in net indebtedness or other factors could materially affect our ability to remain in compliance with the financial or other covenants of our new credit agreement, potentially causing us to have to seek an amendment or waiver from our lending group which could result in repricing of our credit facilities.  While we believe we have good relationships with our lending group, we can provide no assurance that such a request would result in a modified or replacement credit agreement on reasonable terms, if at all.   
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding interest rate swap agreements with major financial institutions that effectively converted the LIBOR index portion of variable-rate debt denominated in U.S. dollars to a fixed rate.  The swap agreements had a total U.S. dollar notional amount of   $650.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  Interest payments made between the effective date and expiration date are hedged by the swap agreements, except as noted below.  On November 1, 2016, we executed interest rate swap agreements with notional amounts that adjust in accordance with a specified seasonal schedule and have a maximum total notional amount at any point in time of   $500.0 million  . These swap agreements effectively convert the LIBOR index on a portion of our variable-rate debt to a fixed rate of approximately   0.83%   beginning in November 2016 through expiration dates in June and August 2018.  
  
   40 

The notional amount, effective date, expiration date and rate of each of these swap agreements outstanding at   September 30, 2016   are shown in the table below. 

(a) 
    The effective date refers to the date on which interest payments were, or will be, first hedged by the applicable swap agreement. 
              (b) 
    Interest payments made during the three-month period of each year that begins with the month and day of the effective date are hedged by the swap agreement. 
              (c) 
    Interest payments made during the six-month period of each year that begins with the month and day of the effective date are hedged by the swap agreement. 
              (d) 
    Interest payments made during the nine-month period of each year that begins with the month and day of the effective date are hedged by the swap agreement. 
     We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our agreements described herein will be sufficient to meet debt service, capital expenditures and working capital needs for the foreseeable future.  However, we cannot ensure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available under our borrowing agreements in amounts sufficient to pay indebtedness or fund other liquidity needs.  Actual results of operations will depend on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control as further discussed in  Item 1A.  RISK FACTORS   Our indebtedness could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
     Judicial and Administrative Proceedings 
  We are party to various pending judicial and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including, among others, proceedings based on accidents or product liability claims and alleged violations of environmental laws.  We have reviewed these pending judicial and administrative proceedings, including the probable outcomes, reasonably anticipated costs and expenses, and the availability and limits of our insurance coverage, and have established what we believe to be appropriate reserves.  We do not believe that any liabilities that may result from these pending judicial and administrative proceedings are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows; however, there can be no assurance that future quarterly or annual operating results will not be materially affected by these proceedings, whether as a result of adverse outcomes or as a result of significant defense costs. 
  Contractual Obligations 
  The following table summarizes our future cash outflows for contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016  : 

We have long-term debt obligations and interest payments due primarily under the 6.000% Senior Notes and our new credit facility.  Amounts in the table represent scheduled future maturities of long-term debt principal for the periods indicated.  
    
  The interest payments for our new credit facility are based on outstanding borrowings as of   September 30, 2016  .  Actual interest expense will likely be higher due to the seasonality of our business and associated higher average borrowings. 
  
   41 

Purchase obligations primarily represent commitments for materials used in our manufacturing processes, as well as commitments for warehouse services, grass seed and outsourced information services which comprise the unconditional purchase obligations disclosed in  NOTE 18.  COMMITMENTS  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Other obligations include actuarially determined retiree benefit payments and pension funding to comply with local funding requirements.  Pension funding requirements beyond   fiscal 2016   are based on preliminary estimates using actuarial assumptions determined as of   September 30, 2016  .  The above table excludes liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and insurance accruals as we are unable to estimate the timing of payments for these items. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we have letters of credit in the aggregate face amount of   $26.5 million   outstanding.  Further, we have a residual value guarantee on our corporate aircraft as disclosed in  NOTE 17.  OPERATING LEASES  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Regulatory Matters 
  We are subject to local, state, federal and foreign environmental protection laws and regulations with respect to our business operations and believe we are operating in substantial compliance with, or taking actions aimed at ensuring compliance with, such laws and regulations.  We are involved in several legal actions with various governmental agencies related to environmental matters.  While it is difficult to quantify the potential financial impact of actions involving these environmental matters, particularly remediation costs at waste disposal sites and future capital expenditures for environmental control equipment, in the opinion of management, the ultimate liability arising from such environmental matters, taking into account established reserves, should not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  However, there can be no assurance that the resolution of these matters will not materially affect our future quarterly or annual results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.  Additional information on environmental matters affecting us is provided in  ITEM 1.  BUSINESS   Regulatory Considerations     Regulatory Matters    and  ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP.  Certain accounting policies are particularly significant, including those related to revenue recognition, goodwill and intangibles, certain associate benefits and income taxes.  We believe these accounting policies, and others set forth in  NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, should be reviewed as they are integral to understanding our results of operations and financial position.  Our critical accounting policies are reviewed periodically with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Scotts Miracle-Gro. 
  The preparation of financial statements requires management to use judgment and make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.  On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to customer programs and incentives, product returns, bad debts, inventories, intangible assets, income taxes, restructuring, environmental matters, contingencies and litigation.  We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Although actual results historically have not deviated significantly from those determined using our estimates, our results of operations or financial condition could differ, perhaps materially, from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
  Revenue Recognition and Promotional Allowances 
  Most of our revenue is derived from the sale of inventory, and we recognize revenue when title and risk of loss transfer, generally when products are received by the customer.  Provisions for payment discounts, product returns and allowances are recorded as a reduction of sales at the time revenue is recognized based on historical trends and adjusted periodically as circumstances warrant.  Similarly, reserves for uncollectible receivables due from customers are established based on management s judgment as to the ultimate collectability of these balances.  We offer sales incentives through various programs, consisting principally of volume rebates, cooperative advertising, consumer coupons and other trade programs.  The cost of these programs is recorded as a reduction of sales.  The recognition of revenues, receivables and trade programs requires the use of estimates.  While we believe these estimates to be reasonable based on the then current facts and circumstances, there can be no assurance that actual amounts realized will not differ materially from estimated amounts recorded. 
  
   42 

Income Taxes 
  Our annual effective tax rate is established based on our pre-tax income (loss), statutory tax rates and the tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes.  We record income tax liabilities utilizing known obligations and estimates of potential obligations.  A deferred tax asset or liability is recognized whenever there are future tax effects from existing temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  Valuation allowances are used to reduce deferred tax assets to the balances that are more likely than not to be realized.  We must make estimates and judgments on future taxable income, considering feasible tax planning strategies and taking into account existing facts and circumstances, to determine the proper valuation allowances.  When we determine that deferred tax assets could be realized in greater or lesser amounts than recorded, the asset balance and Consolidated Statements of Operations reflect the change in the period such determination is made.  Due to changes in facts and circumstances and the estimates and judgments that are involved in determining the proper valuation allowances, differences between actual future events and prior estimates and judgments could result in adjustments to these valuation allowances.  We use an estimate of our annual effective tax rate at each interim period based on the facts and circumstances available at that time, while the actual effective tax rate is calculated at year-end. 
  Inventories 
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, principally determined by the first-in, first-out method of accounting.  Inventories include the cost of raw materials, labor, manufacturing overhead and freight and in-bound handling costs incurred to pre-position goods in our warehouse network.  Adjustments to net realizable value for excess and obsolete inventory are based on a variety of factors, including product changes and improvements, changes in active ingredient availability and regulatory acceptance, new product introductions and estimated future demand.  The adequacy of our adjustments could be materially affected by changes in the demand for our products or regulatory actions. 
  Long-lived Assets, including Property, Plant and Equipment 
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost.  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is provided on the straight-line method and is based on the estimated useful economic lives of the assets.  Intangible assets with finite lives, and therefore subject to amortization, include technology (e.g., patents), customer relationships and certain tradenames.  These intangible assets are being amortized over their estimated useful economic lives typically ranging from 3 to 25 years.  We review long-lived assets whenever circumstances change such that the recorded value of an asset may not be recoverable and therefore impaired. 
  Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
  We have significant investments in intangible assets and goodwill.  Our annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset testing is performed as of the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment.  In our evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment, we perform either an initial qualitative or quantitative evaluation for each of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets.  Factors considered in the qualitative test include operating results as well as new events and circumstances impacting the operations or cash flows of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets.  For the quantitative test, the review for impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets is primarily based on our estimates of discounted future cash flows, which are based upon annual budgets and longer-range strategic plans.  These budgets and plans are used for internal purposes and are also the basis for communication with outside parties about future business trends.  While we believe the assumptions we use to estimate future cash flows are reasonable, there can be no assurance that the expected future cash flows will be realized.  As a result, impairment charges that possibly would have been recognized in earlier periods may not be recognized until later periods if actual results deviate unfavorably from earlier estimates.  An asset s value is deemed impaired if the discounted cash flows or earnings projections generated do not substantiate the carrying value of the asset.  The estimation of such amounts requires management to exercise judgment with respect to revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital, future capital expenditure requirements and selection of an appropriate discount rate, as applicable.  The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease discounted future operating cash flows or earnings projections and could, therefore, change impairment determinations. 
  Fair value estimates employed in our annual impairment review of indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill were determined using discounted cash flow models involving several assumptions.  Changes in our assumptions could materially impact our fair value estimates.  Assumptions critical to our fair value estimates were: (i) discount rates used in determining the fair value of the reporting units and intangible assets; (ii) royalty rates used in our intangible asset valuations; (iii) projected revenue and operating profit growth rates used in the reporting unit and intangible asset models; and (iv) projected long-term growth rates used in the derivation of terminal year values.  These and other assumptions are impacted by economic conditions and expectations of management and may change in the future based on period specific facts and circumstances. 
  
   43 

At   September 30, 2016  , goodwill totaled   $373.2 million  , with   $211.9 million   and   $161.3 million   of goodwill for the U.S. Consumer and Other segments, respectively.  No goodwill impairment was recognized as a result of the annual evaluation performed as of July 3, 2016.  The estimated fair value of each reporting unit with a significant goodwill balance was substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual test date.  If we were to alter our impairment testing by increasing the discount rate in the discounted cash flow analysis by 100 basis points, there still would not be any impairment indicated for any reporting units.  At   September 30, 2016  , indefinite-lived intangible assets consisted of tradenames of   $184.8 million  , as well as the Marketing Agreement Amendment of   $188.3 million   and Brand Extension Agreement of   $111.7 million   which were both acquired during fiscal 2015.  The estimated fair value of each tradename was substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual test date.  If we were to alter our impairment testing by increasing the discount rate in the discounted cash flow analysis by 100 basis points, there still would not be any impairment indicated for any tradenames.   
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2014, as a result of an impairment review, we recognized an impairment charge for a non-recurring fair value adjustment of $33.7 million within the U.S. Consumer segment related to the Ortho        brand.    
  Associate Benefits 
  We sponsor various post-employment benefit plans, including pension plans, both defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans, and other post-employment benefit ( OPEB ) plans, consisting primarily of health care for retirees.  For accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and OPEB plans are dependent on a variety of assumptions to estimate the projected and accumulated benefit obligations and annual expense determined by actuarial valuations.  These assumptions include the following: discount rate; expected salary increases; certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on plan assets; and health care cost trend rates. 
  Assumptions are reviewed annually for appropriateness and updated as necessary.  We base the discount rate assumption on investment yields available at fiscal year-end on high-quality corporate bonds that could be purchased to effectively settle the pension liabilities.  The salary growth assumption reflects our long-term actual experience, the near-term outlook and assumed inflation.  The expected return on plan assets assumption reflects asset allocation, investment strategy and the views of investment managers regarding the market.  Retirement and mortality rates are based primarily on actual and expected plan experience.  The effects of actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods. 
  Changes in the discount rate and investment returns can have a significant effect on the funded status of our pension plans and shareholders  equity.  We cannot predict discount rates or investment returns with certainty and, therefore, cannot determine whether adjustments to our shareholders  equity for pension-related activity in subsequent years will be significant.  We also cannot predict future investment returns, and therefore cannot determine whether future pension plan funding requirements could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  A 100 basis point change in the discount rate would have an immaterial effect on fiscal 2016 pension expense.  A 100 basis point change in the discount rate would have a $63.8 million change in our projected benefit obligations as of September 30, 2016. 
  Insurance and Self-Insurance 
  We maintain insurance for certain risks, including workers  compensation, general liability and vehicle liability, and are self-insured for employee-related health care benefits up to a specified level for individual claims.  We establish reserves for losses based on our claims experience and industry actuarial estimates of the ultimate loss amount inherent in the claims, including losses for claims incurred but not reported.  Our estimate of self-insured liabilities is subject to change as new events or circumstances develop which might materially impact the ultimate cost to settle these losses. 
  Derivative Instruments 
  In the normal course of business, we are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, the value of foreign currencies and the cost of commodities.  A variety of financial instruments, including forward and swap contracts, are used to manage these exposures.  Our objective in managing these exposures is to better control these elements of cost and mitigate the earnings and cash flow volatility associated with changes in the applicable rates and prices.  We have established policies and procedures that encompass risk-management philosophy and objectives, guidelines for derivative-instrument usage, counterparty credit approval, and the monitoring and reporting of derivative activity.  We do not enter into derivative instruments for the purpose of speculation. 
  Contingencies 
  As described more fully in  NOTE 19.  CONTINGENCIES  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are involved in environmental and legal proceedings which have a high degree of uncertainty associated with them.  We continually assess the likely outcome of these proceedings and the adequacy of reserves, if any, provided for their resolution.  There can be no assurance that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings will not differ  
  
   44 

materially from our current assessment of them, nor that all proceedings that may currently be brought against us are known by us at this time. 
  Other Significant Accounting Policies 
  Other significant accounting policies, primarily those with lower levels of uncertainty than those discussed above, are also critical to understanding the consolidated financial statements.  The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain additional information related to our accounting policies, including recent accounting pronouncements, and should be read in conjunction with this discussion.  

ITEM 7A. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     As part of our ongoing business, we are exposed to certain market risks, including fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices.  Financial derivative and other instruments are used to manage these risks.  These instruments are not used for speculative purposes. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  We had variable rate debt instruments outstanding at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   that are impacted by changes in interest rates.  As a means of managing our interest rate risk on these debt instruments, we entered into interest rate swap agreements with major financial institutions to effectively fix the LIBOR index on certain variable-rate debt obligations.   
  At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we had outstanding interest rate swap agreements with a total U.S. dollar equivalent notional value of   $650.0 million   and   $1,300.0 million  , respectively.  The weighted average fixed rate of swap agreements outstanding at   September 30, 2016   was   1.9%  . 
  The following table summarizes information about our derivative financial instruments and debt instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  For debt instruments, the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates.  For interest rate swap agreements, the table presents expected cash flows based on notional amounts and weighted-average interest rates by contractual maturity dates.  Weighted-average variable rates are based on rates in effect at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  A change in our variable interest rate of 100 basis points for a full twelve-month period would have a $2.5 million impact on interest expense assuming approximately $250 million of our average   fiscal 2016   variable-rate debt had not been hedged via an interest rate swap agreement.  The information is presented in U.S. dollars (in millions): 

45 

Excluded from the information provided above are   $71.3 million   and   $19.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, of miscellaneous debt instruments. 
  Other Market Risks 
  Through   fiscal 2016  , we had transactions that were denominated in currencies other than the currency of the country of origin.  We use currency forward contracts to manage the exchange rate risk associated with intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries that are denominated in local currencies.  At   September 30, 2016  , the notional amount of outstanding currency forward contracts was   $165.8 million     with a fair value   of   $0.4 million  .  At   September 30, 2015  , the notional amount of outstanding currency forward contracts was   $52.3 million   with a negative fair value of   $0.7 million  . 
  We are subject to market risk from fluctuating prices of certain raw materials, including urea and other fertilizer inputs, resins, diesel, gasoline, natural gas, sphagnum peat, bark and grass seed.  Our objectives surrounding the procurement of these materials are to ensure continuous supply and to control costs.  We seek to achieve these objectives through negotiation of contracts with favorable terms directly with vendors.  In addition, we use derivatives to partially mitigate the effect of fluctuating diesel and gasoline costs on our businesses.  We had outstanding derivative contracts for   8,106,000   and   8,022,000   gallons of fuel at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The outstanding derivative contracts had a negative fair value of   $0.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to a negative fair value of   $3.2 million   at   September 30, 2015  .  We also enter into hedging arrangements designed to fix the price of a portion of our projected future urea requirements of our business.  We had outstanding derivative contracts for   40,500   and   52,500   aggregate tons of urea at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The outstanding derivative contracts had a negative fair value of   $0.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to a negative fair value of   $1.3 million   at   September 30, 2015  . 

ITEM 8. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
     The financial statements and other information required by this Item are contained in the Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules Supporting the Consolidated Financial Statements listed in the  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules  on page   53   of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. 
    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
     None. 

ITEM 9A. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  With the participation of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (the  Registrant ), the Registrant s management has evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Based upon that evaluation, the Registrant s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  
   46 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  The  Annual Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  required by Item 308(a) of SEC Regulation S-K is included on page 54 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  The  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  required by Item 308(b) of SEC Regulation S-K is included on page 55 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  No changes in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the Registrant s fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
       
  None. 
  
   47 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Persons Nominated or Chosen to Become Directors or Executive Officers 
  The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the directors of Scotts Miracle-Gro and the nominees for election or re-election as directors of Scotts Miracle-Gro at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on January 27, 2017 (the  2017 Annual Meeting ) is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure which will be included under the caption  PROPOSAL NUMBER 1   ELECTION OF DIRECTORS  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2017 Annual Meeting ( Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement ), which will be filed pursuant to SEC Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of Scotts Miracle-Gro s fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the executive officers of Scotts Miracle-Gro is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the caption  SUPPLEMENTAL ITEM.  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT  in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  The information required by Item 405 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure which will be included under the caption  SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
  Procedures for Recommending Director Nominees 
  Information concerning the procedures by which shareholders of Scotts Miracle-Gro may recommend nominees to Scotts Miracle-Gro s Board of Directors is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosures which will be included under the captions  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   Nominations of Directors  and  MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD   Committees of the Board   Nominating and Governance Committee  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement.  These procedures have not materially changed from those described in Scotts Miracle-Gro s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on January 28, 2016. 
  Audit Committee 
  The information required by Items 407(d)(4) and 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure which will be included under the caption  MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD   Committees of the Board  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
  Committee Charters; Code of Business Conduct   Ethics; Corporate Governance Guidelines 
  The Board of Directors of Scotts Miracle-Gro has adopted charters for each of the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Compensation and Organization Committee, the Innovation and Technology Committee and the Finance Committee, as well as Corporate Governance Guidelines, as contemplated by the applicable sections of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. 
  In accordance with the requirements of Section 303A.10 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual and Item 406 of SEC Regulation S-K, the Board of Directors of Scotts Miracle-Gro has adopted a Code of Business Conduct   Ethics covering the members of Scotts Miracle-Gro s Board of Directors and associates (employees) of Scotts Miracle-Gro and its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, Scotts Miracle-Gro s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer.  Scotts Miracle-Gro intends to disclose the following events, if they occur, on its Internet website located at http://investor.scotts.com within four business days following their occurrence: (A) the date and nature of any amendment to a provision of Scotts Miracle-Gro s Code of Business Conduct   Ethics that (i) applies to Scotts Miracle-Gro s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, (ii) relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of SEC Regulation S-K, and (iii) is not a technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendment; and (B) a description of any waiver (including the nature of the waiver, the name of the person to whom the waiver was granted and the date of the waiver), including an implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct   Ethics granted to Scotts Miracle-Gro s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, that relates to one or more of the elements of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of SEC Regulation S-K.  In addition, Scotts Miracle-Gro will disclose any waivers from the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct   Ethics granted to an executive officer or a director of Scotts  
  
   48 

Miracle-Gro on Scotts Miracle-Gro s Internet website located at http://investor.scotts.com within four business days of the determination to grant any such waiver. 
  The text of Scotts Miracle-Gro s Code of Business Conduct   Ethics, Scotts Miracle-Gro s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Audit Committee charter, the Nominating and Governance Committee charter, the Compensation and Organization Committee charter, the Innovation and Technology Committee charter and the Finance Committee charter are posted under the  Corporate Governance  link on Scotts Miracle-Gro s Internet website located at http://investor.scotts.com.  Interested persons and shareholders of Scotts Miracle-Gro may also obtain copies of each of these documents without charge by writing to The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, Attention: Corporate Secretary, 14111 Scottslawn Road, Marysville, Ohio 43041.  

ITEM 11. 
    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
     The information required by Item 402 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosures which will be included under the captions  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION,   NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION,   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES,   SEVERANCE AND CHANGE IN CONTROL (CIC) ARRANGEMENTS,  and  PAYMENTS ON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AND/OR CHANGE IN CONTROL  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
  The information required by Item 407(e)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure which will be included under the caption  MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD   Compensation and Organization Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
  The information required by Item 407(e)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure which will be included under the caption  COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. 
    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
     Ownership of Common Shares of Scotts Miracle-Gro 
  The information required by Item 403 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure which will be included under the caption  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
  Equity Compensation Plan Information 
  The information required by Item 201(d) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure which will be included under the caption  EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13. 
    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
     Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 
  The information required by Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosures which will be included under the caption  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
  Director Independence 
  The information required by Item 407(a) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosures which will be included under the captions  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   Director Independence  and  MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. 
    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
     The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosures which will be included under the captions  AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS   Fees of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  and  AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS   Pre-Approval of Services Performed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  in Scotts Miracle-Gro s Definitive Proxy Statement. 
  
   49 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
     (a)   LIST OF DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 
  1 and 2.  Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules: 
  The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Reference is made to the  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules  on page   53   of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  (b)   EXHIBITS 
  The exhibits listed on the  Index to Exhibits  beginning on page 126 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated herein by reference as noted in the  Index to Exhibits.  
  (c)   FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
  The financial statement schedule filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K is submitted in a separate section hereof.  For a description of such financial statement schedules, see  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules  on page   53   of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

50 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 

By: 
      
    /s/    JAMES HAGEDORN  

James Hagedorn, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

Dated:   November 28, 2016    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
    
                       Signature 
      
    Title 
      
    Date 

/s/   THOMAS RANDAL COLEMAN 
      
    Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
      
    November 28, 2016 
      Thomas Randal Coleman 
      
    (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/   JAMES HAGEDORN       
      
    Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 
      James Hagedorn 
      
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/   BRIAN D. FINN*         
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 
      Brian D. Finn 

/s/   ADAM HANFT*         
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 
      Adam Hanft 

/s/   MICHELLE A. JOHNSON*         
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 
      Michelle A. Johnson 

/s/   STEPHEN L. JOHNSON* 
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 
      Stephen L. Johnson 

/s/   THOMAS N. KELLY JR.* 
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 
      Thomas N. Kelly Jr. 

/s/   KATHERINE HAGEDORN LITTLEFIELD* 
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 
      Katherine Hagedorn Littlefield 

51 

* 
    The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this Report on behalf of each of the directors of the Registrant identified above pursuant to Powers of Attorney executed by the directors identified above, which Powers of Attorney are filed with this Report as exhibits. 

By: 
    /s/   THOMAS RANDAL COLEMAN 

Thomas Randal Coleman, Attorney-in-Fact 

52 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All other financial statement schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information has been presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
  
   53 

ANNUAL REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL 
  CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
  Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company and our consolidated subsidiaries; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company and our consolidated subsidiaries are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company and our consolidated subsidiaries, as appropriate; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the assets of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company and our consolidated subsidiaries that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
  Management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016  , the end of our fiscal year.  Management based its assessment on criteria established in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  Management s assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies and our overall control environment.  This assessment is supported by testing and monitoring performed under the direction of management.  As allowed by the SEC guidance, management excluded from the assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Gavita Holdings B.V. and its subsidiaries and a Canadian growing media operation, which were acquired in fiscal 2016.  These acquisitions constituted   9.5%   of total assets,   1.4%   and   0.5%   of revenues and net income, respectively, included in our consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.  
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluations of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control over financial reporting will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. 
  Based on our assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of   September 30, 2016  , to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  We reviewed the results of management s assessment with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company. 
  Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte   Touche LLP, independently audited our internal control over financial reporting as of   September 30, 2016   and has issued their attestation report which appears herein. 
    
                       /s/    JAMES HAGEDORN     
      
    /s/    THOMAS RANDAL COLEMAN   
      James Hagedorn 
      
    Thomas Randal Coleman 
      Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: 
    November 28, 2016 
      
    Dated: 
    November 28, 2016 

54 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
  The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
  Marysville, Ohio 
    
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016.  Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15.  These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company s management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits. 
    
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
    
  In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 
    
  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated   November 28, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

55 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
  The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
  Marysville, Ohio 
    
  We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As described in Annual Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Gavita Holdings B.V. and its subsidiaries and a Canadian growing media operation which were acquired in fiscal 2016.  These acquisitions constituted   9.5%   of total assets,   1.4%   and   0.5%   of revenues and net income, respectively, included in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Gavita International BV. The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Annual Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
    
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
    
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
    
  Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
    
  In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
    
  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016 of the Company and our report dated   November 28, 2016   expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedules. 

56 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (In millions, except per share data) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

57 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (In millions) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

58 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In millions) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   59 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In millions, except stated value per share) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

60 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity 
  (In millions, except per share data) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   61 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Nature of Operations 
  The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company ( Scotts Miracle-Gro  or  Parent ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, together with Scotts Miracle-Gro, the  Company ) are engaged in the manufacturing, marketing and sale of consumer branded products for lawn and garden care.  The Company s primary customers include home centers, mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs, large hardware chains, independent hardware stores, nurseries, garden centers, food and drug stores, and indoor gardening and hydroponic stores.  The Company s products are sold primarily in North America and the European Union.  
  Prior to April 13, 2016, the Company operated the Scotts LawnService        business (the  SLS Business ), which provided residential and commercial lawn care, tree and shrub care and pest control services in the United States.  On April 13, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Contribution and Distribution Agreement (the  Contribution Agreement ) between the Company and TruGreen Holding Corporation ( TruGreen Holdings ), the Company completed the contribution of the SLS Business to a newly formed subsidiary of TruGreen Holdings (the  TruGreen Joint Venture ) in exchange for a minority equity interest of   30%   in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  As a result, effective in its second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company classified its results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities of the SLS Business as held for sale.  See  NOTE 2.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  and  NOTE 8.  INVESTMENT IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES  for further discussion. Refer to  NOTE 22.  SEGMENT INFORMATION  for discussion of the Company s new reportable segments identified effective in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. 
  In March 2014, the Company completed the sale of its U.S. and Canadian wild bird food business.  As a result, effective in the second quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company classified its results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the wild bird food business as a discontinued operation.  
  Due to the nature of the consumer lawn and garden business, the majority of the Company s sales to customers occur in the Company s second and third fiscal quarters.  On a combined basis, net sales for the second and third quarters of the last three fiscal years represented in excess of   75%   of the Company s annual net sales.  
  The Company follows a 13-week quarterly accounting cycle pursuant to which the first three fiscal quarters end on a Saturday and the fiscal year always ends on September 30.  This fiscal calendar convention requires the Company to cycle forward the first three fiscal quarter ends every six years.  Fiscal 2016 is the most recent year impacted by this process and, as a result, the first quarter of fiscal 2016 had six additional days and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 had five fewer days compared to the corresponding quarters of fiscal 2015.  
  Organization and Basis of Presentation 
  The Company s consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Scotts Miracle-Gro and its subsidiaries.  All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.  The Company s consolidation criteria are based on majority ownership (as evidenced by a majority voting interest in the entity) and an objective evaluation and determination of effective management control.  AeroGrow International, Inc. ( AeroGrow ), and Gavita Holdings B.V., and its subsidiaries (collectively,  Gavita ), in which the Company has controlling interests, are consolidated, with the equity owned by other shareholders shown as noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the other shareholders  portion of net earnings and other comprehensive income shown as net income (loss) or comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, respectively.  
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and related disclosures.  Although these estimates are based on management s best knowledge of current events and actions the Company may undertake in the future, actual results ultimately may differ from the estimates. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  Revenue is recognized when title and risk of loss transfer, which generally occurs when products or services are received by the retail customer.  Provisions for estimated returns and allowances are recorded at the time revenue is recognized based on  
  
   62 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

historical rates and are periodically adjusted for known changes in return levels.  Outbound shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales. 
  Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Exclusive Agency and Marketing Agreement (the  Marketing Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has served, since its 1998 fiscal year, as the exclusive agent to the Monsanto Company ( Monsanto ) for the marketing and distribution of consumer Roundup        herbicide products, the Company performs certain functions, primarily manufacturing conversion services (in North America), distribution and logistics, and selling and marketing support, on behalf of Monsanto in the conduct of the consumer Roundup        business.  The actual costs incurred for these activities are charged to and reimbursed by Monsanto.  The Company records costs incurred under the Marketing Agreement for which the Company is the primary obligor on a gross basis, recognizing such costs in the  Cost of sales  line and the reimbursement of these costs in the  Net sales  line in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, with no effect on gross profit dollars or net income. 
  Under the terms of the Marketing, R D and Ancillary Services Agreement (the  Services Agreement ) with Bonnie Plants, Inc. ( Bonnie ) and its sole shareholder, Alabama Farmers Cooperative, Inc. ( AFC ), entered into in the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company provides marketing, research and development and certain ancillary services to Bonnie for reimbursement of certain costs and a commission fee earned based on a percentage of the growth in earnings before interest, income taxes and amortization of Bonnie s business of planting, growing, developing, manufacturing, distributing, marketing, and selling live plants, plant food, fertilizer and potting soil (the  Bonnie Business ).  The commission earned under the Services Agreement is included in the  Net sales  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  Additionally, the Company records costs incurred under the Services Agreement for which the Company is the primary obligor on a gross basis, recognizing such costs in the  Cost of sales  line and the reimbursement of these costs in the  Net sales  line, with no effect on gross profit dollars or net income. 
  Promotional Allowances 
  The Company promotes its branded products through, among other things, cooperative advertising programs with retailers.  Retailers may also be offered in-store promotional allowances and rebates based on sales volumes.  Certain products are promoted with direct consumer rebate programs and special purchasing incentives.  Promotion costs (including allowances and rebates) incurred during the year are expensed to interim periods in relation to revenues and are recorded as a reduction of net sales.  Accruals for expected payouts under these programs are included in the  Other current liabilities  line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  Advertising 
  Advertising costs incurred during the year are expensed to interim periods in relation to revenues.  All advertising costs, except for external production costs, are expensed within the fiscal year in which such costs are incurred.  External production costs for advertising programs are deferred until the period in which the advertising is first aired.  The costs deferred at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $0.2 million   and   $0.7 million  , respectively. 
  Advertising expenses were   $132.2 million   in   fiscal 2016  ,   $133.2 million   in   fiscal 2015   and   $132.1 million   in   fiscal 2014  . 
  Research and Development 
  All costs associated with research and development are charged to expense as incurred.  Expenses for   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014   were   $45.5 million  ,   $44.4 million   and   $46.0 million  , respectively, including product registration costs of   $14.3 million  ,   $13.0 million   and   $12.5 million  , respectively. 
  Environmental Costs 
  The Company recognizes environmental liabilities when conditions requiring remediation are probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.  Expenditures which extend the life of the related property or mitigate or prevent future environmental contamination are capitalized.  Environmental liabilities are not discounted or reduced for possible recoveries from insurance carriers. 
  Share-Based Compensation Awards 
  The fair value of awards is expensed over the requisite service period which is typically the vesting period, generally three years, except in cases where employees are eligible for accelerated vesting based on having satisfied retirement requirements relating to age and years of service.  Performance-based awards are expensed over the requisite service period based on achievement of performance criteria.  The Company uses a binomial model to determine the fair value of its option grants.  The Company classifies share-based compensation expense within selling, general and administrative expenses to correspond with the same line item as cash compensation paid to employees. 
  
   63 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Earnings per Common Share 
  Basic earnings per Common Share is computed based on the weighted-average number of Common Shares outstanding each period.  Diluted earnings per Common Share is computed based on the weighted-average number of Common Shares and dilutive potential Common Shares (stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares and restricted stock unit awards) outstanding each period. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  The Company considers all highly liquid financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  The Company maintains cash deposits in banks which from time to time exceed the amount of deposit insurance available.  Management periodically assesses the financial condition of the Company s banks and believes that the risk of any potential credit loss is minimal. 
  Accounts Receivable and Allowances 
  Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest.  Allowances for doubtful accounts reflect the Company s estimate of amounts in its existing accounts receivable that may not be collected due to customer claims or customer inability or unwillingness to pay.  The allowance is determined based on a combination of factors, including the Company s risk assessment regarding the credit worthiness of its customers, historical collection experience and length of time the receivables are past due.  Account balances are charged off against the allowance when the Company believes it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. 
  Inventories 
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, principally determined by the first in, first out method of accounting.  Inventories include the cost of raw materials, labor, manufacturing overhead and freight and in-bound handling costs incurred to pre-position goods in the Company s warehouse network.  The Company makes provisions for obsolete or slow-moving inventories as necessary to properly reflect inventory at the lower of cost or market value.  Adjustments to reflect inventories at net realizable values were   $10.8 million   and   $17.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  Loans Receivable 
  Loans receivable are carried at outstanding principal amount, and are recognized in the  Other assets  line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Loans receivable are impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  If it is determined that an impairment has occurred, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the present value of expected future cash flows and recorded within  Operating expenses  in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis, and is recognized in the  Other income, net  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
  Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis, and is recognized in the  Other income, net  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  Interest income was   $3.9 million   for fiscal 2016 and zero for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014. 
  Long-Lived Assets 
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost.  Interest capitalized in property, plant and equipment amounted to   $0.3 million  ,   $0.4 million   and   $0.4 million   during   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively.  Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.  When properties are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost of the asset and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with the resulting gain or loss being reflected in income from operations. 
  
   64 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is provided on the straight-line method and is based on the estimated useful economic lives of the assets as follows:    

Intangible assets subject to amortization include technology, such as patents, customer relationships, non-compete agreements and certain tradenames.  These intangible assets are being amortized over their estimated useful economic lives, which typically range from   3 to 25 years  .  The Company s fixed assets and intangible assets subject to amortization are required to be tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable.  If an evaluation of recoverability was required, the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with the asset would be compared to the asset s carrying amount to determine if a write-down is required.  If the undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds fair value and classified as  Impairment, restructuring and other charges  within  Operating expenses  in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  The Company had non-cash investing activities of   $12.4 million  ,   $8.5 million   and   $7.0 million   during   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively, representing unpaid liabilities incurred during each fiscal year to acquire property, plant and equipment. 
  Statements of Cash Flows 
  Supplemental cash flow information was as follows for   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  :   

  The Company uses the  cumulative earnings  approach for determining cash flow presentation of distributions from unconsolidated affiliates.  Distributions received are included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as operating activities, unless the cumulative distributions exceed the portion of the cumulative equity in the net earnings of the unconsolidated affiliate, in which case the excess distributions are deemed to be returns of the investment and are classified as investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
  Internal Use Software 
  The costs of internal use software are expensed or capitalized depending on whether they are incurred in the preliminary project stage, application development stage or the post-implementation/operation stage.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company had   $11.3 million   and   $18.3 million  , respectively, in unamortized capitalized internal use computer software costs.  Amortization of these costs was   $6.8 million  ,   $6.0 million   and   $8.3 million   during   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively. 
  
   65 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
  Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization.  Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment by applying a fair-value based test on an annual basis, as of the first day of the Company s fiscal fourth quarter, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred.  With respect to goodwill, the Company performs either a qualitative or quantitative evaluation for each of its reporting units.  Factors considered in the qualitative test include reporting unit specific operating results as well as new events and circumstances impacting the operations of the reporting units.  For the quantitative test, the Company assesses goodwill for impairment by comparing the carrying value of its reporting units to their respective fair values and reviewing the Company s market value of invested capital.  A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment.  The Company has identified five reporting units.  The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units under the income-based approach utilizing discounted cash flows and incorporates assumptions it believes marketplace participants would utilize.  The Company also uses a comparative market-based approach using market multiples and other factors to corroborate the discounted cash flow results used.  
  With respect to indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company performs either a qualitative or quantitative evaluation for each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets.  Factors considered in the qualitative test include indefinite-lived intangible asset specific operating results as well as new events and circumstances impacting the cash flows of the indefinite-lived intangible assets.  For the quantitative test, the value of all indefinite-lived intangible assets is determined under the income-based approach utilizing discounted cash flows and incorporating assumptions the Company believes marketplace participants would utilize.  For tradenames, value was determined using a royalty savings methodology similar to that employed when the associated businesses were acquired but using updated estimates of sales, cash flow and profitability.  If it is determined that an impairment has occurred, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value and classified as  Impairment, restructuring and other charges  within  Operating expenses  in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  Insurance and Self-Insurance 
  The Company maintains insurance for certain risks, including workers  compensation, general liability and vehicle liability, and is self-insured for employee-related health care benefits up to a specified level for individual claims.  The Company accrues for the expected costs associated with these risks by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other relevant information.  Costs are recognized in the period the claim is incurred, and accruals include an actuarially determined estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. 
  Income Taxes 
  The Company uses the asset and liability method to account for income taxes.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement amounts and their respective tax bases.  Management reviews the Company s deferred tax assets to determine whether their value can be realized based upon available evidence.  A valuation allowance is established when management believes that it is more likely than not that some portion of its deferred tax assets will not be realized.  Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the Company s tax provision in the period of change. 
  The Company establishes a liability for tax return positions in which there is uncertainty as to whether or not the position will ultimately be sustained.  Amounts for uncertain tax positions are adjusted in quarters when new information becomes available or when positions are effectively settled.  The Company recognizes interest expense and penalties related to these unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. 
  U.S. income tax expense and foreign withholding taxes are provided on unremitted foreign earnings that are not indefinitely reinvested at the time the earnings are generated.  Where foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested, no provision for U.S. income or foreign withholding taxes is made.  When circumstances change and the Company determines that some or all of the undistributed earnings will be remitted in the foreseeable future, the Company accrues an expense in the current period for U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes attributable to the anticipated remittance. 
  
   66 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Translation of Foreign Currencies 
  The functional currency for each Scotts Miracle-Gro subsidiary is generally its local currency.  Assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated at the exchange rate in effect at each fiscal year-end.  Income and expense accounts are translated at the average rate of exchange prevailing during the year.  Translation gains and losses arising from the use of differing exchange rates from period to period are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within shareholders  equity.  Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in the determination of net income and classified as  Other income, net  in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  Derivative Instruments 
  The Company is exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices.  A variety of financial instruments, including forward and swap contracts, are used to manage these exposures.  These financial instruments are recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and all changes in fair value are recognized in net income or shareholders  equity through accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  The Company s objective in managing these exposures is to better control these elements of cost and mitigate the earnings and cash flow volatility associated with changes in the applicable rates and prices. 
  The Company has established policies and procedures that encompass risk-management philosophy and objectives, guidelines for derivative-instrument usage, counterparty credit approval, and the monitoring and reporting of derivative activity.  The Company does not enter into derivative instruments for the purpose of speculation. 
  The Company formally designates and documents instruments at inception that qualify for hedge accounting of underlying exposures in accordance with GAAP.  The Company formally assesses, both at inception and at least quarterly, whether the financial instruments used in hedging transactions are effective at offsetting changes in cash flows of the related underlying exposure.  Fluctuations in the value of these instruments generally are offset by changes in the cash flows of the underlying exposures being hedged.  This offset is driven by the high degree of effectiveness between the exposure being hedged and the hedging instrument.  GAAP requires all derivative instruments to be recognized as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The Company designates commodity hedges as cash flow hedges of forecasted purchases of commodities and interest rate swap agreements as cash flow hedges of interest payments on variable rate borrowings.  Any ineffective portion of a change in the fair value of a qualifying instrument is immediately recognized in earnings.  
  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued amended accounting guidance that replaces most existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP.  This guidance requires companies to recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which a company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  The new standard also will result in enhanced disclosures about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.  Subsequently, additional guidance was issued on several areas including guidance intended to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation of principal versus agent considerations and clarifications on the identification of performance obligations and implementation of guidance related to licensing.  The provisions are effective for the Company s financial statements no later than the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2018.  The standard allows for either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective transition method.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
  Discontinued Operations Reporting 
  In April 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that amends the accounting guidance related to discontinued operations.  This amendment defines discontinued operations as a component or group of components that is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity s operations and financial results.  This amendment also introduces new disclosures for disposals that do not meet the criteria of discontinued operations.  The provisions are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2014 and apply to new disposals and new classifications of disposal groups as held for sale after the effective date.  The adoption of the amended guidance impacts presentation and disclosure of future divestitures and did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  
   67 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Going Concern 
  In April 2014, the FASB issued a new accounting standard that requires management to assess if there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern for each annual and interim period.  If conditions or events give rise to substantial doubt, disclosures are required.  The new accounting standard will be effective as of December 31, 2016 and is not expected to have an impact on the Company s financial statement disclosures. 
  Inventory 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that requires inventory to be measured  at the lower of cost and net realizable value,  thereby simplifying the current guidance that requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost or market (market in this context is defined as one of three different measures, one of which is net realizable value).  The provisions are effective prospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Debt Issuance Costs 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the corresponding debt liability rather than as an asset.  The provisions are effective retrospectively for the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2016.  The adoption of the amended guidance impacts presentation and disclosure of debt issuance costs and is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  The Company had unamortized debt issuance costs of   $16.7 million   and   $11.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Cloud Computing Arrangements 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that clarifies how customers in cloud computing arrangements should determine whether the arrangement includes a software license, and requires acquired software licenses to be accounted for as licenses of intangible assets.  The provisions are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Business Combinations 
  In September 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to simplify the accounting for measurement-period adjustments by requiring an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined, and requiring disclosure of the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date.  The provisions are effective prospectively for the Company s financial statements no later than the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2016 and are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Income Taxes 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring that deferred income tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.  The provisions are effective for the Company s financial statements no later than the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2017.  The standard allows for either a retrospective or prospective transition method and is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  At   September 30, 2016  , net current deferred tax assets classified with prepaid and other current assets were   $62.1 million  .  
  Leases 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update which significantly changes the accounting for leases.  This guidance requires lessees to recognize a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.  The provisions are effective for the Company s financial statements no later than the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2019 and require a modified retrospective transition approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
  
   68 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Share-Based Compensation 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update that simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.  The provisions are effective for the Company s financial statements no later than the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2017.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

NOTE 2.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
  Scotts LawnService       
  On April 13, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the Contribution Agreement, the Company completed the contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture in exchange for a minority equity interest of   30%   in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  As a result, effective in its second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company classified its results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities of the SLS Business as held for sale.  The Company s gain on the contribution of   $131.2 million  , partially offset by the provision for deferred income taxes of   $51.9 million  , has been recorded in fiscal 2016 within results from discontinued operations.  
  Wild Bird Food 
  In March 2014, the Company completed the sale of its U.S. and Canadian wild bird food business, including intangible assets, certain on-hand inventory and fixed assets, for   $4.1 million   in cash and   $1.0 million   in earn-out payments.   As a result, effective in the second quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company classified its results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the wild bird food business as a discontinued operation.  In addition, in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company received   $3.1 million   for the sale of the remaining wild bird food manufacturing facilities resulting in a gain of   $1.2 million  .  
  The following table summarizes the results of the SLS Business and the wild bird food business within discontinued operations for each of the periods presented:   

69 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following table summarizes the major classes of assets and liabilities of the SLS Business for each of the periods presented: 

The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows do not present the cash flows from discontinued operations separately from cash flows from continuing operations.  Cash provided by operating activities from the SLS Business was   $26.8 million  ,   $28.2 million   and   $19.2 million   for fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively.  Cash used in investing activities related to the SLS Business was   $1.4 million  ,   $24.3 million   and   $3.4 million   for fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. 

NOTE 3.  IMPAIRMENT, RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER CHARGES 
  Activity described herein is classified within the  Cost of sales impairment, restructuring and other,   Impairment, restructuring and other  and  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax  lines in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  The following table details impairment, restructuring and other charges during   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  :    

70 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following table summarizes the activity related to liabilities associated with the restructuring and other, excluding insurance reimbursement recoveries, during   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  : 

Included in the restructuring reserves, as of   September 30, 2016  , is   $1.5 million   that is classified as long-term.  Payments against the long-term reserves will be incurred as the employees covered by the restructuring plan retire or through the passage of time.  The remaining amounts reserved will continue to be paid out over the course of the next twelve months.   
    
  Fiscal 2016 
    
  In the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company announced a series of initiatives called Project Focus designed to maximize the value of its non-core assets and focus on emerging categories of the lawn and garden industry in its core U.S. business.  On April 13, 2016, as part of this project, the Company completed the contribution of the SLS Business to the TruGreen Joint Venture.  As a result, effective in its second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company classified its results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities of the SLS Business as held for sale.  Refer to  NOTE 2.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  for more information.  During fiscal 2016, the Company recognized a charge of   $9.0 million   for the resolution of a prior SLS Business litigation matter, as well as   $4.6 million   in transaction related costs associated with the divestiture of the SLS Business within the  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  In addition, during fiscal 2016, the Company recognized restructuring costs related to termination benefits of   $3.4 million   within the U.S. Consumer segment and   $2.0 million   within the Europe Consumer segment, as well as costs of   $4.6 million   related to other transaction activity within the  Impairment, restructuring and other  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
    
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company s U.S. Consumer segment began experiencing an increase in certain consumer complaints related to the reformulated Bonus        S fertilizer product sold in the southeastern United States during fiscal 2015 indicating customers were experiencing damage to their lawns after application.  During fiscal 2016, the Company recognized   $6.4 million   in costs related to resolving these consumer complaints and the recognition of costs the Company expects to incur for current and expected consumer claims.  Costs incurred through   September 30, 2016   since the inception of this matter, excluding insurance reimbursement recoveries, are   $73.8 million  .  The Company has received reimbursement payments of   $60.8 million   through the end of fiscal 2016, including   $40.9 million   received during fiscal 2016.  The Company recorded offsetting insurance reimbursement recoveries upon resolution of the insurer s review of claim documentation in the amount of   $4.9 million   in fiscal 2015 and   $55.9 million   in fiscal 2016. 
    
  Fiscal 2015 
    
  During fiscal 2015, the Company recognized   $22.2 million   in restructuring costs related to termination benefits provided to U.S. and international personnel as part of the Company s restructuring of its U.S. administrative and overhead functions, the continuation of the international profitability improvement initiative and the liquidation and exit from the U.K. Solus business.  The restructuring costs for fiscal 2015 include   $4.3 million   of costs related to the acceleration of equity compensation expense, and were comprised of   $3.7 million   related to the U.S. Consumer segment,   $10.3 million   related to the Europe Consumer segment,   $0.2 million   related to the Other segment and   $6.6 million   related to Corporate.  In addition, costs of   $1.4 million   related to the SLS Business were recognized within the  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
    
  During fiscal 2015, the Company recognized   $62.4 million   in costs related to consumer complaints and claims related to the reformulated Bonus        S fertilizer product sold in the southeastern United States during fiscal 2015. 

71 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Fiscal 2014 
  During the third quarter of fiscal 2014, as a result of financial performance, the Company recognized an impairment charge for a non-recurring fair value adjustment of   $33.7 million   within the U.S. Consumer segment related to the Ortho        brand.  The fair value was calculated based upon the evaluation of the historical performance and future growth expectations of the Ortho        business. 
  During fiscal 2014, the Company recognized   $12.5 million   in restructuring costs related to termination benefits provided to U.S. personnel as part of the Company s restructuring of its U.S. administrative and overhead functions, including   $1.0 million   related to the SLS Business recognized within the  Income from discontinued operations, net of tax  line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  The Company also recognized   $2.8 million   of international restructuring and other adjustments during fiscal 2014 for the continuation of the profitability improvement initiative announced in December 2012, associated with the international restructuring plan to reduce headcount and streamline management decision making.  In addition, during fiscal 2014, the Company recognized   $2.0 million   in additional ongoing monitoring and remediation costs for the Company s turfgrass biotechnology program.  

NOTE 4.  GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET 
  The following table displays a rollforward of the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment:    

72 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following table presents intangible assets, net:    

Fiscal 2016    
  As a result of the annual impairment review in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company determined that no charges for impairment of goodwill or intangible assets were required.  The estimated fair value of each reporting unit with a significant goodwill balance was substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual test date.  Each of the indefinite-lived tradenames, the Marketing Agreement Amendment, and Brand Extension Agreement had an estimated fair value substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual test date. 
    
  Fiscal 2015    
  As a result of the annual impairment review, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company determined that no charges for impairment of goodwill or intangible assets were required.  The estimated fair value of each reporting unit with a significant goodwill balance was substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual test date.  Each of the indefinite-lived tradenames had an estimated fair value substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual test date, with the exception of the Ortho        
  brand. 
    
  Fiscal 2014    
  During the third quarter of 2014, the Company completed an impairment review and recognized an impairment charge for a non-recurring fair value adjustment of   $33.7 million  , within the U.S. Consumer segment related to the Ortho        brand.  The fair value was calculated based upon the evaluation of the historical performance and future growth expectations of the Ortho        business. The impact of the fair value adjustment was to reduce the carrying value of the indefinite-lived Ortho        brand and sub-brands from   $126.0 million   to   $92.3 million  .  The impairment charge is discussed further in  NOTE 3.  IMPAIRMENT, RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER CHARGES.   As a result of the annual impairment review, the Company also determined that no other charges for impairment of goodwill or intangible assets were required.  The estimated fair value of each reporting unit with a significant goodwill balance was substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual test date.  Each of the indefinite-lived tradenames had an estimated fair value substantially in excess of its carrying value as of the annual test date, with the exception of the Ortho        brand. 
  
   73 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Total amortization expense for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   was   $18.8 million  ,   $15.7 million   and   $13.0 million  , respectively.  Amortization expense is estimated to be as follows for the years ending September 30 (in millions):  

NOTE 5.  DETAIL OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL STATEMENT ACCOUNTS 
    
  The following is detail of certain financial statement accounts: 

74 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

NOTE 6.  MARKETING AGREEMENT 
  The Scotts Company LLC ( Scotts LLC ) and Monsanto are parties to the Marketing Agreement, pursuant to which the Company has served since its 1998 fiscal year, as Monsanto s exclusive agent for the marketing and distribution of consumer Roundup        herbicide products (with additional rights to new products containing glyphosate or other similar non-selective herbicides) in the consumer lawn and garden market.  Under the terms of the Marketing Agreement, the Company is entitled to receive an annual commission from Monsanto as consideration for the performance of the Company s duties as agent.  The annual gross commission under the Marketing Agreement is calculated as a percentage of the actual earnings before interest and income taxes of the consumer Roundup        business in the markets covered by the Marketing Agreement subject to the achievement of annual earnings thresholds.  The Marketing Agreement also requires the Company to make annual payments of   $20.0 million   to Monsanto as a contribution against the overall expenses of the consumer Roundup        business.  From 1998 until May 15, 2015, the Marketing Agreement covered the United States and other specified countries, including Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.  On May 15, 2015, the territories were expanded to cover additional countries as outlined below. 
  In consideration for the rights granted to the Company under the Marketing Agreement in 1998, the Company paid a marketing fee of   $32 million   to Monsanto.  The Company deferred this amount on the basis that the payment will provide a future benefit through commissions that will be earned under the Marketing Agreement.  The economic useful life over which the marketing fee is being amortized is   twenty   years, with a remaining unamortized amount of   $1.6 million   and remaining amortization period of   two   years as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  On May 15, 2015, the Company and Monsanto entered into an Amendment to the Marketing Agreement (the  Marketing Agreement Amendment ), a Lawn and Garden Brand Extension Agreement (the  Brand Extension Agreement ) and a Commercialization and Technology Agreement (the  Commercialization and Technology Agreement ).  In consideration for these agreements, the Company paid   $300.0 million   to Monsanto on August 14, 2015 using borrowings under its credit facility.  
  Among other things, the Marketing Agreement Amendment amends the Marketing Agreement in the following significant respects: 
  
   75 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Expands the territories in which the Company may serve as Monsanto s exclusive agent in the consumer lawn and garden market to include all countries other than Japan and countries subject to a comprehensive U.S. trade embargo or certain other embargoes and trade restrictions. 
                
    Eliminates the initial and renewal terms that the original Marketing Agreement applied to European Union ( EU ) countries.  As amended, the term of the Marketing Agreement will now continue indefinitely for all included markets, including EU countries within the included markets, unless and until otherwise terminated in accordance with the Marketing Agreement. 
                
    Revises the procedures of the Marketing Agreement relating to a potential sale of the consumer Roundup        business to (1) require Monsanto to negotiate exclusively with the Company with respect to any potential Roundup        sale for 60 days after the Company receives notice from Monsanto regarding a potential Roundup        sale and (2) provide the Company with a right of first offer and a right of last look in connection with a potential Roundup        sale to a third party. In addition, if the Company makes a bid in connection with a Roundup        sale, the then-applicable termination fee would serve as a credit against the purchase price and the Monsanto board of directors would not be permitted to discount the value of the Company s bid compared to a competing bid as a result of the termination fee discount. 
                
    Requires the Company to (1) provide notice to Monsanto of certain proposals and processes that may result in a sale of the Company and (2) conduct non-exclusive negotiations with Monsanto with respect to such a sale. 
                
    Increases the minimum termination fee payable under the Marketing Agreement to the greater of (1)   $200.0 million   or (2)   four   times (A) the average of the program earnings before interest or income taxes for the three trailing program years prior to the year of termination, minus (B) the 2015 program earnings before interest or income taxes. 
                
    Amends Monsanto s termination rights and provides additional rights to the Company in the event of a termination, as follows: 
                
    delays the effectiveness of a notice of termination given by Monsanto as a result of a change of control with respect to Monsanto or a sale of the consumer Roundup        business to a third party from (1) the end of the later of 12 months or the next program year to (2) the end of the fifth full program year after Monsanto gives such notice; 
                
    eliminates Monsanto s termination rights for a regional performance default, a change of significant ownership of the Company or an uncured or incurable egregious injury (as each is defined in the Marketing Agreement); and 
                
    eliminates Monsanto s termination rights in connection with a change in control of the Company or Scotts Miracle-Gro as long as the Company has determined, in its reasonable commercial opinion, that the acquirer can and will fully perform the duties and obligations of the Company under the Marketing Agreement. 
                
    Expands the Company s termination rights to include termination for a brand decline event (as defined in the Marketing Agreement Amendment) occurring before program year 2023.  
                
    Expands the Company s assignment rights to allow the Company to transfer its rights, interests and obligations under the Marketing Agreement with respect to (1) the North America territories and (2) one or more other included markets for up to three other assignments. 
                
    Amends the commission structure by (1) eliminating the commission threshold for program years 2016, 2017 and 2018, (2) setting the commission threshold for the subsequent program years at   $40 million   and (3) establishing the commission payable by Monsanto to the Company for each program year at an amount equal to   50%   of the program earnings before interest and income taxes for such program year. 
     The Brand Extension Agreement provides the Company a worldwide, exclusive license to use the Roundup        brand on additional products offered by the Company outside of the non-selective weed category within the residential lawn and garden market.  The application of the Roundup        brand to these additional products is subject to a product review and approval process developed between the Company and Monsanto.  Monsanto will maintain oversight of its brand, the handling of brand registrations covering these new products and new territories, as well as primary responsibility for brand enforcement.  The Brand Extension Agreement has an initial term of twenty years, which will automatically renew for additional successive twenty year terms, at the Company s sole option, for no additional monetary consideration.  
  
   76 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The Commercialization and Technology Agreement provides for the Company and Monsanto to further develop and commercialize new products and technology developed at Monsanto and intended for introduction into the residential lawn and garden market.  Under the Commercialization and Technology Agreement, the Company receives an exclusive first look at new Monsanto technology and products and an annual review of Monsanto s developing products and technologies.  The Commercialization and Technology Agreement has a term of thirty years (subject to early termination upon a termination event under the Marketing Agreement or the Brand Extension Agreement).  
  The Company recorded the   $300.0 million   consideration paid by the Company to Monsanto in connection with the entry into the Marketing Agreement Amendment, the Brand Extension Agreement and the Commercialization and Technology Agreement as intangible assets and the related economic useful life of such assets is indefinite.  The identifiable intangible assets include the Marketing Agreement Amendment and the Brand Extension Agreement with allocated fair value of   $188.3 million   and   $111.7 million  , respectively.  The estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets were determined using an income-based approach, which includes market participant expectations of cash flows that an asset will generate over the remaining useful life discounted to present value using an appropriate rate of return.  
  Under the terms of the Marketing Agreement, the Company performs certain functions, primarily manufacturing conversion services (in North America), distribution and logistics, and selling and marketing support, on behalf of Monsanto in the conduct of the consumer Roundup        business.  The actual costs incurred for these activities are charged to and reimbursed by Monsanto.  The Company records costs incurred under the Marketing Agreement for which the Company is the primary obligor on a gross basis, recognizing such costs in the  Cost of sales  line and the reimbursement of these costs in the  Net sales  line in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, with no effect on gross profit dollars or net income. 
  The gross commission earned under the Marketing Agreement, the contribution payments to Monsanto and the amortization of the initial marketing fee paid to Monsanto in 1998 are included in the calculation of net sales in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  The elements of the net commission and reimbursements earned under the Marketing Agreement and included in  Net sales  are as follows: 

NOTE 7.  ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTMENTS 
  Fiscal 2016 
  On May 26, 2016, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary The Hawthorne Gardening Company, acquired majority control and a   75%   economic interest in Gavita for   $136.2 million  .  The remaining   25%   interest was retained by Gavita s former ownership group.  This transaction provides the Company s Other segment with a presence in the lighting category of indoor and urban gardening, which is a part of the Company s long-term growth strategy.  Gavita, which is based in the Netherlands, is a leading producer and marketer of indoor lighting used in the greenhouse and hydroponic markets, predominately in the United States and Europe.  The purchase price includes contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of   $2.5 million  , the payment of which will depend on the performance of the business through calendar year 2019.  The preliminary valuation of the acquired assets included (i)   $6.4 million   of cash, prepaid and other current assets, (ii)   $38.3 million   of inventory and accounts receivable, (iii)   $1.5 million   in fixed assets, (iv)   $18.7 million   of accounts payable and other current liabilities, (v)   $5.5 million   of short term debt, (vi)   $102.6 million   of finite-lived identifiable intangible assets, (vii)   $82.7 million   of goodwill, and (viii)   $25.7 million   of deferred tax liabilities.  Identifiable intangible assets included tradenames, customer relationships and non-compete arrangements with useful lives ranging between   5   and   25 years  .  The estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets were determined using an income-based approach, which includes market participant expectations of cash flows that an asset will generate over the remaining useful life discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.  Net sales for Gavita included within the Other segment for fiscal 2016 were   $35.7 million  .  Gavita s former ownership group has retained a   25%   noncontrolling interest in Gavita consisting of ownership of   5%   of the outstanding shares of Gavita and a loan with interest payable based on distributions  
  
   77 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

by Gavita.  The loan represents a non-cash financing activity and has been recorded at fair value in the  Long-term debt  line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The preliminary valuation of the loan was   $37.7 million  .  The fair value measurement was classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  In the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company completed an acquisition within the Other segment to expand its Canadian growing media operations for an estimated purchase price of   $33.9 million  .  The purchase price includes contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of   $10.8 million  , the payment of which will depend on the performance of the business in fiscal years 2016 and 2017.  The preliminary valuation of the acquired assets included (i)   $4.7 million   of inventory and accounts receivable, (ii)   $18.6 million   in fixed assets, (iii)   $11.4 million   of finite-lived identifiable intangible assets, (iv)   $1.4 million   of deferred tax liabilities, (v) an investment in an unconsolidated joint venture of   $0.7 million   and (vi)   $2.1 million   of goodwill.  Identifiable intangible assets included peat bog lease rights, tradenames, customer relationships and non-compete arrangements with useful lives ranging between   5   and   25 years  .  The estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets were determined using an income-based approach, which includes market participant expectations of cash flows that an asset will generate over the remaining useful life discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.  Net sales related to this acquisition included within the Other segment for fiscal 2016 were   $6.4 million  . 
  These acquisitions include non-cash investing activities of   $13.3 million   representing contingent consideration.  The payment of these amounts will depend on the future performance of the business, subject to adjustment for certain contractually defined metrics. 
  On October 3, 2016, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary The Hawthorne Gardening Company, completed the acquisition of American Agritech, L.L.C., d/b/a Botanicare, an Arizona-based leading producer of plant nutrients, plant supplements and growing systems used for hydroponic gardening for an estimated purchase price of   $90.0 million  .  
  In the second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company entered into definitive agreements with Bonnie and its sole shareholder, AFC, providing for the Company s participation in the Bonnie Business.  The Company s participation includes a Term Loan Agreement from the Company to AFC, with Bonnie as guarantor, in the amount of   $72.0 million   with a fixed coupon rate of   6.95%   (the  Term Loan ) as well as a Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company will provide marketing, research and development and certain ancillary services to the Bonnie Business for a commission fee based on the profits of the Bonnie Business and the reimbursement of certain costs.  These agreements also include options beginning in fiscal 2020 that provide for either (i) the Company to increase its economic interest in the Bonnie Business or (ii) AFC and Bonnie to repurchase the Company s economic interest in the Bonnie Business.  During fiscal 2016, the Company recognized commission fees of   $3.6 million   and recognized cost reimbursements of   $0.6 million  , respectively. 
  The Company s option to increase its economic interest in the Bonnie Business (the  Bonnie Option ) is required to be accounted for as a derivative instrument and is recorded at fair value in the  Other assets  line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with changes in fair value recognized in the  Other income (loss), net  line in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  The estimated fair value of the Bonnie Option was determined using a simulation approach, whereby the total value of the loan receivable and optional exchange for additional equity was estimated considering a distribution of possible future cash flows discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.  The estimated fair value of the Bonnie Option was   $10.9 million   as of September 30, 2016, and the fair value measurement was classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  
  Fiscal 2015 
  On March 30, 2015, the Company acquired the assets of General Hydroponics, Inc. ( General Hydroponics ) and Bio-Organic Solutions, Inc. ( Vermicrop ) for   $120.0 million   and   $15.0 million  , respectively.  This transaction provided the Company s Other segment with an additional entry into the indoor and urban gardening market, which is a part of the Company s long-term growth strategy.  General Hydroponics and Vermicrop are leading producers of liquid plant food products, growing media, and accessories for the hydroponic markets.  The General Hydroponics purchase price included non-cash investing activity of   $1.0 million   representing the deferral of a portion of the purchase price into fiscal 2016, of which   $0.5 million   was paid in the second quarter of fiscal 2016.  The Vermicrop purchase price included   $5.0 million   of contingent consideration, which was paid during the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  The Vermicrop purchase price and contingent consideration was paid in common shares of Scotts Miracle-Gro ( Common Shares ) based on the average share price at the time of payment.  The valuation of the acquired assets was determined during the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and included (i)   $14.2 million   of inventory and accounts receivable, (ii)   $5.7 million   in fixed assets, (iii)   $65.0 million   of finite-lived identifiable intangible assets, and (iv)   $53.9 million   of tax-deductible goodwill.  Identifiable intangible assets included tradenames, customer relationships and non-compete arrangements with useful lives ranging between   5   and   26   years.  The estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets were determined using an income-based approach, which includes market participant expectations of cash flows that an asset will generate over the remaining useful life discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.  Net sales for General Hydroponics and Vermicrop included within the Other segment for   fiscal 2016   and   fiscal 2015   were   $64.1 million   and   $30.9 million  , respectively. 
  
   78 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

During fiscal 2015, the Company completed four acquisitions of growing media operations, two within the U.S. Consumer segment and two within the Other segment, for an aggregate purchase price of   $40.2 million  .  These acquisitions expand the Company s growing media operations and distribution capabilities within its U.S. Consumer and Other segments.  The valuation of the acquired assets for the transactions included (i)   $10.1 million   in finite-lived identifiable intangible assets, (ii)   $11.4 million   in fixed assets, (iii)   $10.6 million   in tax deductible goodwill, and (iv)   $9.9 million   of inventory and accounts receivable.  Identifiable intangible assets include tradenames and customer relationships with useful lives ranging between   7   and   20   years.  The estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets were determined using an income-based approach, which includes market participant expectations of cash flows that an asset will generate over the remaining useful life discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.  
  The consolidated financial statements include the results of operations for these business combinations from the date of each acquisition. 
  Fiscal 2014 
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, the Company obtained control of the operations of AeroGrow through its increased involvement, influence, and working capital loan of   $4.5 million   provided in July 2014.  AeroGrow is a developer, marketer, direct-seller, and wholesaler of advanced indoor garden systems designed for consumer use in gardening, cooking, healthy eating, and home and office d cor markets.  AeroGrow operates primarily in the United States and Canada, as well as Australia and select countries in Europe and Asia.  The valuation of acquired assets included finite-lived identifiable intangible assets of   $13.7 million  , and goodwill of   $11.6 million  .  Identifiable intangible assets included tradename and customer relationships with useful lives ranging between   9   to   20   years.  The estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets were determined using an income-based approach, which includes market participant expectations of cash flows that an asset will generate over the remaining useful life discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.  Net sales for AeroGrow included in the Other segment for   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014   were   $21.4 million  ,   $17.1 million   and   $1.7 million  , respectively. 
  On September 30, 2014, Scotts Miracle-Gro s wholly-owned subsidiary, Scotts Canada Ltd., acquired Fafard   Brothers Ltd. ( Fafard ) for   $59.8 million  .  Fafard is a Canadian based producer of peat moss and growing media products for the consumer and professional markets, including peat-based and bark-based mixes, composts and premium soils.  The acquisition of Fafard increases the Company s presence within Canada as Fafard serves customers primarily across Ontario, Quebec and New Brunswick. The valuation of acquired assets included working capital of   $17.6 million  , property, plant, and equipment of   $23.4 million  , finite-lived identifiable intangible assets of   $12.6 million  , and tax deductible goodwill of   $7.9 million  .  Working capital included accounts receivable of   $4.7 million  , inventory of   $17.7 million  , and accounts payable of   $4.8 million  .  Identifiable intangible assets included tradename, customer relationships, non-compete agreements, and peat harvesting rights with useful lives ranging between   1   to   20   years.  The estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets were determined using an income-based approach, which includes market participant expectations of cash flows that an asset will generate over the remaining useful life discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.  Included in the purchase price of Fafard is   $7.1 million   of contingent consideration, the payment of which will depend on the performance of the business through fiscal 2016.  Net sales for Fafard included in the Other segment for   fiscal 2016   and   fiscal 2015   were   $37.5 million   and   $37.8 million  , respectively. 
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2014, in an effort to expand the rodenticide product offerings, the Company completed the   $60.0 million   all-cash acquisition of the assets of the Tomcat        consumer rodent control business from Bell Laboratories, Inc. located in Madison, Wisconsin.  Tomcat        consumer products are sold at home centers, mass retailers, and grocery, drug and general merchandise stores across the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia.  The valuation of the acquired assets included finite-lived identifiable intangible assets of   $39.8 million  , and tax deductible goodwill of   $18.2 million  .  Also, the Company received a   $2.0 million   credit toward the purchase of finished goods in the months subsequent to acquisition date.  Identifiable intangible assets included tradename, technology, customer relationships, product registrations and non-compete agreements with useful lives ranging between   10   to   30 years  .  The estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets were determined using an income-based approach, which includes market participant expectations of cash flows that an asset will generate over the remaining useful life discounted to present value using an appropriate rate of return.  
  The Company completed an acquisition of the assets of the U.K. based Solus Garden and Leisure Limited ( Solus ) in fiscal 2014 within its Europe Consumer segment for   $7.4 million  ,   $1.1 million   of which was paid in cash and   $6.3 million   of which was paid through the forgiveness of outstanding accounts receivable owed by Solus to the Company.  Solus is a supplier of garden and leisure products and offers a diverse mix of brands.  
  The consolidated financial statements include the results of operations for these business combinations from the date of each acquisition. 

79 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

NOTE 8.  INVESTMENT IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company held a minority equity interest of   30%   in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  This interest was initially recorded at an estimated fair value of   $294.0 million   on the transaction date and subsequently is accounted for using the equity method of accounting, with the Company s proportionate share of the TruGreen Joint Venture earnings reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  In addition, the Company and TruGreen Holdings entered into a limited liability company agreement (the  LLC Agreement ) governing the management of the TruGreen Joint Venture, as well as certain ancillary agreements including a transition services agreement and an employee leasing agreement.  The LLC Agreement provides the Company with minority representation on the board of directors of the TruGreen Joint Venture. 
  In connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement on April 13, 2016, the TruGreen Joint Venture obtained debt financing and made an excess distribution of   $196.2 million   to the Company which has been recorded as a return of investment and classified as a cash inflow from investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  The Company also invested   $18.0 million   in second lien term loan financing to the TruGreen Joint Venture.  The Company was reimbursed   $52.6 million   during   fiscal 2016  , has accounts receivable of   $14.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   for expenses incurred pursuant to a short-term transition services agreement and an employee leasing agreement and has an indemnification asset of   $9.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   for future payments on claims associated with insurance programs. The Company received distributions from unconsolidated affiliates intended to cover required tax payments of   $7.5 million   during   fiscal 2016  . 
  The following tables present summarized financial information for the TruGreen Joint Venture as of   September 30, 2016   and for the Company s   fiscal 2016  : 

80 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The summarized financial information for the TruGreen Joint Venture includes activity from the date of formation of the TruGreen Joint Venture on April 13, 2016 through   September 30, 2016  .  Net income does not include income taxes, which are recognized and paid by the partners of the TruGreen Joint Venture.  The income taxes associated with the Company s share of net income has been recorded in the  Income tax expense from continuing operations  line in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
  The Company recognized equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates of   $7.8 million   in   fiscal 2016  .  Included within income of unconsolidated affiliates for   fiscal 2016   is the Company s   $11.7 million   share of restructuring and other charges incurred by the TruGreen Joint Venture.  These charges included   $6.0 million   for transaction and merger costs,   $4.4 million   for nonrecurring integration and separation costs and   $1.3 million   for a non-cash fair value write-down adjustment on deferred revenue and advertising as part of the transaction accounting.  At   September 30, 2016  , consolidated retained earnings contained undistributed earnings of   $0.2 million  , net of tax, of unconsolidated affiliates. 

NOTE 9.  RETIREMENT PLANS 
  The Company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) plan for substantially all U.S. associates.  The Company matches   150%   of associates  initial   4%   contribution and   50%   of their remaining contribution up to   6%  .  The Company may make additional discretionary profit sharing matching contributions to eligible employees on their initial   4%   contribution.  The Company recorded charges of   $13.0 million  ,   $11.5 million   and   $11.7 million   under the plan in   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively.  
  The Company sponsors   two   defined benefit pension plans for certain U.S. associates.  Benefits under these plans have been frozen and closed to new associates since 1997.  The benefits under the primary plan are based on years of service and the associates  average final compensation or stated amounts.  The Company s funding policy, consistent with statutory requirements and tax considerations, is based on actuarial computations using the Projected Unit Credit method.  The second frozen plan is a non-qualified supplemental pension plan.  This plan provides for incremental pension payments so that total pension payments equal amounts that would have been payable from the Company s pension plan if it were not for limitations imposed by the income tax regulations. 
  The Company sponsors defined benefit pension plans associated with its international businesses in the United Kingdom, Germany, France and the Netherlands.  These plans generally cover all associates of the respective businesses, with retirement benefits primarily based on years of service and compensation levels.  In fiscal 2013, the Company s remaining obligations were settled for the defined benefit pension plan associated with its Netherlands business.  On July 1, 2010, the Company froze its   two   U.K. defined benefit pension plans and transferred participants to an amended defined contribution plan.  Under the frozen defined benefit plans, participants are no longer credited for future service; however, future salary increases will continue to be factored into each participant s final pension benefit. 

81 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following tables present information about benefit obligations, plan assets, annual expense, assumptions and other information about the Company s defined benefit pension plans.  The defined benefit pension plans are valued using a September 30 measurement date. 

82 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

83 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

84 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following tables set forth the fair value of the Company s pension plan assets, segregated by level within the fair value hierarchy: 

The fair value of the mutual funds are valued at the exchange-listed year end closing price or at the net asset value of shares held by the fund at the end of the year.  Insurance contracts are valued by discounting the related cash flows using a current year end market rate or at cash surrender value, which is presumed to equal fair value.  

85 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Investment Strategy 
  Target allocation percentages among various asset classes are maintained based on an individual investment policy established for each of the various pension plans.  Asset allocations are designed to achieve long-term objectives of return while mitigating against downside risk and considering expected cash requirements necessary to fund benefit payments.  However, the Company cannot predict future investment returns and therefore cannot determine whether future pension plan funding requirements could materially and adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Basis for Long-Term Rate of Return on Asset Assumptions 
  The Company s expected long-term rate of return on asset assumptions are derived from studies conducted by third parties.  The studies include a review of anticipated future long-term performance of individual asset classes and consideration of the appropriate asset allocation strategy given the anticipated requirements of the plans to determine the average rate of earnings expected.  While the studies give appropriate consideration to recent fund performance and historical returns, the assumptions primarily represent expectations about future rates of return over the long term. The decrease in expected long-term rate of return assumptions during   fiscal 2016   is driven by a decline in fixed income yields.  

NOTE 10.  ASSOCIATE MEDICAL BENEFITS 
  The Company provides comprehensive major medical benefits to certain of its retired associates and their dependents.  Substantially all of the Company s domestic associates who were hired before   January 1, 1998   become eligible for these benefits if they retire at age   55   or older with more than   10   years of service.  The retiree medical plan requires certain minimum contributions from retired associates and includes provisions to limit the overall cost increases the Company is required to cover.  The Company funds its portion of retiree medical benefits on a pay-as-you-go basis. 
  
   86 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following table sets forth information about the retiree medical plan for domestic associates.  The retiree medical plan is valued using a September 30 measurement date.    

The estimated actuarial loss and prior service credit that will be amortized from accumulated loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is   $0.4 million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively.   
  
   87 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

For measurement as of   September 30, 2016  , management has assumed that health care costs will increase at an annual rate of   7.00%   in fiscal 2016, and thereafter decreasing   0.25%   per year to an ultimate trend rate of   5.00%   in   2024  .  A 1% increase in health cost trend rate assumptions would increase the APBO by   $0.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and a 1% decrease would decrease the APBO by   $0.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .  A 1% increase or decrease in the health cost trend rate assumptions would not have a material effect on service or interest costs.   
  On January 1, 2016, a plan change became effective whereby Medicare eligible participants are covered under a Health Reimbursement Arrangement ( HRA ) and a catastrophic prescription drug plan provided by the Company that can be used by retirees to purchase individual insurance policies that supplement or replace Medicare through a private exchange.  This plan change resulted in a decrease in the benefit obligation of   $8.2 million   during fiscal 2015.  
  The following benefit payments under the plan are expected to be paid by the Company and the retirees for the fiscal years indicated: 

The Company also provides comprehensive major medical benefits to its associates.  The Company is self-insured for certain health benefits up to   $0.6 million   per occurrence per individual.  The cost of such benefits is recognized as expense in the period the claim is incurred.  This cost was   $31.8 million  ,   $29.6 million   and   $29.0 million   in   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively. 

NOTE 11.  DEBT 
  The components of long-term debt are as follows:    

88 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The Company s debt matures as follows for each of the next   five   fiscal years and thereafter (in millions): 

Credit Facilities 
  On   December 20, 2013  , the Company entered into the third amended and restated credit agreement, providing the Company and certain of its subsidiaries with a   five  -year senior secured revolving loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to $  1.7 billion   (the  former credit facility ).  On   October 29, 2015  , the Company entered into the fourth amended and restated credit agreement (the  new credit agreement ), providing the Company and certain of its subsidiaries with   five  -year senior secured loan facilities in the aggregate principal amount of   $1.9 billion  , comprised of a revolving credit facility of   $1.6 billion   and a term loan in the original principal amount of   $300.0 million   (the  new credit facilities ).  The new credit agreement also provides the Company with the right to seek additional committed credit under the agreement in an aggregate amount of up to   $500.0 million   plus an unlimited additional amount, subject to certain specified financial and other conditions.  Under the new credit agreement, the Company has the ability to obtain letters of credit up to   $100.0 million  .  The new credit agreement replaces the former credit facility, and will terminate on   October 29, 2020  .  Borrowings on the revolving credit facility may be made in various currencies, including U.S. dollars, euro, British pounds, Australian dollars and Canadian dollars.  The terms of the new credit agreement include customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, financial covenants and events of default.  The proceeds of borrowings on the new credit facilities may be used: (i) to finance working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries; and (ii) to refinance the amounts outstanding under the former credit facility.  
  Under the terms of the new credit agreement, loans bear interest, at the Company s election, at a rate per annum equal to either the ABR or Adjusted LIBO Rate (both as defined in the new credit agreement) plus the applicable margin.  The new credit facilities are guaranteed by substantially all of the Company s domestic subsidiaries, and are secured by (i) a perfected first priority security interest in all of the accounts receivable, inventory and equipment of the Company and the Company s domestic subsidiaries that are guarantors and (ii) the pledge of all of the capital stock of the Company s domestic subsidiaries that are guarantors.   
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had letters of credit outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of   $26.5 million  , and   $1.2 billion   of availability under the new credit agreement, subject to the Company s continued compliance with the covenants discussed below.  The weighted average interest rates on average borrowings under the new credit agreement and the former credit facility were   3.5%   and   4.0%   for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively.     
    
  The new credit agreement contains, among other obligations, an affirmative covenant regarding the Company s leverage ratio on the last day of each quarter calculated as average total indebtedness, divided by the Company s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ), as adjusted pursuant to the terms of the new credit agreement ( Adjusted EBITDA ).  The maximum leverage ratio was   4.50   as of   September 30, 2016  .  The Company s leverage ratio was   3.10   at   September 30, 2016  .  The new credit agreement also includes an affirmative covenant regarding its interest coverage ratio.  The interest coverage ratio is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by interest expense, as described in the new credit agreement, and excludes costs related to refinancings.  The minimum interest coverage ratio was   3.00   for the twelve months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The Company s interest coverage ratio was   7.88   for the twelve months ended   September 30, 2016  .    The new credit agreement allows the Company to make unlimited restricted payments (as defined in the new credit agreement), including increased or one-time dividend payments and Common Share repurchases, as long as the leverage ratio resulting from the making of such restricted payments is 4.00 or less.    Otherwise the Company may only make restricted payments in an aggregate amount for each fiscal year not to exceed the amount set forth in the new credit agreement for such fiscal year (  $175.0 million   for fiscal 2017 and   $200.0 million   for fiscal 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter). 
  Senior Notes - 6.625% 
  On December 15, 2015, Scotts Miracle-Gro redeemed all   $200.0 million   aggregate principal amount of its outstanding   6.625%   senior notes due 2020 (the    6.625%   Senior Notes ) paying a redemption price of   $213.2 million  , comprised  
  
   89 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

of   $6.6 million   of accrued and unpaid interest,   $6.6 million   of call premium and   $200.0 million   for outstanding principal amount.  The   $6.6 million   call premium charge was recognized within the  Costs related to refinancing  line on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.  Additionally, the Company had   $2.2 million   in unamortized bond discount and issuance costs associated with the   6.625%   Senior Notes that were written off and recognized in the  Costs related to refinancing  line on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. 
  Senior Notes - 6.000% 
  On October 13, 2015, Scotts Miracle-Gro issued   $400.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   6.000%   senior notes due 2023 (the    6.000%   Senior Notes ).  The net proceeds of the offering were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the former credit facility.  The   6.000%   Senior Notes represent general unsecured senior obligations and rank equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future unsecured senior debt.  The   6.000%   Senior Notes have interest payment dates of April 15 and October 15 of each year.  The   6.000%   Senior Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, on or after October 15, 2018 at applicable redemption premiums.  The   6.000%   Senior Notes contain customary covenants and events of default and mature on October 15, 2023.  Substantially all of Scotts Miracle-Gro s domestic subsidiaries serve as guarantors of the 6.000% Senior Notes. 
  Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement 
  The Company maintains a Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement ( MARP Agreement ), which provides for the discretionary sale by the Company, and the discretionary purchase (outside of the commitment period specified in the MARP Agreement) by the participating banks, on a revolving basis, of accounts receivable generated by sales to three specified account debtors in an aggregate amount not to exceed   $400.0 million  .  The MARP Agreement is subject to renewal by mutual agreement at least annually.   
  On March 23, 2016, Scotts Miracle-Gro and Scotts LLC entered into a Waiver and First Amendment to the MARP Agreement that amends the MARP Agreement in the following significant respects: (1) includes subsidiaries and affiliates of the approved debtors in the definition of approved debtors; (2) requires Scotts LLC to repurchase all receivables (including any defaulted receivables) from the banks on each settlement date; and (3) provides the administrative agent and the banks with full recourse to Scotts LLC in case of non-payment of any purchased receivable on the maturity date thereof, regardless of the reason for such non-payment.  Under the terms of the amended MARP Agreement, the banks have the opportunity to purchase those accounts receivable offered by the Company at a discount (from the agreed base value thereof) effectively equal to the one-week LIBO rate plus 0.95%. 
  The Company accounts for the sale of receivables under the MARP Agreement (as amended) as short-term debt and continues to carry the receivables on its Consolidated Balance Sheet, primarily as a result of the Company s requirement to repurchase receivables sold.  There were   $138.6 million   and   $122.3 million   in borrowings or receivables pledged as collateral under the MARP Agreement at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The carrying value of the receivables pledged as collateral was   $174.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $152.9 million   at   September 30, 2015  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $7.6 million   of availability under the MARP Agreement. 
  On August 25, 2016, Scotts Miracle-Gro and Scotts LLC entered into a Second Amendment to the MARP Agreement that extended the stated termination date of the Agreement through October 14, 2016. The MARP Agreement terminated effective October 14, 2016 in accordance with its terms.  
  Other 
  In connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest in Gavita, the Company recorded a loan to the noncontrolling ownership group of Gavita.  The fair value of the loan was   $38.3 million   at September 30, 2016. 
  Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
  The Company has outstanding interest rate swap agreements with major financial institutions that effectively convert a portion of the Company s variable-rate debt to a fixed rate.  The swap agreements had a total U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount of   $650.0 million   and   $1,300.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  .  Interest payments made between the effective date and expiration date are hedged by the swap agreements, except as noted below, respectively. On November 1, 2016, the Company executed interest rate swap agreements with notional amounts that adjust in accordance with a specified seasonal schedule and have a maximum total notional amount at any point in time of   $500.0 million  . These swap agreements effectively convert the LIBOR index on a portion of the Company s variable-rate debt to a fixed rate of approximately   0.83%   beginning in November 2016 through expiration dates in June and August 2018.        
  
   90 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The notional amount, effective date, expiration date and rate of each of these swap agreements outstanding at September 30, 2016 are shown in the table below. 

(a) 
    The effective date refers to the date on which interest payments were, or will be, first hedged by the applicable swap agreement. 
              (b) 
    Interest payments made during the   three-month   period of each year that begins with the month and day of the effective date are hedged by the swap agreement. 
              (c) 
    Interest payments made during the   six-month   period of each year that begins with the month and day of the effective date are hedged by the swap agreement. 
              (d) 
    Interest payments made during the   nine-month   period of each year that begins with the month and day of the effective date are hedged by the swap agreement. 
     Estimated Fair Values 
  The methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the Company s debt instruments are described below: 
  Credit Facilities 
  The interest rate currently available to the Company fluctuates with the applicable LIBO rate, prime rate or Federal Funds Effective Rate and thus the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value.  The fair value measurement for the new credit facilities was classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  6.000% Senior Notes 
  The fair value of the   6.000%   Senior Notes can be determined based on the trading of the   6.000%   Senior Notes in the open market.  The difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the   6.000%   Senior Notes represents the premium or discount on that date.  The fair value measurement for the   6.000%   Senior Notes was classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  6.625%   Senior Notes 
  The fair value of the   6.625%   Senior Notes was determined based on the trading value of the   6.625%   Senior Notes in the open market.  The difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the   6.625%   Senior Notes represented the premium or discount on that date.  The fair value for the   6.625%   Senior Notes was classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Accounts Receivable Pledged 
  The interest rate on the short-term debt associated with accounts receivable pledged under the MARP Agreement fluctuated with the applicable LIBO rate and thus the carrying value represented a reasonable estimate of fair value.  The fair value measurement for the MARP Agreement was classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

91 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The estimated fair values of the Company s debt instruments are as follows: 

Weighted Average Interest Rate 
  The weighted average interest rate on the Company s debt was   4.2%   for   fiscal 2016   and   fiscal 2015  . 

NOTE 12.  EQUITY 
  Authorized and issued shares consisted of the following: 

In fiscal 1995, The Scotts Company merged with Stern s Miracle-Gro Products, Inc. ( Miracle-Gro ).  At   September 30, 2016  , the former shareholders of Miracle-Gro, including the Hagedorn Partnership L.P., owned approximately   26%   of Scotts Miracle-Gro s outstanding Common Shares and, thus, have the ability to significantly influence the election of directors and other actions requiring the approval of Scotts Miracle-Gro s shareholders. 
  Under the terms of the merger agreement with Miracle-Gro, the former shareholders of Miracle-Gro may not collectively acquire, directly or indirectly, beneficial ownership of Voting Stock (as that term is defined in the Miracle-Gro merger agreement) representing more than   49%   of the total voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock, except pursuant to a tender offer for   100%   of that total voting power, which tender offer is made at a price per share which is not less than the market price per share on the last trading day before the announcement of the tender offer and is conditioned upon the receipt of at least   50%   of the Voting Stock beneficially owned by shareholders of Scotts Miracle-Gro other than the former shareholders of Miracle-Gro and their affiliates and associates. 
  Share Repurchases 
  In August 2010, the Scotts Miracle-Gro Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to   $500 million   of Common Shares over a   four  -year period ending on September 30, 2014.  In May 2011, the Scotts Miracle-Gro Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional   $200 million   of Common Shares, resulting in authority to repurchase a total of up to   $700 million   of Common Shares through September 30, 2014.  From the inception of this share repurchase program in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 through its expiration on September 30, 2014, Scotts Miracle-Gro repurchased   9.9 million   Common Shares for   $521.2 million   to be held in treasury.  
  In August 2014, the Scotts Miracle-Gro Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to   $500.0 million   of Common Shares over a   five  -year period (effective November 1, 2014 through September 30, 2019).  On August 3, 2016, Scotts Miracle-Gro announced that its Board of Directors authorized a   $500.0 million   increase to the share repurchase authorization ending on  
  
   92 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

September 30, 2019.  The amended authorization allows for repurchases of Common Shares of   $1.0 billion   through September 30, 2019.  The authorization provides the Company with flexibility to purchase Common Shares from time to time in open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions.  All or part of the repurchases may be made under Rule 10b5-1 plans, which the Company may enter into from time to time and which enable the repurchases to occur on a more regular basis, or pursuant to accelerated share repurchases.  The share repurchase authorization, which expires September 30, 2019, may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and there can be no guarantee as to the timing or amount of any repurchases.  From the inception of this share repurchase program in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 through   September 30, 2016  , Scotts Miracle-Gro repurchased approximately   2.1 million   Common Shares for   $145.7 million  .  
  Special Dividend 
  In August 2014, the Scotts Miracle-Gro Board of Directors declared a special one-time cash dividend of   $2.00   per Common Share that was paid on September 17, 2014.  The payment of the special one-time cash dividend required Scotts Miracle-Gro to adjust the number of Common Shares subject to stock options outstanding under the Scotts Miracle-Gro share-based awards programs, as well as the price at which the awards may be exercised.  The adjustments to the outstanding awards resulted in an increase in the number of Common Shares subject to outstanding stock options in an aggregate amount of   0.1 million   Common Shares.  The methodology used to adjust the awards was consistent with Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 409A and the then-proposed regulations promulgated thereunder and IRC Section 424 and the regulations promulgated thereunder, compliance with which was necessary to avoid adverse tax consequences for the holder of an award.  Such methodology also resulted in a fair value for the adjusted awards post-dividend equal to that of the unadjusted awards pre-dividend, with the result that there was no additional compensation expense in accordance with the accounting for modifications to awards under ASC 718. 
  Share-Based Awards 
  Scotts Miracle-Gro grants share-based awards annually to officers and certain other employees of the Company and non-employee directors of Scotts Miracle-Gro.  The share-based awards have consisted of stock options, restricted stock units, deferred stock units and performance-based awards.  All of these share-based awards have been made under plans approved by the shareholders.  Generally, employee share-based awards provide for   three  -year cliff vesting.  Vesting for non-employee director awards varies based on the length of service and age of each director at the time of the award.  Vesting of performance-based awards is dependent on service and achievement of specified performance targets.  Share-based awards are forfeited if a holder terminates employment or service with the Company prior to the vesting date.  The Company estimates that   20%   of its share-based awards will be forfeited based on an analysis of historical trends.  This assumption is re-evaluated on an annual basis and adjusted as appropriate.  Stock options have exercise prices equal to the market price of the underlying Common Shares on the date of grant with a term of   10   years.  If available, Scotts Miracle-Gro will typically use treasury shares, or if not available, newly-issued Common Shares, in satisfaction of its share-based awards.  
  A maximum of   23.1 million   Common Shares are available for issuance under share-based award plans.  At   September 30, 2016  , approximately   1.9 million   Common Shares were not subject to outstanding awards and were available to underlie the grant of new share-based awards.  Common Shares held in treasury totaling   0.6 million   and   0.9 million   were reissued in support of share-based compensation awards and employee purchases under the employee stock purchase plan during   fiscal 2016   and   fiscal 2015  , respectively. 
  The following is a recap of the share-based awards granted during the periods indicated: 

93 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Total share-based compensation was as follows for the periods indicated:    

As of September 30, 2016  , total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based awards amounted to   $10.3 million  .  This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.7   years.  The tax benefit realized from the tax deductions associated with the exercise of share-based awards and the vesting of restricted stock totaled   $15.1 million   for   fiscal 2016  . 
  During fiscal 2015, Scotts Miracle-Gro issued   0.2 million   Common Shares, which represented a carrying value of   $8.3 million  , out of its treasury shares for payment of the acquisition of Vermicrop.  During fiscal 2016, Scotts Miracle-Gro issued   0.1 million   Common Shares, which represented a carrying value of   $4.2 million  , out of its treasury shares for payment of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Vermicrop.  
  Stock Options/SARs 
  Aggregate stock option and SAR activity consisted of the following for fiscal 2016 (options/SARs in millions):    

At   September 30, 2016  , the Company expects   0.8 million   of the remaining unexercisable stock options (after forfeitures), with a weighted-average exercise price of   $66.09  , intrinsic value of   $12.9 million   and average remaining term of   8.8 years  , to vest in the future.  The following summarizes certain information pertaining to stock option awards outstanding and exercisable at   September 30, 2016   (options in millions):  

The intrinsic value of the stock option and SAR awards outstanding and exercisable at   September 30, 2016   were as follows (in millions):    

94 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The grant date fair value of stock option awards is estimated using a binomial model and the assumptions in the following table.  Expected market price volatility is based on implied volatilities from traded options on Common Shares and historical volatility specific to the Common Shares.  Historical data, including demographic factors impacting historical exercise behavior, is used to estimate stock option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model.  The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life (normally ten years) of the stock option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.  The expected life of stock options is based on historical experience and expectations for grants outstanding.  The weighted average assumptions for awards granted in fiscal 2016 are as follows:    

The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was   $13.6 million  ,   $16.3 million   and   $21.3 million   during   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively.  Cash received from the exercise of stock options for   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014   was   $14.7 million  ,   $24.3 million   and   $20.0 million  , respectively. 
  Restricted share-based awards 
  Restricted share-based award activity (including restricted stock, restricted stock units and deferred stock units) was as follows: 

The total fair value of restricted stock units and deferred stock units vested was   $7.6 million  ,   $6.2 million   and   $3.4 million   during   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014  , respectively.  
  
   95 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Performance-based awards 
  Performance-based award activity was as follows: 

NOTE 13.  EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 
  Basic income per Common Share is computed by dividing income attributable to controlling interest from continuing operations, income (loss) from discontinued operations or net income attributable to controlling interest by the weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding.  Diluted income per Common Share is computed by dividing income attributable to controlling interest from continuing operations, income (loss) from discontinued operations or net income attributable to controlling interest by the weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding plus all potentially dilutive securities outstanding each period.  Stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of the underlying Common Shares are excluded from the computation of diluted income per Common Share because they are out-of-the-money and the effect of their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.  The number of Common Shares covered by out-of-the-money options was   0.2 million   and   0.3 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  There were   no   Common Shares covered by out-of-the-money options for the year ended   September 30, 2014  .  The following table presents information necessary to calculate basic and diluted income per Common Share.     
  
   96 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

NOTE 14.  INCOME TAXES 
  The provision (benefit) for income taxes allocated to continuing operations consisted of the following: 

The domestic and foreign components of income from continuing operations before income taxes were as follows: 

97 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

A reconciliation of the federal corporate income tax rate and the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations before income taxes is summarized below: 

Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for tax purposes.  The components of the deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

98 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The net current and non-current components of deferred income taxes recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were: 

GAAP requires that a valuation allowance be recorded against a deferred tax asset if it is more likely than not that the tax benefit associated with the asset will not be realized in the future.  As shown in the table above, valuation allowances were recorded against   $45.1 million   and   $45.8 million   of deferred tax assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Most of these valuation allowances relate to certain foreign net operating losses, as explained further below.  
  The Company has elected to treat certain foreign entities as disregarded entities for U.S. tax purposes, which results in their net income or loss being recognized currently in the Company s U.S. tax return.  As such, the tax benefit of net operating losses available for foreign statutory tax purposes has already been recognized for U.S. purposes.  Accordingly, a full valuation allowance is required on the tax benefit of these net operating losses on global consolidation.  The foreign net operating losses of these foreign disregarded entities were   $171.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  , the majority of which have indefinite carryforward periods.  The statutory tax benefit of these net operating loss carryovers, and related full valuation allowances thereon, amounted to   $40.7 million   and   $41.2 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Foreign net operating losses of certain controlled foreign corporations were   $17.8 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , the majority of which have indefinite carryforward periods.  Due to a history of losses in many of these entities, a full valuation allowance has also been placed against the statutory tax benefit associated with all but   $3.7 million   of these losses at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Foreign tax credits were   $7.4 million   and   $8.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  A valuation allowance in the amount of   $0.4 million   has been established against those foreign tax credits the Company does not expect to utilize prior to their expiration. 
  State net operating losses were   $6.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , with carryforward periods ranging from   5   to   20   years.  Any losses not utilized within a specific state s carryforward period will expire.  Tax benefits associated with state tax credits will expire if not utilized and amounted to   $0.7 million   and   $0.6 million    at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . A valuation allowance was recorded against   $0.4 million   of deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016 for state net operating losses that the company does not expect to realize within their respective carryover periods. A valuation allowance in the amount of   $0.2 million   has been established related to state credits the Company does not expect to utilize.   
  The Company recognized a deferred tax liability of   $83.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016   related to the outside basis difference in the TruGreen Joint Venture. See  NOTE 2.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  and  NOTE 8.  INVESTMENT IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATE  for further discussion.   
  Deferred taxes have not been provided on unremitted earnings of   $139.0 million   for certain foreign subsidiaries and foreign corporate joint ventures as such earnings have been indefinitely reinvested.  These foreign entities held cash and cash equivalents of   $39.9 million   and   $55.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Our current plans do not demonstrate a need to, nor do we project we will, repatriate the retained earnings from these subsidiaries as the earnings are indefinitely reinvested.  In the future, if we determine it is necessary to repatriate these funds, or we sell or liquidate any of these subsidiaries, we may be required to pay associated taxes on the repatriation.  We may also be required to withhold foreign taxes depending on the foreign jurisdiction from which the funds are repatriated.  The effective rate of tax on such repatriations may materially differ from the federal statutory tax rate and could have a material impact on tax expense in the year of repatriation; however, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the amount of such a tax event. 
  GAAP provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position.  The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than   50%   likely of being realized upon settlement. 
  The Company had   $5.1 million  ,   $9.2 million   and   $11.2 million   of gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions at   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively.  Included in the   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   balances were  
  
   99 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

$3.5 million  ,   $6.6 million   and   $8.5 million  , respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would have an impact on the effective tax rate. 
  A reconciliation of the unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:    

The Company continues to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the provision for income taxes.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, the Company had   $1.1 million  ,   $1.8 million   and   $1.8 million   accrued for the payment of interest that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, the Company had   $0.5 million  ,   $0.7 million   and   $0.6 million   accrued for the payment of penalties that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate.  For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized a benefit of   $0.9 million   for tax interest and tax penalties in its Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
  Scotts Miracle-Gro or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions.  Subject to the following exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to examination by these tax authorities for fiscal years prior to 2013.  The Company is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service and certain foreign and U.S. state and local tax authorities.  The U.S. federal examination is limited to fiscal years   2011   and 2012.  With respect to the foreign jurisdictions, a German audit is currently ongoing covering fiscal years   2009   through   2012  .  In regard to the multiple U.S. state and local audits, the tax periods under examination are limited to fiscal   2008   through fiscal   2014  .  In addition to the aforementioned audits, certain other tax deficiency notices and refund claims for previous years remain unresolved. 
  The Company currently anticipates that few of its open and active audits will be resolved within the next twelve months.  The Company is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to when or if cash settlements with taxing authorities may occur.  Although audit outcomes and the timing of audit payments are subject to significant uncertainty, the Company does not anticipate that the resolution of these tax matters or any events related thereto will result in a material change to its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Management judgment is required in determining tax provisions and evaluating tax positions.  Management believes its tax positions and related provisions reflected in the consolidated financial statements are fully supportable and appropriate.  The Company established reserves for additional income taxes that may become due if the tax positions are challenged and not sustained, and as such, the Company s tax provision includes the impact of recording reserves and changes thereto. 

NOTE 15.  DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
  The Company is exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices.  To manage a portion of the volatility related to these exposures, the Company enters into various financial transactions.  The utilization of these financial transactions is governed by policies covering acceptable counterparty exposure, instrument types and other hedging practices. The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. 
  Exchange Rate Risk Management 
  The Company uses currency forward contracts to manage the exchange rate risk associated with intercompany loans with foreign subsidiaries that are denominated in local currencies.  At   September 30, 2016  , the notional amount of outstanding currency forward contracts was   $165.8 million  ,   with a fair value   of   $0.4 million  .  At   September 30, 2015  , the notional amount of outstanding currency forward contracts was   $52.3 million  , with a negative fair value of   $0.7 million  .  The fair value of currency forward contracts is determined using forward rates in commonly quoted intervals for the full term of the contracts.  The outstanding contracts will mature over the next fiscal year. 
  
   100 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Interest Rate Risk Management 
  The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements as a means to hedge its variable interest rate risk on debt instruments. Net amounts to be received or paid under the swap agreements are reflected as adjustments to interest expense.  Since the interest rate swap agreements have been designated as hedging instruments, unrealized gains or losses resulting from adjusting these swaps to fair value are recorded as elements of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( AOCI ) within the Consolidated Balance Sheets except for any ineffective portion of the change in fair value, which is immediately recorded in interest expense.  The fair value of the swap agreements is determined based on the present value of the estimated future net cash flows using implied rates in the applicable yield curve as of the valuation date.  
  The Company has outstanding interest rate swap agreements with major financial institutions that effectively convert a portion of the Company s variable-rate debt to a fixed rate.  The swap agreements had a total U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount of   $650.0 million   and   $1,300.0 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Refer to  NOTE 11.  DEBT  for the terms of the swap agreements outstanding at September 30,   2016  .  Included in the AOCI balance at September 30,   2016   was a loss of   $2.0 million   related to interest rate swap agreements that is expected to be reclassified to earnings during the next twelve months, consistent with the timing of the underlying hedged transactions. 
  Commodity Price Risk Management 
  The Company enters into hedging arrangements designed to fix the price of a portion of its projected future urea requirements.  The contracts are designated as hedges of the Company s exposure to future cash flow fluctuations associated with the cost of urea.  The objective of the hedges is to mitigate the earnings and cash flow volatility attributable to the risk of changing prices.  Since the contracts have been designated as hedging instruments, unrealized gains or losses resulting from adjusting these contracts to fair value are recorded as elements of AOCI within the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Realized gains or losses remain as a component of AOCI until the related inventory is sold.  Upon sale of the underlying inventory, the gain or loss is reclassified to cost of sales.  Included in the AOCI balance at   September 30, 2016   was a loss of   $0.2 million   related to urea derivatives that is expected to be reclassified to earnings during the next twelve months, consistent with the timing of the underlying hedged transactions. 
  The Company also uses derivatives to partially mitigate the effect of fluctuating diesel costs on operating results.  These financial instruments are carried at fair value within the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Changes in the fair value of derivative contracts that qualify for hedge accounting are recorded in AOCI except for any ineffective portion of the change in fair value, which is immediately recorded in earnings.  The effective portion of the change in fair value remains as a component of AOCI until the related fuel is consumed, at which time the accumulated gain or loss on the derivative contract is reclassified to cost of sales.  Changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recorded as an element of cost of sales.  At   September 30, 2016  , there were no amounts included within AOCI. 
  The Company had the following outstanding commodity contracts that were entered into to hedge forecasted purchases:    

101 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Fair Values of Derivative Instruments 
  The fair values of the Company s derivative instruments were as follows: 

Assets / (Liabilities) 

2016 
      
    2015 
      Derivatives Designated As Hedging Instruments 
      
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 

(In millions) 
      Interest rate swap agreements 
      
    Other current liabilities 
      
    $ 
    (3.3 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (8.8 
    ) 

Other liabilities 
      
    (3.1 
    ) 
      
    (4.6 
    ) 
      Commodity hedging instruments 
      
    Other current liabilities 
      
    (0.3 
    ) 
      
    (1.3 
    ) 
      Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

$ 
    (6.7 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (14.7 
    ) 

Derivatives Not Designated As Hedging Instruments 
      
    Balance Sheet Location 

Currency forward contracts 
      
    Prepaid and other current assets 
      
    $ 
    1.2 

$ 

Other current liabilities 
      
    (0.8 
    ) 
      
    (0.7 
    ) 
      Commodity hedging instruments 
      
    Other current liabilities 
      
    (0.1 
    ) 
      
    (3.2 
    ) 
      Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

0.3 

(3.9 
    ) 
      Total derivatives 

$ 
    (6.4 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (18.6 
    ) 

The effect of derivative instruments on AOCI and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended   September 30   was as follows:    

Reclassified From AOCI Into 
      
    Amount of Gain / (Loss) 
      Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
      
    Statement of Operations 
      
    2016 
      
    2015 

(In millions) 
      Interest rate swap agreements 
      
    Interest expense 
      
    $ 
    (5.0 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (6.5 
    ) 
      Commodity hedging instruments 
      
    Cost of sales 
      
    (0.8 
    ) 

Total 

$ 
    (5.8 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (6.5 
    ) 

102 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

NOTE 16.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or the most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  A three-level fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value.  The hierarchy requires entities to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.  The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: 
  Level 1     Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
  Level 2     Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
  Level 3     Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.  This includes pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. 
  The following describes the valuation methodologies used for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as the general classification within the valuation hierarchy. 
  Derivatives 
  Derivatives consist of currency, interest rate and commodity derivative instruments.  Currency forward contracts are valued using observable forward rates in commonly quoted intervals for the full term of the contracts.  Interest rate swap agreements are valued based on the present value of the estimated future net cash flows using implied rates in the applicable yield curve as of the valuation date.  Commodity contracts are measured using observable commodity exchange prices in active markets. 
  These derivative instruments are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy and are included within other assets and other liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, except for derivative instruments expected to be settled within the next 12 months, which are included within prepaid and other current assets and other current liabilities. 
  Cash Equivalents 
  Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less.  The carrying value of these cash equivalents approximates fair value due to their short-term maturities. 
  Other 
  Other consists of investment securities in non-qualified retirement plan assets and the Bonnie Option.  Investment securities in non-qualified retirement plan assets are valued using observable market prices in active markets and are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.  The fair value of the Bonnie Option is determined using a simulation approach, whereby the total value of the loan receivable and optional exchange for additional equity was estimated considering a distribution of possible future cash flows discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate, and is classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  Long-Term Debt 
  Long-term debt consists of a loan provided to the noncontrolling ownership group of Gavita.  The estimated fair value of the loan was determined using an income-based approach, which includes market participant expectations of cash flows over the remaining useful life discounted to present value using an appropriate discount rate.  The estimate requires subjective assumptions to be made, including those related to future business results and discount rates.  The fair value measurement is based on significant inputs unobservable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement.  

103 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016  : 

The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2015:    

104 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

NOTE 17.  OPERATING LEASES 
  The Company leases certain property and equipment from third parties under various non-cancelable operating lease agreements.  Certain lease agreements contain renewal and purchase options.  The lease agreements generally require that the Company pay taxes, insurance and maintenance expenses related to the leased assets.  Future minimum lease payments for non-cancelable operating leases at   September 30, 2016  , were as follows (in millions): 

The Company also leases certain vehicles (primarily cars and light trucks) under agreements that are cancelable after the first year, but typically continue on a month-to-month basis until canceled by the Company.  The vehicle leases and certain other non-cancelable operating leases contain residual value guarantees that create a contingent obligation on the part of the Company to compensate the lessor if the leased asset cannot be sold for an amount in excess of a specified minimum value at the conclusion of the lease term.  If all such vehicle leases had been canceled as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s residual value guarantee would have approximated   $2.6 million  . 
  Other residual value guarantee amounts that apply at the conclusion of non-cancelable lease terms are as follows: 

Amount of 
  Guarantee 
      
    Lease 
  Termination Date 
        
    (In millions) 

Corporate aircraft  
    $ 
    27.0 

2019 

Rent expense for   fiscal 2016  ,   fiscal 2015   and   fiscal 2014   totaled   $58.8 million  ,   $56.2 million   and   $50.6 million  , respectively. 

NOTE 18.  COMMITMENTS 
  The Company has the following unconditional purchase obligations due during each of the next five fiscal years that have not been recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at   September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

Purchase obligations primarily represent commitments for materials used in the Company s manufacturing processes, as well as commitments for warehouse services, grass seed and out-sourced information services.  In addition, the Company leases certain property and equipment from third parties under various non-cancelable operating lease agreements.  Future minimum lease payments for non-cancelable operating leases not included above are included in  NOTE 17.  OPERATING LEASES.  

105 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

NOTE 19.  CONTINGENCIES 
  Management regularly evaluates the Company s contingencies, including various lawsuits and claims which arise in the normal course of business, product and general liabilities, workers  compensation, property losses and other liabilities for which the Company is self-insured or retains a high exposure limit.  Self-insurance reserves are established based on actuarial loss estimates for specific individual claims plus actuarially estimated amounts for incurred but not reported claims and adverse development factors applied to existing claims.  Legal costs incurred in connection with the resolution of claims, lawsuits and other contingencies generally are expensed as incurred.  In the opinion of management, the assessment of contingencies is reasonable and related reserves, in the aggregate, are adequate; however, there can be no assurance that final resolution of these matters will not have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Regulatory Matters 
  At   September 30, 2016  ,   $4.0 million   was accrued in the  Other liabilities  line in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for environmental actions, the majority of which are for site remediation.  The amounts accrued are believed to be adequate to cover such known environmental exposures based on current facts and estimates of likely outcomes.  Although it is reasonably possible that the costs to resolve such known environmental exposures will exceed the amounts accrued, any variation from accrued amounts is not expected to be material. 
  Other 
  The Company has been named as a defendant in a number of cases alleging injuries that the lawsuits claim resulted from exposure to asbestos-containing products, apparently based on the Company s historic use of vermiculite in certain of its products.  In many of these cases, the complaints are not specific about the plaintiffs  contacts with the Company or its products.  The cases vary, but complaints in these cases generally seek unspecified monetary damages (actual, compensatory, consequential and punitive) from multiple defendants.  The Company believes that the claims against it are without merit and is vigorously defending against them.  It is not currently possible to reasonably estimate a probable loss, if any, associated with these cases and, accordingly, no reserves have been recorded in the Company s consolidated financial statements.  The Company is reviewing agreements and policies that may provide insurance coverage or indemnity as to these claims and is pursuing coverage under some of these agreements and policies, although there can be no assurance of the results of these efforts.  There can be no assurance that these cases, whether as a result of adverse outcomes or as a result of significant defense costs, will not have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  In connection with the sale of wild bird food products that were the subject of a voluntary recall in 2008, the Company has been named as a defendant in four putative class actions filed on and after June 27, 2012, which have now been consolidated in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California as   In re Morning Song Bird Food Litigation  , Lead Case No. 3:12-cv-01592-JAH-RBB.  The plaintiffs allege various statutory and common law claims associated with the Company s sale of wild bird food products and a plea agreement entered into in previously pending government proceedings associated with such sales.  The plaintiffs allege, among other things, a purported class action on behalf of all persons and entities in the United States who purchased certain bird food products.  The plaintiffs assert hundreds of millions of dollars in monetary damages (actual, compensatory, consequential, and restitution), punitive and treble damages; injunctive and declaratory relief; pre-judgment and post-judgment interest; and costs and attorneys  fees.  The Company disputes the plaintiffs  assertions and intends to vigorously defend the consolidated action.  At this point in the proceedings, it is not currently possible to reasonably estimate a probable loss, if any, associated with the action and, accordingly, no reserves have been recorded in the Company s consolidated financial statements with respect to the action.  There can be no assurance that this action, whether as a result of an adverse outcome or as a result of significant defense costs, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  The Company is involved in other lawsuits and claims which arise in the normal course of business.  These claims individually and in the aggregate are not expected to result in a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

NOTE 20.  CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK 
  The Company maintains cash depository accounts with major financial institutions around the world and invests in high quality, short-term liquid investments.  Such investments are made only in investments issued by highly rated institutions.  These investments mature within three months and have not historically incurred any losses. 
  
   106 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Trade accounts receivable are exposed to a concentration of credit risk with retailers principally located in the United States.  The Company s retail customers include home centers, mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs, large hardware chains, independent hardware stores, nurseries, garden centers, food and drug stores, and indoor gardening and hydroponic stores.  Concentrations of net sales and accounts receivable in the United States as a percentage of consolidated net sales and accounts receivable at September 30 were as follows:    

The remainder of the Company s net sales and accounts receivable at   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were generated from customers located outside of the United States, primarily retailers, distributors and nurseries in Europe, Canada and Australia.  No concentrations of these customers or individual customers within this group accounted for more than   10%   of the Company s net sales or accounts receivable for any period presented above. 
  The Company s   three   largest customers are the only customers that individually represent more than   10%   of reported consolidated net sales and accounts receivable for each of the last three fiscal years.  These   three   customers accounted for the following percentages of net sales for the fiscal years ended September 30:    

Accounts receivable for these   three   largest customers as a percentage of consolidated accounts receivable were   56%   and   60%   for   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

NOTE 21.  OTHER INCOME, NET 
  Other (income) expense consisted of the following: 

107 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

NOTE 22.  SEGMENT INFORMATION 
  The Company divides its business into   three   reportable segments: U.S. Consumer, Europe Consumer and Other.  These segments differ from those used in prior periods due to the change in internal organization structure associated with Project Focus, which is a series of initiatives announced in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 designed to maximize the value of the Company s non-core assets and focus on emerging categories of the lawn and garden industry in its core U.S. business.  On April 13, 2016, as part of this project, the Company completed the contribution of the SLS Business to a newly formed subsidiary of TruGreen Holdings in exchange for a minority equity interest of approximately   30%   in the TruGreen Joint Venture.  As a result, effective in its second quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company classified its results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities of the SLS Business as held for sale.  The prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the new segments.  This division of reportable segments is consistent with how the segments report to and are managed by the chief operating decision maker of the Company. 
  U.S. Consumer consists of the Company s consumer lawn and garden business located in the geographic United States.  Europe Consumer consists of the Company s consumer lawn and garden business located in geographic Europe.  Other consists of the Company s consumer lawn and garden businesses in geographies other than the U.S. and Europe, the Company s indoor, urban and hydroponic gardening business, and revenues and expenses associated with the Company s supply agreements with Israel Chemicals, Ltd.  Corporate consists of general and administrative expenses and certain other income/expense items not allocated to the business segments. 
  Segment performance is evaluated based on several factors, including income (loss) from continuing operations before amortization, impairment, restructuring and other charges, which is not a GAAP measure.  Senior management uses this measure of operating profit (loss) to evaluate segment performance because the Company believes this measure is indicative of performance trends and the overall earnings potential of each segment. 

108 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following tables present summarized financial information concerning the Company s reportable segments for the periods indicated: 

109 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following table presents net sales by product category: 

The following table presents net sales and long-lived assets (property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangibles) by geographic area:    

110 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

NOTE 23.  QUARTERLY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 
  The following is a summary of the unaudited quarterly results of operations:    

111 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

Common share equivalents, such as share-based awards, are excluded from the diluted loss per Common Share calculation in periods where there is a loss from continuing operations because the effect of their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.  The Company s business is highly seasonal, with approximately   75%   of net sales occurring in the second and third fiscal quarters. 
  Significant impairment, restructuring and other charges / recoveries reflected in the quarterly financial information during   fiscal 2016   are as follows: first quarter restructuring costs of   $9.3 million   including   $5.4 million   in costs related to consumer complaints and claims related to the reformulated Bonus        S fertilizer product sold in the southeastern United States during fiscal 2015,   $2.8 million   in transaction related costs associated with the divestiture of the SLS Business and costs of   $0.9 million   related to other transaction activity associated with Project Focus; second quarter net recoveries of   $36.5 million   including insurance reimbursement recoveries of   $50.0 million   related to Bonus        S insurance reimbursements, a charge of   $9.0 million   for the resolution of a prior SLS Business litigation matter,   $1.6 million   in transaction related costs associated with the divestiture of the SLS Business and costs of   $1.7 million   related to other transaction activity associated with Project Focus; third quarter net recoveries of   $5.4 million   related to Bonus        S insurance reimbursements; and fourth quarter restructuring costs of   $6.7 million   associated with Project Focus including costs of   $5.4 million   related to termination benefits for U.S. and international employees and costs of   $2.3 million   related to other transaction activity.  
  Significant impairment, restructuring and other charges reflected in the quarterly financial information during fiscal 2015 are as follows: first quarter restructuring costs of   $9.6 million   related to termination benefits for U.S. and international employees; second quarter restructuring costs of $  5.1 million   related to termination benefits for U.S. and international employees; third quarter restructuring costs of   $6.6 million   related to termination benefits for U.S. and international employees and the liquidation and exit from the U.K. Solus business, and   $37.7 million   in costs related to consumer complaints and claims related to the reformulated Bonus        S fertilizer product sold in the southeastern United States during fiscal 2015; and fourth quarter restructuring costs of   $0.9 million   related to termination benefits for U.S. and international employees, and   $24.7 million   in charges related to Bonus        S insurance reimbursements. 

NOTE 24.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS AND NON-GUARANTORS 
  The   6.000%   Senior Notes were issued on October 13, 2015 and are guaranteed by certain of the Company s domestic subsidiaries and, therefore, the Company reports condensed consolidating financial information in accordance with SEC Regulation S-X Rule 3-10,   Financial Statements of Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities Registered or Being Registered  . On January 15, 2014 and December 15, 2015, Scotts Miracle-Gro redeemed, respectively, all of its outstanding   $200.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   7.25%   Senior Notes and   $200.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   6.625%   Senior Notes, each of which were previously guaranteed by certain of its domestic subsidiaries. The guarantees are  full and unconditional,  as those terms are used in Regulation S-X Rule 3-10, except that a subsidiary s guarantee will be released in certain customary circumstances, such as (1) upon any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the subsidiary (including by way of merger or consolidation) to any person other than Scotts Miracle-Gro or any  restricted subsidiary  under the indenture governing the   6.000%   Senior Notes; (2) if the subsidiary merges with and into Scotts Miracle-Gro, with Scotts Miracle-Gro surviving such merger; (3) if the subsidiary is designated an  unrestricted subsidiary  in accordance with the indenture governing the   6.000%   Senior Notes or otherwise ceases to be a  restricted subsidiary  (including by way of liquidation or dissolution) in a transaction permitted by such indenture; (4) upon legal or covenant defeasance; (5) at the election of Scotts Miracle-Gro following the subsidiary s release as a guarantor under the new credit agreement, except a release by or as a result of the repayment of the new credit agreement; or (6) if the subsidiary ceases to be a  restricted subsidiary  and the subsidiary is not otherwise required to provide a guarantee of the   6.000%   Senior Notes pursuant to the indenture governing the   6.000%   Senior Notes.  SLS Holdings, Inc. was added as a guarantor effective in the three-month period ending July 2, 2016, and HGCI, Inc. and GenSource, Inc. were added as guarantors effective in the three-month period ending January 2, 2016, and have been classified as Guarantors for all periods presented.  SLS Holdings, Inc., HGCI, Inc. and GenSource, Inc. did not have any activity for   fiscal 2015  . 
  The following   100%   directly or indirectly owned subsidiaries fully and unconditionally guarantee at   September 30, 2016   the   6.000%   Senior Notes on a joint and several basis: Gutwein   Co., Inc.; Hyponex Corporation; Miracle-Gro Lawn Products, Inc.; OMS Investments, Inc.; Rod McLellan Company; Sanford Scientific, Inc.; Scotts Temecula Operations, LLC; Scotts Manufacturing Company; Scotts Products Co.; Scotts Professional Products Co.; Scotts-Sierra Investments LLC; SMG Growing Media, Inc.; Swiss Farms Products, Inc.; SMGM LLC; The Scotts Company LLC; The Hawthorne Gardening Company; Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC; HGCI, Inc.; GenSource, Inc.; and SLS Holdings, Inc. (collectively, the  Guarantors ).  Effective in the three-month period ending July 2, 2016, the SLS Business was contributed to the TruGreen Joint Venture and the Company classified its results of operations for all periods presented to reflect the SLS Business as a discontinued operation and classified the assets and liabilities as held for sale within the financial information of the Guarantors.  Subsequent to their contribution to the TruGreen Joint Venture, EG Systems, LLC (formerly known as EG Systems, Inc.) and SLS Franchise Systems LLC are no longer guarantors of the   6.000%   Senior Notes. 
  
   112 

    THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Continued) 

The following information presents Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations for each of the three years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for each of the three years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years ended   September 30, 2016  , 2015 and 2014, and Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  The condensed consolidating financial information presents, in separate columns, financial information for: Scotts Miracle-Gro on a Parent-only basis, carrying its investment in subsidiaries under the equity method; Guarantors on a combined basis, carrying their investments in subsidiaries which do not guarantee the debt (collectively, the  Non-Guarantors ) under the equity method; Non-Guarantors on a combined basis; and eliminating entries.  The eliminating entries primarily reflect intercompany transactions, such as interest expense, accounts receivable and payable, short and long-term debt, and the elimination of equity investments, return on investments and income in subsidiaries.  Because the Parent is obligated to pay the unpaid principal amount and interest on all amounts borrowed by the Guarantors or Non-Guarantors under the credit facility (and was obligated to pay the unpaid principal amount and interest on all amounts borrowed by the Guarantors and Non-Guarantors under the previous senior secured five-year revolving loan facility), the borrowings and related interest expense for the loans outstanding of the Guarantors and Non-Guarantors are also presented in the accompanying Parent-only financial information, and are then eliminated.  Included in the Parent Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for fiscal 2016 are   $934.4 million   of dividends paid by the Guarantors and Non-Guarantors to the Parent representing return of investments and as such are classified within cash flows used in investing activities.  Included in the Parent Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 are   $255.5 million   and   $422.8 million  , respectively, of dividends paid by the Guarantors and Non-Guarantors to the Parent representing return on investments and as such are classified within cash flows from operating activities.  

113 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Statement of Operations 
  for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016    
  (in millions) 

114 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  for the   twelve months ended     September 30, 2016    
  (In millions) 

115 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
  for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016    
  (in millions) 

(a)   
    Cash received by the Parent from the Guarantors and non Guarantors in the form of dividends in the amount of   $934.4 million   represent return of investments and are included in cash flows from investing activities.  Cash received by the Guarantors from the Non-Guarantors in the form of dividends in the amount of $  1.5 million   represent return on investments and are included in the cash flows from operating activities.   
     
   116 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Balance Sheet 
  As of   September 30, 2016    
  (in millions) 

117 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Statement of Operations 
  for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015    
  (in millions) 

118 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  for the   twelve months ended     September 30, 2015    
  (In millions) 

119 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
  for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015    
  (in millions) 

(a)   
    Cash received by the Parent from the Guarantors in the form of dividends in the amount of   $255.5 million   represent return on investments and are included in cash flows from operating activities.  Cash received by the Guarantors from the Non-Guarantors in the form of dividends in the amount of   $25.8 million   represent return on investments and are included in the cash flows from operating activities.  
     
   120 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Balance Sheet 
  As of   September 30, 2015    
  (in millions) 

121 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Statement of Operations 
  for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014    
  (in millions) 

122 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  for the   twelve months ended     September 30, 2014    
  (In millions) 

123 

THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
  Condensed, Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
  for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014    
  (in millions) 

(a)   
    Cash received by the Parent from the Guarantors in the form of dividends in the amount of   $422.8 million   represent return on investments and are included in cash flows from operating activities.  Cash received by the Guarantors from the Non-Guarantors in the form of dividends in the amount of   $1.3 million   represent return on investments and are included in the cash flows from operating activities.  

124 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
  for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016    
                                                       Column A 
      
    Column B 
      
    Column C 
      
    Column D 
      
    Column E 
      
    Column F 
      Classification 
      
    Balance 
  at 
  Beginning 
  of Period 
      
    Reserves 
  Acquired 
      
    Additions 
  Charged 
  to 
  Expense 
      
    Deductions 
  Credited 
  and 
  Write-Offs 
      
    Balance 
  at End of 
  Period 

(In millions) 
      Valuation and qualifying accounts deducted from the assets to which they apply: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
      
    $ 
    6.5 

$ 

$ 
    4.1 

$ 
    (3.4 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    7.2 
      
      Income tax valuation allowance 
      
    45.8 

(0.9 
    ) 
      
    0.2 

45.1 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
  for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2015    
                                                       Column A 
      
    Column B 
      
    Column C 
      
    Column D 
      
    Column E 
      
    Column F 
      Classification 
      
    Balance 
  at 
  Beginning 
  of Period 
      
    Reserves 
  Acquired 
      
    Additions 
  Charged 
  to 
  Expense 
      
    Deductions 
  Credited 
  and 
  Write-Offs 
      
    Balance 
  at End of 
  Period 

(In millions) 
      Valuation and qualifying accounts deducted from the assets to which they apply: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
      
    $ 
    5.5 

$ 

$ 
    1.4 

$ 
    (0.4 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    6.5 
      
      Income tax valuation allowance 
      
    48.3 

1.5 

(4.0 
    ) 
      
    45.8 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
  for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2014    
                                                       Column A 
      
    Column B 
      
    Column C 
      
    Column D 
      
    Column E 
      
    Column F 
      Classification 
      
    Balance 
  at 
  Beginning 
  of Period 
      
    Reserves 
  Acquired 
      
    Additions 
  Charged 
  to 
  Expense 
      
    Deductions 
  Credited 
  and 
  Write-Offs 
      
    Balance 
  at End of 
  Period 

(In millions) 
      Valuation and qualifying accounts deducted from the assets to which they apply: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
      
    $ 
    7.5 

$ 

$ 
    1.6 

$ 
    (3.6 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    5.5 
      
      Income tax valuation allowance 
      
    51.5 

(1.5 
    ) 
      
    (1.7 
    ) 
      
    48.3 

125 

The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
  Index to Exhibits 

Exhibit 
  No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Location 
      3.1(a) 
      
    Initial Articles of Incorporation of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on November 22, 2004 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (the  Registrant ) filed March 24, 2005 [Exhibit 3.1] 

3.1(b) 
      
    Certificate of Amendment by Shareholders to Articles of Incorporation of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on March 18, 2005 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24, 2005 [Exhibit 3.2] 

3.2 
      
    Code of Regulations of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 24, 2005 [Exhibit 3.3] 

4.1(a) 
      
    Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2010, by and among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 16, 2010 [Exhibit 4.1] 

4.1(b) 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 28, 2011, by and among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011 filed November 23, 2011 [Exhibit 4.2(b)] 

4.1(c) 
      
    Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2013, among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 28, 2013 filed February 6, 2014 [Exhibit 4.2] 

4.1(d) 
      
    Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 25, 2014, among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 29, 2014 filed May 8, 2014 [Exhibit 4.1] 

4.1(e) 
      
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 27, 2015, among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2015 filed May 7, 2015 [Exhibit 4] 

4.1(f) 
      
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated October 26, 2015, among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 filed November 24, 2015 [Exhibit 4.1(f)] 

4.1(g) 
      
    Form of 6.625% Senior Notes due 2020 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 16, 2010 [Exhibit 4.2] 

4.2(a) 
      
    Indenture, dated as of October 13, 2015, by and among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 14, 2015 [Exhibit 4.1] 

4.2(b) 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated May 26, 2016, by and among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2016 filed August 10, 2016 [Exhibit 4] 

4.2(c) 
      
    Form of 6.000% Senior Notes due 2023 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 14, 2015 [Exhibit 4.2] 

126 

4.2(d) 
      
    Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2015, by and among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the guarantors named therein and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, as representative of the several initial purchasers named therein 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 14, 2015 [Exhibit 4.3] 

4.3 
      
    Agreement to furnish copies of instruments and agreements defining rights of holders of long-term debt 
      
    * 

10.1(a) 
      
    Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 19, 1995, among Stern s Miracle-Gro Products, Inc., Stern s Nurseries, Inc., Miracle-Gro Lawn Products Inc., Miracle-Gro Products Limited, Hagedorn Partnership, L.P., the general partners of Hagedorn Partnership, L.P., Horace Hagedorn, Community Funds, Inc., and John Kenlon, The Scotts Company and ZYX Corporation 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of The Scotts Company, a Delaware corporation, filed June 2, 1995 [Exhibit 2(b)] 

10.1(b) 
      
    First Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, made and entered into as of October 1, 1999, among The Scotts Company, Scotts  Miracle-Gro Products, Inc. (as successor to ZYX Corporation and Stern s Miracle-Gro Products, Inc.), Miracle-Gro Lawn Products Inc., Miracle-Gro Products Limited, Hagedorn Partnership, L.P., Community Funds, Inc., Horace Hagedorn and John Kenlon, and James Hagedorn, Katherine Hagedorn Littlefield, Paul Hagedorn, Peter Hagedorn, Robert Hagedorn and Susan Hagedorn 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K of The Scotts Company, an Ohio corporation, filed October 5, 1999 [Exhibit 2] 

10.2(a) 
      
    Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2015, by and among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, as a Borrower; the Subsidiary Borrowers (as defined therein); JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent; Bank of America, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co- Syndication Agents; CoBank, ACB, Mizuho Bank, LTD., Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.  Rabobank Nederland , New York Branch, TD Bank N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents; and the several other banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 3, 2015 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.2(b) 
      
    Amendment No. 1, dated as of February 8, 2016, to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated October 29, 2015, by and among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, as a Borrower; the Subsidiary Borrowers (as defined therein); JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent; Bank of America, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co- Syndication Agents; CoBank, ACB, Mizuho Bank, LTD., Co peratieve Rabobank U.S., New York Branch (formerly known as Co peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.  Rabobank Nederland , New York Branch), TD Bank N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents; and the several other banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 2, 2016 filed February 11, 2016 [Exhibit 10.3] 

10.2(c) 
      
    Fourth Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2015, made by The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, each domestic Subsidiary Borrower under the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and certain of its and their domestic subsidiaries, in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 3, 2015 [Exhibit 10.2] 

127 

10.2(d) 
      
    Amendment No. 1, dated July 29, 2016, to Fourth Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2015, made by The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, each domestic Subsidiary Borrower under the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and certain of its and their domestic subsidiaries, in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 2, 2016 filed August 10, 2016 [Exhibit 10] 

10.3(a)  
      
    The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company Long-Term Incentive Plan (reflects amendment and restatement of plan formerly known as The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan) [effective as of January 17, 2013] 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 24, 2013 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.3(b)  
      
    Specimen form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement for Nonemployee Directors (with Related Dividend Equivalents) used to evidence grants under the Long-Term Incentive Plan 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2015 filed May 7, 2015 [Exhibit 10.3] 

10.3(c)  
      
    Specimen form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement for Nonemployee Directors Retainer Deferrals (with Related Dividend Equivalents) used to evidence grants which may be made under the Long-Term Incentive Plan 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2015 filed May 7, 2015 [Exhibit 10.4] 

10.3(d)(i)  
      
    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Employees (with Related Dividend Equivalents) used to evidence grant of Restricted Stock Units made on December 11, 2013 to James Hagedorn under The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company Long-Term Incentive Plan 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 28, 2013 filed February 6, 2014 [Exhibit 10.10] 

10.3(d)(ii)  
      
    Specimen form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Third Party Service-Providers (with Related Dividend Equivalents) used to evidence grants which may be made under the Long-Term Incentive Plan 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2015 filed May 7, 2015 [Exhibit 10.5] 

10.3(d)(iii)  
      
    Specimen form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Employees (with Related Dividend Equivalents) used to evidence grants which may be made under the Long-Term Incentive Plan 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2015 filed May 7, 2015 [Exhibit 10.8] 

10.3(e)  
      
    Specimen form of Performance Unit Award Agreement for Employees (with Related Dividend Equivalents) used to evidence grants which may be made under the Long-Term Incentive Plan 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2015 filed May 7, 2015 [Exhibit 10.6] 

10.3(f)(i)  
      
    Specimen form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Employees used to evidence grants of Nonqualified Stock Options made under The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan (now known as The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company Long-Term Incentive Plan) [October 30, 2007 through October 8, 2008 version] 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007 filed November 29, 2007 [Exhibit 10(t)(3)] 

10.3(f)(ii)  
      
    Specimen form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Employees used to evidence grants of Nonqualified Stock Options made under The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan (now known as The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company Long-Term Incentive Plan) [January 20, 2010 through January 19, 2012 version] 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 2, 2010 filed February 11, 2010 [Exhibit 10.4] 

128 

10.3(f)(iii)  

Specimen form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Employees used to evidence grants of Nonqualified Stock Options made under The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan (now known as The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company Long-Term Incentive Plan) [January 20, 2012 through January 17, 2013 version] 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2011 filed February 8, 2012 [Exhibit 10.3] 

10.3(f)(iv)  
      
    Specimen form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for Employees used to evidence grants which may be made under the Long-Term Incentive Plan [post-January 17, 2013 version] 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2015 filed May 7, 2015 [Exhibit 10.7] 

10.4(a)  
      
    The Scotts Company LLC Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan (effective as of January 30, 2014) 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 5, 2014 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.4(b)(i)  
      
    Specimen form of Employee Confidentiality, Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation Agreement for employees participating in The Scotts Company Executive/Management Incentive Plan (now known as The Scotts Company LLC Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan) [2005 version] 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008 filed November 25, 2008 [Exhibit 10.2(b)(i)] 

10.4(b)(ii)  
      
    Specimen form of Employee Confidentiality, Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation Agreement for employees participating in The Scotts Company LLC Executive/Management Incentive Plan (now known as The Scotts Company LLC Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan) [post-2005 version] 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 1, 2006 filed August 10, 2006 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.4(b)(iii)  
      
    Employee Confidentiality, Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2013, by and between The Scotts Company LLC, all companies controlled by, controlling or under common control with The Scotts Company LLC, and James Hagedorn 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2013 [Exhibit 10.2] 

10.4(c)  
      
    Form of Retention Award Agreement evidencing the payment of a cash bonus on April 12, 2013 and the grant of Restricted Stock Units on May 8, 2013 under The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan (now known as The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company Long-Term Incentive Plan) to Thomas Coleman (executed by The Scotts Company LLC on May 14, 2013 and by Thomas Coleman on May 16, 2013) 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 29, 2014 filed May 8, 2014 [Exhibit 10.2] 

10.4(d)  
      
    Executive Officers of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company who are parties to form of Employee Confidentiality, Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation Agreement for employees participating in The Scotts Company LLC Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 10.4(b)(ii) 
      
    * 

10.5  
      
    The Scotts Company LLC Executive Retirement Plan, as Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2015 (executed December 31, 2014) 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 27, 2014 filed February 5, 2015 [Exhibit 10.2]  

10.6  
      
    Summary of Compensation for Nonemployee Directors of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (effective as of May 1, 2014) 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 filed November 25, 2014 [Exhibit 10.9] 

10.7  
      
    Executive Severance Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2013, by and between The Scotts Company LLC and James Hagedorn 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2013 [Exhibit 10.1] 

129 

10.8  
      
    Separation Agreement and Release of All Claims, entered into as of December 18, 2014, by and between The Scotts Company LLC and Barry W. Sanders 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19, 2014 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.9(a)  
      
    Consulting Agreement, dated March 6, 2015, between The Scotts Company LLC and Hanft Projects LLC [expired January 31, 2016] 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2015 filed May 7, 2015 [Exhibit 10.2] 

10.9(b)  
      
    Consulting Agreement, dated February 12, 2016, between The Scotts Company LLC and Hanft Projects LLC 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 2, 2016 filed May 11, 2016 [Exhibit 10.3] 

10.10  
      
    Incentive Compensation/Retention Award Agreement, dated February 11, 2016, between The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company and Michael C. Lukemire 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 2, 2016 filed May 11, 2016 [Exhibit 10.2] 

10.11(a)  
      
    The Scotts Company LLC Executive Severance Plan, adopted on May 4, 2011 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 10, 2011 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.11(b)  
      
    Form of Tier 1 Participation Agreement under The Scotts Company LLC Executive Severance Plan 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 10, 2011 [Exhibit 10.2] 

10.11(c)  
      
    Executive Officers of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company who are parties to form of Tier 1 Participation Agreement under The Scotts Company LLC Executive Severance Plan incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 10.11(b) 
      
    * 

10.12(a) 
      
    Amended and Restated Exclusive Agency and Marketing Agreement, effective as of September 30, 1998, and amended and restated as of November 11, 1998, by and between Monsanto Company and The Scotts Company LLC (as successor to The Scotts Company, an Ohio corporation) 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 filed December 15, 2005 [Exhibit 10(x)] 

10.12(b) 
      
    Letter Agreement, dated March 10, 2005, amending the Amended and Restated Exclusive Agency and Marketing Agreement, dated as of September 30, 1998, between Monsanto Company and The Scotts Company LLC (as successor to The Scotts Company, an Ohio corporation) 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2009 filed November 24, 2009 [Exhibit 10.17(b)] 

10.12(c) 
      
    Letter Agreement, dated March 28, 2008, amending the Amended and Restated Exclusive Agency and Marketing Agreement, dated as of September 30, 1998, between Monsanto Company and The Scotts Company LLC 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008 filed November 25, 2008 [Exhibit 10.18(b)] 

10.12(d) 
      
    Amendment to Amended and Restated Exclusive Agency and Marketing Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2015, between Monsanto Company and The Scotts Company LLC 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed May 20, 2015 [Exhibit 10.2] 

10.12(e) 
      
    Lawn and Garden Brand Extension Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2015, between Monsanto Company and The Scotts Company LLC 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed May 20, 2015 [Exhibit 10.3] 

10.12(f) 
      
    Commercialization and Technology Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2015, between Monsanto Company and The Scotts Company LLC 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed May 20, 2015 [Exhibit 10.4] 

10.13 
      
    Purchase Agreement, dated December 13, 2010, among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, as representative of the several initial purchasers named therein 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 16, 2010 [Exhibit 10.1] 

130 

10.14 
      
    Purchase Agreement, dated October 7, 2015, among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, as representative of the several initial purchasers named therein 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 14, 2015 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.15(a) 
      
    Amended and Restated Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2015, among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, The Scotts Company LLC, the Banks party thereto and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2015 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.15(b) 
      
    Waiver and First Amendment, dated as of March 23, 2016, to the Amended and Restated Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2015, among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, The Scotts Company LLC, the Banks party thereto and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 29, 2016 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.15(c) 
      
    Second Amendment, dated as of August 25, 2016, to the Amended and Restated Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2015, among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, The Scotts Company LLC, the Banks party thereto and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent and Bank 

Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 26, 2016 [Exhibit 10.1] 

10.16 
      
    Contribution and Distribution Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2015, by and among The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company and TruGreen Holdings Corporation 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 2, 2016 filed February 11, 2016 [Exhibit 10.5] 

10.17 
      
    Form of Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement for Executive Officers 
      
    Incorporated herein by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 2, 2016 filed May 11, 2016 [Exhibit 10.4] 

12 
      
    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
      
    * 

21 
      
    Subsidiaries of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
      
    * 

23 
      
    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   Deloitte   Touche LLP 
      
    * 

24 
      
    Powers of Attorney of Executive Officers and Directors of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
      
    * 

31.1 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications (Principal Executive Officer) 
      
    * 

31.2 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications (Principal Financial Officer) 
      
    * 

32 
      
    Section 1350 Certifications (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
      
    * 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      
    * 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
      
    * 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
      
    * 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
      
    * 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
      
    * 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
      
    * 

131 

* 
    Filed or furnished herewith. 
             
    Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 

132 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 exhibit43smg930201610kfy16.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.3 

November 28, 2016    

Securities and Exchange Commission 
  100 F Street, N.E. 
  Washington, D.C.  20549 
    
           Re: 
    The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016    
       
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
    
  The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation ( Scotts Miracle-Gro ), is today filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Form 10-K ). 
    
    Neither Scotts Miracle-Gro nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries has outstanding any instrument or agreement with respect to its long-term debt, other than those filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Form 10-K, under which the total amount of long-term debt authorized exceeds ten percent (10%) of the total assets of Scotts Miracle-Gro and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.  In accordance with the provisions of Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of SEC Regulation S-K, Scotts Miracle-Gro hereby agrees to furnish to the SEC, upon request, a copy of each such instrument or agreement defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of Scotts Miracle-Gro or the rights of holders of long-term debt of one of Scotts Miracle-Gro s consolidated subsidiaries, in each case which is not being filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. 
    
  Very truly yours, 
    
  THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
    
  /s/ THOMAS RANDAL COLEMAN 
    
  Thomas Randal Coleman 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  
   14111 Scottslawn Road Marysville, OH 43041 937-644-0011      www.scotts.com 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.4D>
 3
 exhibit104dsmg930201610kfy16.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4D

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.4(d) 

Executive Officers of 
  The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
  who are parties to form of 
  Employee Confidentiality, Noncompetition, 
  Nonsolicitation Agreement for employees 
  participating in The Scotts Company LLC 
  Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan 

Date of Employee Confidentiality, 
      Name and Principal Position 
      
    Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation 
      with The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
      
    Agreement 

Thomas Randal Coleman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      
    May 15, 2006 

Michael C. Lukemire, President and Chief Operating Officer 
      
    June 26, 2006 

Ivan C. Smith, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
      
    June 26, 2006 

Denise S. Stump, Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources and Chief Ethics Officer 
      
    August 8, 2006 

</EX-10.4D>

<EX-10.11C>
 4
 exhibit1011csmg930201610k16.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.11C

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.11(c) 

Executive Officers of 
  The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
  who are parties to form of 
  Tier 1 Participation Agreement under 
  The Scotts Company LLC Executive Severance Plan 

Effective Date of 
      Name and Principal Position 
      
    Tier 1 Participation 
      with The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
      
    Agreement 

Denise S. Stump, Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources and Chief Ethics Officer 
      
    November 5, 2011 

Michael C. Lukemire, President and Chief Operating Officer 
      
    April 26, 2012 

Ivan C. Smith, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
      
    July 10, 2013 

Thomas Randal Coleman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      
    April 15, 2014 

</EX-10.11C>

<EX-12>
 5
 exhibit12smg930201610kfy16.htm
 EXHIBIT 12

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12 
  The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

(1) 
    Includes amortization of capitalized interest, adjustments for non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries and distributed earnings of equity investees. Interest expense recorded on tax exposures has been recorded in income tax expense and has therefore been excluded from the calculation. 
              (2) 
    Includes amortization of deferred financing and issuance costs related to indebtedness.   

</EX-12>

<EX-21>
 6
 exhibit21smg930201610kfy16.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21 

DIRECT AND INDIRECT SUBSIDIARIES OF 
  THE SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY 
    
  Directly owned subsidiaries, as of September 30, 2016, are located at the left margin, each subsidiary tier thereunder is indented.  Subsidiaries are listed under the names of their respective parent entities.  Unless otherwise noted, the subsidiaries are wholly-owned. 
                     
  NAME 
      
    JURISDICTION OF FORMATION 

GenSource, Inc. 
      
    Ohio 
      Gutwein   Co., Inc. 
      
    Indiana 
      OMS Investments, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
         Scotts Temecula Operations, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Sanford Scientific, Inc. 
      
    New York 
      Scotts Global Investments, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Scotts Global Services, Inc. 
      
    Ohio 
      Scotts Luxembourg SARL 
      
    Luxembourg 
      Scotts Manufacturing Company 
      
    Delaware 
         Miracle-Gro Lawn Products, Inc. 
      
    New York 
      Scotts Products Co. 
      
    Ohio 
         Scotts Servicios, S.A. de C.V.   1  
      
    Mexico 
      Scotts Professional Products Co. 
      
    Ohio 
         Scotts Servicios, S.A. de C.V.   1  
      
    Mexico 
      SLS Holdings, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
         Outdoor Home Services Holdings LLC   2  
      
    Delaware 
      SMG Growing Media, Inc. 
      
    Ohio 
         AeroGrow International, Inc.   3  
      
    Nevada 
         Hyponex Corporation 
      
    Delaware 
         Rod McLellan Company 
      
    California 
         The Hawthorne Gardening Company 
      
    Delaware 
            Hawthorne Canada Limited 
      
    Canada 
            Hawthorne Hydroponics LLC 
      
    Delaware 
            Hawthorne Holdings B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
               Hawthorne Gardening B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
                  Gavita Partners B.V.   4  
      
    Netherlands 
                     Gavita International B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
                        Gavita Holdings B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
                           Gavita Holland B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
                           Gavita Nederland B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
                        Gavita Holland 2 B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
                           Gavita Worldwide B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
                              Gavita USA, LLC 
      
    California 
                        Gavita Nederland 2 B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
                           Gavita Canada Inc. 
      
    Canada 
                        Gavita AS 
      
    Norway 

HGCI, Inc. 
      
    Nevada 
      SMGM LLC 
      
    Ohio 
         Scotts-Sierra Investments LLC 
      
    Delaware 
            ASEF B.V. 
      
    Netherlands 
            Scotts Asia, Limited 
      
    Hong Kong 
            Scotts Australia Pty Limited 
      
    Australia 
               Scotts Gardening Fertilizer (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. 
      
    China 
            Scotts Benelux BVBA   5  
      
    Belgium 
            Scotts Canada Ltd. 
      
    Canada 
               Laketon Peat Moss Inc.   6  
      
    Canada 
            Scotts Czech s.r.o. 
      
    Czech Republic 
            Scotts de Mexico SA de CV   7  
      
    Mexico 
            Scotts France Holdings SARL 
      
    France 
               Scotts France SAS 
      
    France 
            Scotts Celaflor GmbH 
      
    Germany 
               Scotts Celaflor HGmbH 
      
    Austria 
            Scotts Holdings Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
               Levington Group Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
                  The Scotts Company (UK) Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
                     The Scotts Company (Manufacturing) Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
                     Humax Horticulture Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
               O M Scott International Investments Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
            Scotts Poland Sp.z.o.o. 
      
    Poland 
            Teak 2, Ltd. 
      
    Delaware 
      Swiss Farms Products, Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      The Scotts Company LLC 
      
    Ohio 
         iConservo Incorporated   8  
      
    California 
         The Scotts Miracle-Gro Foundation 
      
    Ohio 

________________________ 
       5    OMS Investments, Inc. owns 0.1% and Scotts-Sierra Investments LLC owns the remaining 99.9%. 
   6    Scotts Canada Ltd.'s ownership is 50.0%. 
   7    The Scotts Company LLC owns 0.5% and Scotts-Sierra Investments LLC owns the remaining 99.5%. 
   8    The Scotts Company LLC s ownership is 20%. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 exhibit23smg930201610kfy16.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 033-47073, 333-06061, 333-27561, 333-72715, 333-76697, 333-104490, 333-124503, 333-131466, 333-147397, 333-153925, 333-154364 and 333-186187 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-208554 on Form S-3 of our reports dated   November 28, 2016   relating to the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedules of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company and subsidiaries (the  Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  /s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
  Columbus, Ohio 
  November 28, 2016    

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 8
 exhibit24smg930201610kfy16.htm
 EXHIBIT 24

Exhibit 

Exhibit 24 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn, Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ BRIAN D. FINN 

Brian D. Finn 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned officer and director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ JAMES HAGEDORN 

James Hagedorn 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn, Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ ADAM HANFT 

Adam Hanft 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn, Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ MICHELLE A. JOHNSON 

Michelle A. Johnson 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn, Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ STEPHEN L. JOHNSON 

Stephen L. Johnson 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn, Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ THOMAS N. KELLY JR. 

Thomas N. Kelly Jr. 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn, Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ KATHERINE HAGEDORN LITTLEFIELD 

Katherine Hagedorn Littlefield 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn, Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ JAMES F. MCCANN 

James F. McCann 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn, Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ NANCY G. MISTRETTA 

Nancy G. Mistretta 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned director of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn, Thomas Randal Coleman and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ JOHN R. VINES 

John R. Vines 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned officer of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, an Ohio corporation (the  Corporation ), which anticipates filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  , hereby constitutes and appoints James Hagedorn and Ivan C. Smith, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10 K and any and all amendments thereto ( Annual Report on Form 10-K ), and any and all applications or documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, each in such form as they or any one of them may approve, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and grants unto each said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he could do if personally present.  The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 21st day of November, 2016. 

/s/ THOMAS RANDAL COLEMAN 

Thomas Randal Coleman 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 exhibit311smg930201610kfy16.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, James Hagedorn, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                       Date: November 28, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ JAMES HAGEDORN 

Printed Name: James Hagedorn 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 exhibit312smg930201610kfy16.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Thomas Randal Coleman, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                       Date: November 28, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ THOMAS RANDAL COLEMAN 

Printed Name: Thomas Randal Coleman 

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 11
 exhibit32smg930201610kfy16.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS* 
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (the  Company ) for the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned James Hagedorn, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company, and Thomas Randal Coleman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of their knowledge: 
    
           1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries. 
                            
    /s/ JAMES HAGEDORN 

/s/ THOMAS RANDAL COLEMAN 
        
    Printed Name: James Hagedorn 

Printed Name: Thomas Randal Coleman 
        
    Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

November 28, 2016 

November 28, 2016 

* 
    THESE CERTIFICATIONS ARE BEING FURNISHED AS REQUIRED BY RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (THE  EXCHANGE ACT ) AND SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE, AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED  FILED  FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 18 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO THE LIABILITY OF THAT SECTION. THESE CERTIFICATIONS SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO BE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO ANY FILING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR THE EXCHANGE ACT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE COMPANY SPECIFICALLY INCORPORATES THESE CERTIFICATIONS BY REFERENCE. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 smg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 smg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 smg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 smg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 smg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 smg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

