<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-K_edgar_data_1023459_0001683168-16-000633_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4409223</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>174797</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>268636</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>989117</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1823387</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1049693</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>95</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000633.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114160244
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000633
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIMULATIONS PLUS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001023459
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				954595609
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32046
		FILM NUMBER:		161994693

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		42505 10TH STREET WEST
		STREET 2:		*
		CITY:			LANCASTER
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93534-7059
		BUSINESS PHONE:		661-723-7723

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		42505 10TH STREET WEST
		CITY:			LANCASTER
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93534-7059

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000633.txt : 20161114

10-K
 1
 simulations_10k-083116.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, DC 20549 
 
FORM 10-K 

[x]       ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year
ended August 31, 2016 

 or 

 [_]       TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition
period from _________ to _________ 

  Commission
file number: 001-32046  

Simulations Plus, Inc. 

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:  

Title of Each Class  
          Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share   
     
          Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  
          NASDAQ Stock Market LLC    

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: NONE  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   Yes   [_]  No  [X] 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   Yes  [_]  No  [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filings requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  [X]  No  [_] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes  [X]  No  [_] 

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.           [X] 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

[_]  Large accelerated filer 
     [X]  Accelerated filer  

[_]  Non-accelerated
        filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
     [X]   Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No [X] 

 The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of February 28, 2016, based upon the closing price of the common stock
as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market on such date, was approximately $102,975,104. This calculation does not reflect a determination
that persons are affiliates for any other purposes. 

 As of November 14, 2016, 17,226,478
shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Certain portions of the registrant s
definitive proxy statement to be delivered to its shareholders in connection with the registrant s 2017 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. Such definitive proxy statement will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Simulations Plus, Inc. 
FORM 10-K 
For the Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2016 

Table of Contents 

Page   
 
      PART I   

ITEM 1
      BUSINESS 
     1  
 
     ITEM 1A   RISK FACTORS 
     9  
 
     ITEM 1B   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
     9  
 
     ITEM 2
      PROPERTIES 
     9  
 
     ITEM 3   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     10  
 
     ITEM 4   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
     10  

PART II    

ITEM 5   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
     11  
 
     ITEM 6   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
     12  
 
     ITEM 7   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     12  
 
     ITEM 7A   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     22  
 
     ITEM 8   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
     22  
 
     ITEM 9   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
     22  
 
     ITEM 9A   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     22  
 
     ITEM 9B   OTHER INFORMATION 
     23  

PART III  

ITEM 10   DIRECTORS, AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
     24  
 
     ITEM 11   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
     24  
 
     ITEM 12
      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
     24  
 
     ITEM 13   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
     24  
 
     ITEM 14   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
     24  

PART IV  

ITEM 15   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
     25  
 
     SIGNATURES 
     27  

i       

Forward-Looking Statements 

This document and the documents incorporated
in this document by reference contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other
than statements of historical fact contained in this document and the materials accompanying this document are forward-looking
statements. 

The forward-looking statements are based
on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Frequently,
but not always, forward-looking statements are identified by the use of the future tense and by words such as  believes, 
expects,   anticipates,   intends,   will,   may,   could,   would, 
 projects,   continues,   estimates  or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are
not guarantees of future performance and actual results could differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our or our industry s
actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

The forward-looking statements contained
or incorporated by reference in this document are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended ( Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange
Act ), and are subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements
include declarations regarding our plans, intentions, beliefs or current expectations. 

Among the important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements are the risks and uncertainties described
under  Risk Factors  in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 

Forward-looking statements are expressly
qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made as
of the date of this document and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect new information,
subsequent events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

PART
I  

ITEM 1  BUSINESS 

As used in this report, each of the terms
 we,   us,   our,  the  Company  and  Simulations Plus  refers to Simulations
Plus, Inc. and Cognigen Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Simulations Plus, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise
requires. 

OVERVIEW  

Simulations Plus, Inc., incorporated in
1996, is a premier developer of groundbreaking drug discovery and development software for mechanistic modeling and simulation,
for machine-learning-based prediction of properties of molecules solely from their structure, and is exploring the application
of its machine-learning technologies in other industries, including aerospace/military and general healthcare. Our pharmaceutical/chemistry
software is licensed to major pharmaceutical, biotechnology, agrochemical, and food industry companies and to regulatory agencies
worldwide for use in the conduct of industry-based research. We also provide consulting services ranging from early drug discovery
through preclinical and clinical trial data analysis and for submissions to regulatory agencies. Simulations Plus is headquartered
in Southern California, with offices in Buffalo, New York, and its common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol
 SLP.  

In September 2014, Simulations
Plus acquired Cognigen Corporation (Cognigen) as a wholly-owned subsidiary pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of July 23, 2014, by and between Simulations Plus and Cognigen (the  Merger Agreement ). Cognigen, was originally
incorporated in 1992. Through the integration of Cognigen into Simulations Plus, Simulations Plus is now also a leading provider
of population modeling and simulation contract research services for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Our clinical-pharmacology-based
consulting services include pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic modeling, clinical trial simulations, data programming, and technical
writing services in support of regulatory submissions. We have also developed software for harnessing cloud-based computing in
support of modeling and simulation activities and secure data archiving, and we provide consulting services to improve interdisciplinary
collaborations and research and development productivity. 

We are a global leader
focused on improving the ways scientists use knowledge and data to predict the properties and outcomes of pharmaceutical and biotechnology
agents, and are one of only two global companies who provide a wide range of preclinical and clinical consulting services and software.
Our innovations in integrating new and existing science in medicinal chemistry, computational chemistry, pharmaceutical science,
biology, physiology, and machine learning into our software have made us the leading software provider for physiologically based
pharmacokinetics (PBPK) modeling and simulation and for prediction of molecular properties from structure. 

We generate revenue by
delivering relevant, cost-effective software and creative and insightful consulting services. Pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies use our software programs and scientific knowledge to guide early drug discovery (molecule design and screening), preclinical,
and clinical development programs. They also use it to enhance their understanding of the properties of potential new medicines
and to use emerging data to improve formulations, select and justify dosing regimens, support the generics industry, optimize clinical
trial design, and simulate outcomes in special populations, such as the elderly and pediatric patients. 

PRODUCTS  

General  

 We currently offer eight software products
for pharmaceutical research and development: three simulation programs that provide time-dependent results based on solving large
sets of differential equations: GastroPlus  DDDPlus  and MembranePlus  three programs that are based on predicting
and analyzing static (not time-dependent) properties of chemicals: ADMET Predictor  MedChem Designer  and MedChem
Studio  (the combination of ADMET Predictor, MedChem Designer, and MedChem Studio is called our ADMET Design Suite );
one recently-announced program for rapid clinical trial data analysis and regulatory submissions called PKPlus  and one
program called KIWI  that provides an integrated platform for data analysis and reporting through our proprietary secure
cloud. During the fourth fiscal quarter of the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, we announced the release of our newest software
offering, PKPlus , a next-generation software package for noncompartmental and compartmental pharmacokinetic analysis and
reporting, which is further described below. 

GastroPlus   

 Our flagship product and currently our
largest source of revenue is GastroPlus. GastroPlus simulates the absorption, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of drugs administered
to humans and animals, and is currently the most widely used software of its type by pharmaceutical companies, the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (FDA), the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH), and other government agencies in the U.S. and other countries.
The FDA currently has 70 GastroPlus licenses. 

Because of the widespread use of GastroPlus,
we were the only non-European company invited to join the European Innovative Medicines Initiative (IMI) program for Oral Bioavailability
Tools (OrBiTo). OrBiTo, begun in 2012, is an international collaboration among 27 industry, academic, and government organizations
working in the area of oral absorption of pharmaceutical products. Because we are outside of the European Union, our participation
in this project is at our own expense, while other members are compensated for their work; however, we are a full member with access
to all of the data and discussions of all other members. We believe our investment to participate in this initiative enables us
to benefit from, and to contribute to, advancing the prediction of human oral bioavailability from preclinical data, and ensures
that we are well-known to member pharmaceutical companies and regulatory agencies. 

In September 2016 we announced that Simulations
Plus had been invited to join the European SimInhale Consortium and had been admitted to this prestigious group focused on advancing
the state of the art for simulation of inhaled dosage forms. As one of only two U.S. participants, Simulations Plus will participate
in activities designed to  advance particle designs for improved deposition and interaction with lung
tissue; promote realistic computer simulations of particle aerosolization, delivery and deposition; promote patient-tailored inhaled
medicines; promote integration of device and formulation design; and promote critical assessment of toxicity issues and related
risks.  

In September 2014, we entered into a research
collaboration agreement (RCA) with the FDA to enhance the Ocular Compartmental Absorption and Transit (OCAT ) model within
the Additional Dosing Routes Module of GastroPlus. The objective of this agreement is to provide a tool for generic companies and
the FDA to assess the likely bioequivalence of generic drug formulations dosed to the eye. Under this RCA, we receive up to $200,000
per year. This RCA may be renewed for up to a total of three years based on the progress achieved during the project. After a successful
second year, the RCA was renewed for its third year in September 2016, and will expire in September 2017. 

We were awarded another RCA by the FDA
in September 2015, this time to expand the capabilities of GastroPlus to simulate the dosing of long-acting injectable microspheres.
This type of dosage form is usually injected via subcutaneous or intramuscular routes, but can also be used for ocular dosing.
Once again, this RCA provides up to $200,000 per year for up to three years. Under this agreement, we are developing simulation
models to deal with the slow dissolution/decomposition of the microsphere carrier material that gradually releases the active drug
over periods as long as weeks or months. After a successful first year, the RCA was renewed for the second year in September 2016,
and will expire in September 2017 unless re-renewed. 

In addition to the two funded efforts with
the FDA described above, we also have an unfunded RCA with the FDA s Office of Generic Drugs (OGD) that began in 2014. The
objective of this RCA, which has a five-year term, is directed toward the FDA s evaluation of mechanistic IVIVCs ( in vitro-in
vivo  correlations) to determine whether mechanistic absorption modeling (MAM) can relate laboratory ( in vitro ) dissolution
experiment results to the behavior of dosage forms in humans and animals ( in vivo ) better than traditional empirical methods. 

In April 2015, we released Version 9.0
of GastroPlus. This was the largest single upgrade we have made to the program to date, and the added level of science and technology
enabled valuable new functionalities that we believe provide the most advanced decision-making tool for preclinical and early clinical
trial simulation and modeling analysis available today. Several of the significant enhancements include: 

ability to simulate the absorption and distribution of biologics (antibodies and proteins);  

ability to simulate dosing to the skin, including patches, creams, ointments, and subcutaneous injections; and  

tighter integration with our ADMET Predictor  software to increase the utility of the program in early drug discovery.  

Our goal with GastroPlus is to integrate
the most advanced science into user-friendly software to enable pharmaceutical researchers and regulators to perform sophisticated
analyses of complex drug behaviors in humans and laboratory animals. Already the most widely used program in the world for physiologically
based pharmacokinetics (PBPK), the addition of these new capabilities is expected to expand the user base in the early pharmaceutical
research and development process, while also helping us further penetrate the biopharmaceuticals, food, cosmetics, and general
toxicology markets. 

We are now finalizing the development of
version 9.5 of GastroPlus, which will add a number of new capabilities and will refine and enhance some of the existing capabilities
in the program, including intramuscular dosing, simulation of antibody-drug conjugates, additional animal physiologies, enhanced
report generation, and enhancements to the PBPK tissue models. We expect to release version 9.5 before the end of calendar year
2016. 

DDDPlus    

 DDDPlus simulates  in vitro  (laboratory)
experiments that measure the rate of dissolution of a drug and, if desired, the additives (excipients) in a particular dosage form
(e.g., powder, tablet, or capsule) under a variety of experimental conditions. This unique software program is used by formulation
scientists in industry and the FDA to (1) understand the physical mechanisms affecting the dissolution rate for various formulations,
(2) reduce the number of cut-and-try attempts to design new drug formulations, and (3) design  in vitro  dissolution experiments
to better mimic  in vivo  (animal and human) conditions. Version 5.0 of DDDPlus, which adds a number of significant enhancements,
was released in April 2016. This version adds new formulation types (controlled release bilayer tablet, delayed release coated
tablet, and immediate release coated beads), expanded formulation specification options, biorelevant solubilities and surfactant
effects on dissolution, tablet compression and disintegration models, links with GastroPlus, and updated licensing. 

MembranePlus    

 MembranePlus was released in October 2014.
Similar to DDDPlus, MembranePlus simulates laboratory experiments, but in this case, the experiments are for measuring permeability
of drug-like molecules through various membranes, including several different standard cell cultures (Caco-2, MDCK), as well as
artificially formulated membranes (PAMPA). The value of such a simulation derives from the fact that when the permeabilities of
the same molecules are measured in different laboratories using (supposedly) the same experimental conditions, the results are
often significantly different. These differences are caused by a complex interplay of factors in how the experiment was set up
and run. MembranePlus simulates these experiments with their specific experimental details, and this enables scientists to better
interpret how results from specific experimental protocols can be used to predict permeability in human and animals, which is the
ultimate goal. A few initial sales of MembranePlus have been made. Similar to DDDPlus ten years ago, this program is a new concept
that requires educating scientists on how and why to use it, and our marketing and sales program has been tasked with providing
that training. 

PKPlus    

 On August 25, 2016, we announced the release
of a new standalone software product called PKPlus, based on the internal PKPlus Module in GastroPlus that has been available since
2000. The PKPlus Module in GastroPlus provides quick and easy fitting of compartmental pharmacokinetic (PK) models as well as noncompartmental
analysis (NCA) for intravenous and extravascular (oral, dermal, ocular, pulmonary, etc.) doses; however, the PKPlus Module in GastroPlus
was not designed to meet all of the requirements for performing these analyses for Phase 2 and 3 clinical trials and producing
report-quality output for regulatory submissions. The new standalone PKPlus program has been developed to provide the full level
of functionality needed by pharmaceutical industry scientists to perform the analyses and generate the outputs needed to fully
satisfy regulatory agency requirements for both NCA and compartmental PK modeling. We believe the potential number of eventual
users for PKPlus is in the thousands world-wide and that it has the potential to eventually become one of our leading revenue producers. 

ADMET Predictor    

 ADMET (Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism,
Excretion, and Toxicity) Predictor is a chemistry-based computer program that takes molecular structures (i.e., drawings of molecules
represented in various formats) as inputs and predicts approximately 150 different properties for them at an average rate of over
100,000 compounds per hour on a modern laptop computer. This capability allows chemists to generate estimates for a large number
of important molecular properties without the need to synthesize and test the molecules, as well as to generate estimates of unknown
properties for molecules that have been synthesized, but for which only a limited number of experimental properties have been measured.
Thus, a chemist can assess the likely success of a large number of existing molecules in a company s chemical library, as
well as molecules that have never been made, by providing their molecular structures, either by drawing them using a tool such
as our MedChem Designer software, or by automatically generating large numbers of molecules using various computer algorithms,
including those embedded in our MedChem Studio software. 

ADMET Predictor has been top-ranked for
predictive accuracy in multiple peer-reviewed, independent comparison studies, while generating its results at a high throughput
rate. Although the state of the art of this type of software does not enable identifying the best molecule in a series, it does
allow early screening of molecules that are highly likely to fail as potential drug candidates (i.e., the worst molecules, which
is usually the majority of a chemical library) before synthesizing and testing them. Thus, millions of virtual compounds can be
created and screened in a day, compared to potentially months or years of work to actually synthesize and test a much smaller number
of actual compounds. 

The most recent release of ADMET Predictor,
version 8.0, was released on August 1, 2016. This new version features a completely redesigned and modernized interface as well
as a number of new capabilities to enhance the performance and user-friendliness of the program. In addition, we have integrated
a number of MedChem Studio features into the new ADMET Predictor, and created a tighter integration between the two programs when
a MedChem Studio license is obtained along with an ADMET Predictor license. 

The optional ADMET Modeler  Module
in ADMET Predictor enables scientists to use their own experimental data to quickly create proprietary high-quality predictive
models using the same powerful machine-learning methods we use to build our top-ranked property predictions. Pharmaceutical companies
expend substantial time and money conducting a wide variety of experiments on new molecules each year, generating large databases
of experimental data. Using this proprietary data to build predictive models can provide a second return on their investment; however,
model building has traditionally been a difficult and tedious activity performed by specialists. The automation in ADMET Modeler
makes it easy for a scientist to create very powerful models with minimal training. 

Potential new markets for machine
learning   

 We are currently investigating applications
of our sophisticated machine-learning engine outside of our normal pharmaceutical markets. To date, we have conducted several proof-of-concept
studies including: (1) building predictive models for missile aerodynamic force and moment coefficients as a function of missile
geometry, Mach number, and angle of attack, (2) classifying/identifying missiles and other objects from radar tracking data, (3)
mapping jet engine compressor performance to predict when maintenance might be required, and (4) classifying patients as healthy
or experiencing some disease state or genetic disorder evidenced by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain. Other potential
applications for this modeling engine have also been identified; however, our focus to date has been primarily in these areas. 

We believe our proprietary machine-learning
software engine has a wide variety of potential applications and we intend to pursue funding to develop customized tools to further
monetize our investment in this technology by expanding our markets beyond the life sciences and chemistry. In addition, we are
examining a variety of expanded capabilities to add to the basic modeling engine to accommodate even larger data sets ( big
data analytics ) and new applications. 

MedChem Designer    

 MedChem Designer was launched in 2011.
It was initially a molecule-drawing program, or  sketcher , but now has capabilities exceeding those of other molecule-drawing
programs because of its integration with both MedChem Studio and ADMET Predictor. We provide MedChem Designer for free because
we believe that in the long run it will help to increase demand for ADMET Predictor and MedChem Studio, and because most other
existing molecule-drawing programs are also provided for free. Our free version includes a small set of ADMET Predictor s
best-in-class property predictions, allowing the chemist to modify molecular structures and then see a few key properties very
quickly. With a paid ADMET Predictor license, the chemist would see the entire approximately 150 predictions that are available.
Over 16,000 copies of MedChem Designer have been downloaded by scientists around the world to date. 

When used with a license for ADMET Predictor,
MedChem Designer becomes a  de novo  molecule design tool. With it, a researcher can draw one or more molecular structures,
then click on the ADMET Predictor icon and have approximately150 properties for each structure calculated in seconds, including
our proprietary ADMET Risk  index. Researchers can also click on an icon to generate the likely metabolites of a molecule
and then predict all of the properties of those metabolites from ADMET Predictor, including each of their ADMET Risk scores. This
is important because a metabolite of a molecule can be therapeutically beneficial (or harmful) even though the parent molecule
is not. 

Our proprietary ADMET Risk score provides
a single number that tells the chemist how many default threshold values for various predicted properties were crossed (or violated)
by each structure. Thus, in a single number, the chemist can instantly compare the effects of different structural changes in many
dimensions. The ideal score is zero; however, a low score greater than zero might be acceptable, depending on what property(s)
caused the points to be assigned. If the number is too high (greater than 5 or 6), the molecule is not likely to be successful
as a drug. The default rules can be modified and new rules can be added by the user to include any desired rule set based on any
combination of calculated descriptors, predicted properties, and user inputs. As chemists attempt to modify structures to improve
one property, they often cause others to become unacceptable. Without ADMET Risk, the chemist would have to individually examine
many key properties for each new molecule (and its metabolites) to determine whether any of them became unacceptable as a result
of changing the structure. 

MedChem Studio    

 MedChem Studio is a powerful software tool
that is used both for data mining and for  de novo  design of new molecules. In its data-mining role, MedChem Studio facilitates
searching large chemical libraries to find molecules that contain identified substructures, and it enables rapid identification
of clusters (classes) of molecules that share common substructures. MedChem Studio version 4.0 was released during fiscal year
2014. We have now merged MedChem Studio with the refactoring of ADMET Predictor 8.0, so that either program can be entered through
the same interface, and the communication between the two programs is enhanced through the seamless integration of both technologies.
We believe this will enhance the attractiveness of both ADMET Predictor and MedChem Studio to medicinal and computational chemists. 

While MedChem Designer can be used to refine
a small number of molecules, MedChem Studio can be used to create and screen (with ADMET Predictor) very large numbers of molecules
down to a few promising lead candidates. MedChem Studio has features that enable it to generate new molecular structures using
a variety of  de novo  design methods. When MedChem Studio is used with ADMET Predictor and MedChem Designer (the combination
of which we refer to as our ADMET Design Suite), we believe the programs provide an unmatched capability for chemists to search
through large libraries of compounds that have undergone high-throughput screening experiments to find the most promising classes
(groups of molecules with a large common part of their structures) and molecules that are active against a particular target. In
addition, MedChem Studio can take an interesting (but not acceptable) molecule and, using a variety of design algorithms, quickly
generate many thousands to millions of high quality analogs (similar new molecules). These molecules can then be screened using
ADMET Predictor to find molecules that are predicted to be both active against the target and acceptable in a variety of ADMET
properties. We demonstrated the power of the ADMET Design Suite during two NCE (new chemical entity) projects wherein we designed
lead molecules to inhibit the growth of the  plasmodium falciparum  malaria parasite in one study and lead molecules that
were combined COX-1 and COX-2 inhibitors. In each case, we announced ahead of time that we were attempting to do this, and we reported
the results when the projects were complete. Every molecule we designed and had synthesized hit their targets in both projects. 

KIWI TM    

 Drug development programs rely increasingly
on modeling and simulation analyses to support decision-making and submissions to regulatory agencies. To ensure high-quality analyses,
organizations must not only apply high-quality science, but must also be able to support the science by being able to validate
the results. KIWI is a cloud-based web application that was developed to efficiently organize, process, maintain, and communicate
the volume of data and results generated by pharmacologists and scientists over the duration of a drug development program. The
validated workflow and tools within KIWI promote traceability and reproducibility of results. 

The pharmaceutical industry has been rapidly
adopting cloud technology as a solution to ever-expanding computer processing needs. Leveraging our 20-plus years of experience
in providing an architecture supporting modeling and simulation efforts, we have developed KIWI as a secure, validated, enterprise-scale
environment, enabling global teams to collaborate on model-based decision making. KIWI has proven to be a valuable platform for
encouraging interdisciplinary discussions about the model development process and interpretation of results. We continue to receive
positive feedback about the functionality implemented in KIWI and the value of the approach we have taken to harness cloud technology.
We continue to improve functionality and collaboration within the KIWI platform, and we expect the licensing fee will be a source
of recurring revenue for further development and growth. KIWI Version 1.3 was released in May 2015. This version of KIWI provides
our user community with access to new features that accelerate completion of modeling projects by decreasing run times and facilitating
the comparison and exporting of results across models. These features include dynamic comparisons of model parameter estimates
and diagnostic plots, export of model run records for regulatory submissions, and accelerated infrastructure with the upgrade to
the latest versions of NONMEM  and Perl-speaks-NONMEM running in a 64-bit Linux environment. 

KIWI Version 1.5 was released in March
2016. This new version introduced major enhancements in the functionality of visualization tools offered by the platform. These
enhancements include simplifying the creation of plots and comparing them across multiple models, thus accelerating the model refinement
process. In addition, analysts can now conveniently copy visualization preferences across projects, improving consistency and facilitating
collaboration and communication with clients and colleagues. 

Contract Research and Consulting Services  

 Our scientists and engineers have expertise
in drug absorption via various dosing routes (oral, intravenous, ocular, nasal/pulmonary, and dermal), pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics.
They have been speakers or presenters at over 150 scientific meetings worldwide in the past four years. We frequently conduct contracted
consulting studies for large customers (including the five largest pharmaceutical companies) who have particularly difficult problems
and who recognize our expertise in solving them, as well as for smaller customers who prefer to have studies run by our scientists
rather than to license our software and train someone to use it. The demand for our consulting services has been steadily increasing,
and we have expanded our consulting teams to meet the increased workload. 

We closed a five-year consulting agreement
with a major research foundation to implement a platform for coordinating the data generated by global teams engaged in model-based
drug development and began work on the project. 

We currently are working with the FDA on
three different Research Collaboration Agreements (RCAs): the two funded efforts for the ocular model and long-acting injectable
microspheres and the unfunded IVIVC effort, all described above under  GastroPlus . We also successfully completed
the fifth year of our five-year renewable collaboration with the Center for Food Safety and Nutrition of the FDA to develop predictive
toxicity models for food additives and contaminants. 

Pharmacometric Modeling  

 We have a reputation for high-quality analyses
and regulatory reporting of data collected during preclinical experiments as well as clinical trials of new and existing pharmaceutical
products, typically working on 30-40 drug projects per year. The model-based analysis of clinical trial data that we perform is
different from the modeling analysis offered by GastroPlus; the former relies more on statistical and semi-mechanistic models,
whereas the latter relies on very detailed mechanistic models. Statistical models rely on direct observation and mathematical equations
that are used to fit data collected across multiple studies along with describing the variability within and between patients.
Mechanistic models are based on a detailed understanding of the human body and the chemistry of the drug and involve mathematical
and scientific representation of the phenomena involved in drug dissolution/precipitation, absorption, distribution, metabolism,
and elimination. Collectively, the models guide drug formulation design and dose selection. 

Because of the synergies achieved through
the integration of our Buffalo division (Cognigen) into Simulations Plus, our first full fiscal year of combined operations resulted
in significantly increased revenues and earnings. Our clinical pharmacometricians in Buffalo, supported by our consulting team
in California, are learning to use the PBPK modeling capabilities of GastroPlus and are performing such studies under new and expanded
contracts with pharmaceutical customers. 

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT  

 Development of our software is focused
on expanding product lines, designing enhancements to our core technologies, and integrating existing and new products into our
principal software architecture and platform technologies. We intend to continue to offer regular updates to our products and to
continue to look for opportunities to expand our existing suite of products and services. 

To date, we have developed products internally,
sometimes also licensing or acquiring products, or portions of products, from third parties. These arrangements sometimes require
that we pay royalties to third parties. We intend to continue to license or otherwise acquire technology or products from third
parties when it makes business sense to do so. We currently have one license agreement, with BIOVIA, a San Diego division of Dassault
Systemes in France (formerly known as Accelrys, Inc.), pursuant to which a small royalty is paid to BIOVIA from revenues on each
license for the Metabolite module in ADMET Predictor. This license agreement continues in perpetuity and either party has the right
to terminate it. 

In 1997 we entered into an exclusive software
licensing agreement with TSRL, Inc. (aka Therapeutic Systems Research Laboratories) (TSRL), pursuant to which TSRL licensed certain
software technology and databases to us, and we paid royalties to TSRL. On May 15, 2014, we and TSRL entered into a termination
and non-assertion agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate the 1997 exclusive software licensing agreement.
As a result, the Company obtained a perpetual right to use certain source code and data, and TSRL relinquished any rights and claims
to any GastroPlus products and to any claims to royalties or other payments under that agreement, and we agreed to pay TSRL total
consideration of $6,000,000 as follows: (a) $3,500,000 by May 20, 2014, which amount was comprised of $2,500,000 in cash and $1,000,000
worth of our common stock (which was 164,745 shares based upon the April 25, 2014 closing price per share of $6.07 per share),
(b) $750,000 payable on or before April 25, 2015, (c) $750,000 payable on or before April 25, 2016, and (d) $1,000,000 payable
on or before April 25, 2017. All payments have now been made except the final $1 million, which will be paid in April 2017. Our
outstanding payment obligation described above is non-interest-bearing and will be amortized at a constant rate of $150,000 per
quarter until it is completely amortized, after which no further expense will be incurred. For most quarters, we expect that this
will result in a savings over the royalty payments that would have been paid to TSRL if paid consistent with past practices. 

MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION  

 We distribute our products and offer our
services in North America, South America, Europe, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, India, Singapore, Taiwan, and the People s
Republic of China. 

We market our pharmaceutical software and
consulting services through attendance and presentations at scientific meetings, exhibits at trade shows, seminars at pharmaceutical
companies and government agencies, through our website, and using various communication channels to our database of prospects and
customers. At various scientific meetings around the world each year there are numerous presentations and posters presented in
which the reported research was performed using our software. Many of these presentations are from industry and FDA scientists;
some are from our staff. In addition, more than 50 peer-reviewed scientific journal articles, posters, and podium presentations
are published each year using our software, mostly by our customers, further supporting its use in a wide range of preclinical
and clinical studies. 

Our sales and marketing efforts are handled
primarily internally with our scientific team and several senior management staff assisting our marketing and sales staff with
trade shows, seminars, and customer trainings both online and on-site. We believe that this is more effective than a completely
separate sales team for several reasons: (1) customers appreciate talking directly with software developers and consulting scientists
who can answer a wide range of in-depth technical questions about methods and features; (2) our scientists and engineers gain an
appreciation for the customer s environment and problems; and (3) we believe the relationships we build through scientist-to-scientist
contact are stronger than relationships built through salesperson-to-scientist contacts. We also have one independent distributor
in Japan and two independent representatives in China who also sell and market our products with support from our scientists and
engineers. 

We provide support to the GastroPlus User
Group in Japan, which was organized by Japanese researchers in 2009. In early 2013, a group of scientists in Europe and North
America organized another group following the example set in Japan. Over 850 members have joined this group to date. We support
this group through coordination of online meetings each month and managing the user group web site for exchange of information
among members. These user groups provide us valuable feedback with respect to desired new features and suggested interface changes. 

PRODUCTION  

 Our pharmaceutical software products are
designed and developed by our development teams in California and New York, with locations in Lancaster, Petaluma, San Jose, San
Diego, and Buffalo. In addition, we have one team member working out of North Carolina and our Chief Executive Officer works primarily
from Auburn, Alabama. Our products and services are now delivered electronically   we no longer provide CD-ROMs and printed
manuals or reports. 

COMPETITION  

 In our pharmaceutical software and services
business, we compete against a number of established companies that provide screening, testing and research services, and products
that are not based on simulation software. There are also software companies whose products do not compete directly with, but are
sometimes closely related to, ours. Our competitors in this field include some companies with financial, personnel, research, and
marketing resources that are larger than ours. Our management believes there is currently no significant competitive threat to
GastroPlus; however, in spite of a high barrier to entry, one could be developed over time. Our new PKPlus software product will
compete with one major and a few minor software programs; however, the capabilities and design features of PKPlus, along with more
affordable licensing, are expected to generate significant interest. MedChem Studio, MedChem Designer, and ADMET Predictor/ADMET
Modeler operate in a more competitive environment. Several other companies presently offer simulation or modeling software, or
simulation-software-based services, to the pharmaceutical industry. 

Major pharmaceutical companies conduct
drug discovery and development efforts through their internal development staffs and through outsourcing. Smaller companies generally
need to outsource a greater percentage of this research. Thus, we compete not only with other software suppliers, but also with
the in-house development teams at some of the larger pharmaceutical companies. 

Although competitive products exist, both
new licenses and license renewals for GastroPlus have continued to grow. We believe that we enjoy a significant market share in
this segment. We believe that the success of our two NCE projects in which we successfully designed, synthesized, and tested new
lead molecules to treat malaria as well as COX-2/COX-1 will further promote the abilities of our ADMET Design Suite for rapid and
cost-effective design of lead compounds. We expect the completely refactored ADMET Predictor 8.0 version with its fresh look and
expanded features will generate increased interest in drug discovery and early drug development teams. 

We believe the key factors in our ability
to successfully compete in this field are our ability to: (1) continue to invest in research and development, and develop and support
industry-leading simulation and modeling software and related products and services to effectively predict activities and ADMET-related
behaviors of new drug-like compounds, (2) design new molecules with acceptable activity and ADMET properties, (3) develop and maintain
a proprietary database of results of physical experiments that serve as a basis for simulated studies and empirical models, (4)
attract and retain a highly skilled scientific and engineering team, and (5) develop and maintain relationships with research and
development departments of pharmaceutical companies, universities and government agencies. 

We actively seek acquisitions to expand
the pharmaceutical software and services business. We plan to continue our efforts to find strategic targets and alliances that
will enhance our position in the industry, and to pursue the application of our machine-learning technology to new industries. 

TRAINING AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT  

 Customer training and technical support
are important factors in customer satisfaction for our pharmaceutical products, and we believe we are an industry leader in providing
customer training and technical support in our business areas. We provide in-house seminars at customers  and potential customers 
sites, as well at selected universities to train students who will soon be industry scientists. These seminars often serve as initial
training in the event the potential customer decides to license or evaluate our software. Technical support is provided after the
sale of any software in the form of on-site training (at the customer s expense), web meetings and telephone, fax, and e-mail
assistance to the customer s users during the customer s license period. 

Technical support for pharmaceutical software
is provided by our life sciences team and our inside sales and support staff based at our headquarters facilities in Lancaster,
California. We provide free telephone support offering toll-free numbers in the U.S. and Canada, and e-mail and web-based support
for all of our pharmaceutical software products worldwide. Technical support for pharmaceutical software products is minimal, averaging
a few person-hours per month. 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  

 Research and development (R D) activities
include both enhancement of existing products and development of new products. Development of new products and adding functionality
to existing products are capitalized in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) 985-20,  Costs of Software to Be Sold Leased, or Marketed . R D expenditures, which primarily relate to both
capitalized and expensed salaries, R D supplies, laboratory testing, and R D consulting, were approximately $2,641,000
during fiscal year 2016, of which $1,196,000 was capitalized. R D expenditures during fiscal year 2015 were approximately $2,496,000
during fiscal year 2015, of which $1,168,000 was capitalized. 

Our pharmaceutical business R D activities
during fiscal year 2015 were focused on improving our ADMET Predictor/ADMET Modeler, MedChem Studio, MedChem Designer and GastroPlus
products, as well as the development of our new MembranePlus software product described above. 

EMPLOYEES  

 As of August 31, 2016, Simulations Plus
and its subsidiary Cognigen Corporation employed a total of 63 employees, including 60 full-time employees and 3 part-time employees,
including 48 in technical and research and development, 5 in marketing and sales, 10 in administration and accounting. Currently
25 employees hold Ph.Ds. in their respective science or engineering disciplines, and 16 employees hold one or more Master s
degrees. Most of the senior management team and the members of our Board of Directors hold graduate degrees. 

We believe that our future success will
depend, in part, on our ability to continue to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel. We continue to seek additions to our
life sciences team although the competition for such personnel in the pharmaceutical industry is intense. None of our employees
is represented by a labor union, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We believe that our relations with our employees
are good. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OTHER PROPRIETARY
RIGHTS  

 We primarily protect our intellectual property
through copyrights and trade secrets. Our intellectual property consists primarily of source code for computer programs and data
files for various applications of those programs in the pharmaceutical software businesses. The expertise of our staff is a considerable
asset closely related to intellectual property, and attracting and retaining highly qualified scientists and engineers is essential
to our business. 

EFFECT OF GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS  

 Our pharmaceutical software products are
tools used in research and development and are neither approved nor approvable by the FDA or other government agencies. 

ITEM 1A  
RISK FACTORS 

Not applicable because we are a smaller
reporting company. 

ITEM 1B  
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2  PROPERTIES 

We lease approximately 13,500 square feet
of office space in Lancaster, California. The original lease had a five-year term with two, three-year options to extend. The initial
five-year term expired in February 2011, and we extended the lease to February 2, 2014. In June 2013, the lease was amended to
extend the term to February 2, 2017. The amended lease also provides for an annual base rent increase of 3% per year and two, two-year
options to extend. In May 2016 the Company exercised the two, two-year options extending the term of the lease through February
2, 2021 at a fixed rate of $25,000 per month. The new extension agreement gives the Company the right, upon 90 days  prior
notice, to terminate the lease in the last two years of the term upon payment of a recapture payment equal to the 3% base payment
increase that would have been due under the original agreement. 

Our subsidiary leases approximately 12,225
square feet of office space in Buffalo, New York. The initial five-year term expires in October 2018; the lease allows for a three-year
option to extend to October 2021. The current base rent is $15,638 per month. 

Rent expense, including common area maintenance
fees for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $491,800 and $488,888, respectively. 

The Company believes its existing facilities
and equipment are in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business. 

ITEM 3   LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

Except
as described below, we are not a party to any legal proceedings and are not aware of pending legal proceedings of any kind.  

In June 2014, the Company was served
with a complaint in a civil action entitled Sherri Winslow v. Incredible Adventures, Inc., et al. (Los Angeles Superior Court
Case No. BC545789) alleging wrongful death and seeking unspecified damages arising out of a May 18, 2012 plane crash in the
State of Nevada. The Company s Chief Executive Officer owns the subject aircraft and is also a named defendant. The
complaint alleged that the Company was the owner of the subject aircraft. The Company denies all material allegations against
it, including that it owns or has ever owned any interest in the subject aircraft. On November 25, 2014, the plaintiff and
the Company signed a stipulation of dismissal pursuant to which the plaintiff agreed to dismiss the Company without
prejudice. The Company planned to prepare a dismissal with prejudice to be signed on behalf of the plaintiff in the event the
plaintiff did not discover evidence during a nine month period to and including August 31, 2015 that justified bringing the
Company back into the litigation. The Company did not receive any notification of any such discovery and is in the process of
preparing documents for the plaintiff s final dismissal with prejudice. 

ITEM 4   MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

PART
II  

ITEM 5   MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The Company s common stock trades
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol  SLP.  

Price Range of Common Stock  

The following table shows low and high
sales price for the Company s common stock for the last eight fiscal quarters. 

Holders  

 As of November 14, 2016, there were 42
shareholders of record. 

Dividends  

 We paid a total of approximately $3.4 million
in cash dividends during each of fiscal years 2016 and 2015 as set forth in the table below. We expect to pay quarterly dividends
of $0.05 per share of common stock each quarter, subject to declaration by our Board of Directors. However, there can be no assurances
that our Board of Directors will continue the dividend distributions for any specified number of quarters. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

The following information is provided as of
August 31, 2016: 

Plan category    
     Number of securities 
 to be issued  
upon exercise of  
outstanding options,  
warrants and rights 
(a)       
     Weighted-average  
exercise price of  
outstanding options,  
warrants and rights 
(b)       
     Number of securities  
remaining available  
for future issuance  
under equity compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected 
 in column (a)) 
(c)     

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
        947,500       
     $  7.50       
        438,760     
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
        -0-       
        -0-       
        -0-     
 
     Total    
        947,500       
     $  7.50       
        438,760     

Repurchases  

 There is currently no share repurchase
program pending, and the Company has made no repurchases of its securities since fiscal year 2011. 

ITEM 6   SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable because we are a smaller
reporting company. 

ITEM 7   MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Management Overview  

Fiscal year 2016 highlights:    

We released new versions of our ADMET Predictor , DDDPlus , and KIWI  software
programs.   

We released our new software product, PKPlus .   

We closed a five-year consulting agreement with a major research foundation to implement a platform
for global teams engaged in model-based drug development and began work on the projectWe successfully completed the first year
of our three-year funded collaboration with the Office of Generic Drugs of the FDA to develop mechanistic models for delivery of
long-acting injectable microsphere dosage forms.   

We successfully completed the second year of our three-year funded collaboration with the Office
of Generic Drugs of the FDA to develop mechanistic models for ocular delivery of drug products.   

We successfully completed the fifth year of our five-year renewable collaboration with the Center
for Food Safety and Nutrition of the FDA to develop predictive toxicity models for food additives and contaminants.We successfully
completed the third year of our five-year collaboration with the Office of Testing and Research of the FDA to validate the mechanistic
absorption model and  in vitro-in vivo  correlations in GastroPlus .   

We hosted nine workshops in the United States, Europe, Japan, China, Korea, and India to educate
users on the various features and applications of our software.   

Our employees attended 43 scientific conferences, presenting 41 posters and oral podium lectures.   

We achieved an 88% renewal rate for software license accounts ( 94% in terms of revenue).   

We signed 75 new clients (includes new organizations and departments at existing clients).   

We finalized new orders for software licenses at several major regulatory agencies (including the
FDA, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and China s CFDA   

We realized growth in license revenue from contract research organizations (CROs) in excess of
50%, while recognizing greater than 95% growth in license revenue from non-pharmaceutical industry companies (e.g., chemicals,
consumer goods).   

We saw an approximately 25% increase in membership numbers for the GastroPlus User Group.   

Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Summary:    

Strategy Going Forward:    

The Company will continue to advance our software offerings through both our in-house developments
and our funded and unfunded collaborations with our industry and government customers;   

Continue to seek acquisition and partnership possibilities to broaden our offerings of products
and services;   

Continue our marketing and sales campaign including attending and exhibiting at numerous scientific
conferences and meetings, expanded use of social media, and expanded advertising;   

Increase our marketing and sales efforts with respect to our consulting services in both pharmacokinetics
and in small molecule design;   

Continue to explore the application of our technologies to new markets in aerospace and healthcare;
and   

Continue to seek strategic acquisitions that can add to both revenues and earnings.   

Fiscal year 2016 was another record year.
We believe the continued growth of our pharmaceutical software and services business segment is the result of steadily increasing
adoption of simulation and modeling software tools across the pharmaceutical industry, as well as the expertise we offer as consultants
to assist companies involved in the research and development of new medicines. We have received a continuing series of study contracts
with pharmaceutical companies ranging from several of the largest in the world to a number of medium-sized and smaller companies
in the U.S., Europe, and Japan. 

Our financial performance has enabled us
to maintain significant cash deposits and to continue to invest in our marketing and sales activities in order to reach a wider
customer base, as well as to distribute significant cash dividends to our shareholders. 

We completed a second successful year of
the integration of Cognigen, following our acquisition of Cognigen in September 2014; it is our intent to continue to search for
acquisition opportunities that are strategically compatible with our current businesses and that are accretive, i.e., adding to
both revenues and earnings. 

We do not have any stock repurchase programs
currently in place or pending; however, our Board of Directors may consider additional programs from time to time. 

Results of Operations  

 The following sets forth selected items
from our statements of operations (in thousands) and the percentages that such items bear to net sales for the fiscal years ended
August 31, 2016 (FY16) and August 31, 2015 (FY15)(because of rounding, numbers may not foot). 

* Numbers
in the prior year have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation 

FY16 COMPARED WITH FY15    

Net Revenues   

 Consolidated net revenues increased by
9.1% or $1.658 million to $19.972 million in FY16 from $18.314 million in FY15. $326,000 of this increase was from revenues generated
by our Buffalo subsidiary (Cognigen), while net revenues of the California division increased $1.332 million or 10.2%, to $14.418
million in FY16 from $13.086 million in FY15. FY16 software license sales increased $1.340 million, while consulting revenues increased
by $318,000 compared to FY15. 

Cost of Revenues   

Consolidated cost of revenues increased
by $209,000 to $4.602 million in FY16 from $4.392 million in FY15. The majority of this increase was salary-related expenses from
annual salary increases and the first year of expensed bonuses for our Buffalo division (Cognigen). 

Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue
decreased from 24.0% in FY15 to 23.0% in FY16. The majority of this percentage change is a result of the percentage blend of software
sales compared to consulting services during FY16. 

A significant portion of cost of revenues
for pharmaceutical software products is the systematic amortization of capitalized software development costs, which is an independent
fixed cost rather than a variable cost related to revenues. This amortization cost decreased approximately $42,000 in FY16 compared
with FY15. In FY15, amortization expense increased approximately $215,000 due to releases of GastroPlus and ADMET Predictor and
amortization of software acquired as part of the Cognigen acquisition. 

Gross Margin   

 Consolidated gross margin increased $1.449
million or 10.4%, to $15.371 million in FY16 from $13.922 in FY15. $1.372 of this increase is from the California division, which
showed an 84.3% gross margin. The Buffalo Division Gross margins increased $77,000 with margins of 58% after first-time bonuses
of $139,000. 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses   

 Selling, general, and administrative (SG A)
expenses decreased $43,000, or 0.6% to $6.694 million in FY16 from $6.737 million in FY15. 

The major increases in SG A expense
were: 

o   Advertising expenses increased by $97,000 as the Company increased its web presence and incurred
other advertising-related costs;   

o   Marketing labor expenses increased by $46,000, related to more time spent by scientific staff;   

o   Trade show expenses increased by $49,000, related to greater attendance and presence during FY16;   

o   Professional fees increased by $120,000 associated with costs of consolidated audits and other
compliance-related expenses; and   

The major decreases in SG A expense
were: 

o   Outside consulting fees decreased by $397,000; in FY15, we paid fees and expenses to our financial
advisor/business broker related to the Cognigen acquisition. There were no such expenses in FY16.   

Research and Development   

 We incurred approximately $2,641,000 of
research and development costs during FY16. Of this amount, $1,196,000 was capitalized and $1,445,000 was expensed. We incurred
approximately $2,496,000 of research and development costs during FY15. Of this amount, $1,168,000 was capitalized and $1,328,000
was expensed. The increase of $ 145,000, or 5.8%, in total research and development expenditures from FY15 to FY16 was mainly due
to salary increases for existing staff. 

Other income (expense)   

 Net other income (expense) in FY16 increased
by $168,000 to a net other income of $5,000 from an expense of $164,000 in FY15. This is due mainly to a $168,000 reduction in
currency losses in FY16. 

Provision
for Income Taxes    

 The provision for income taxes was $2.286
million for FY16 compared to $1.850 million for FY15. Our effective tax rate decreased to 31.6% in FY16 from 32.5% in FY15. 

Net
Income     

 Net income increased by $1,107,000, or
28.8%, to $4.950 million in FY15 from $3.843 million in FY15. 

SEASONALITY    

 Our sales exhibit some seasonal fluctuations,
with the fourth fiscal quarter (June-August) generally having the lowest sales over the past three fiscal years because of summer
vacations and reduced activities at our customers  sites. This unaudited quarterly sales information has been prepared on
the same basis as the annual information presented elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, in the opinion of management,
reflects all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring entries) necessary for a fair presentation of the information presented.
Net sales for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of sales for any future period; however, because our pharmaceutical software
is licensed on an annual basis, renewals are usually within the same quarter year after year. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES    

 Our principal source of capital has been
cash flow from our operations. We have achieved continuous positive operating cash flow over the last twelve fiscal years. We believe
that our existing capital and anticipated funds from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working
capital and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. Thereafter, if cash generated from operations is insufficient to satisfy
our capital requirements, we may open a revolving line of credit with a bank, or we may have to sell additional equity or debt
securities or obtain credit facilities. In the event such financing is needed in the future, there can be no assurance that such
financing will be available to us, or, if available, that it will be in amounts and on terms acceptable to us. 

We are not aware of any trends or demands,
commitments, events or uncertainties that are reasonably likely to result in a decrease in liquidity of our assets. The trend over
the last ten years has been increasing cash deposits from our operating cash flows, and we expect that trend to continue for the
foreseeable future. In FY14 we used $2,500,000 of our cash reserves to pay the initial installment of the amounts we owe under
termination and non-assertion agreement we entered into with TSRL in May 2014 that terminated the exclusive software licensing
agreement we entered with TSRL in 1997. We also incurred $2,500,000 of debt in connection with termination and non-assertion agreement.
We have been paying that debt out of, and anticipate that that debt will continue to be, paid out of operations from the reduction
in royalty payments that are no longer payable under the 1997 licensing agreement as a result of its termination. 

On July 23, 2014, we signed the Merger
Agreement with Cognigen. The merger closed on September 2, 2014, subsequent to the end of FY14, and Cognigen became our wholly-owned
subsidiary. In connection with the closing we paid $2,080,000 in cash and issued 491,159 shares of common stock of the Company
to the former Cognigen stockholders. The 491,159 shares were valued at $3,120,000 based on a $6.35 per share price, which was the
volume-weighted average closing price of our common stock for the 30 consecutive trading-day period ending two trading days before
the closing date. In July 2016, we paid the additional $720,000 in cash due, and issued the additional 170,014 shares of common
stock due, to the former Cognigen stockholders, which additional shares were valued at $1,080,000 under the formula described above. 

We will continue to seek opportunities
for strategic acquisitions. If one or more such acquisitions is identified, a substantial portion of our cash reserves may be required
to complete it; however, we intend to maintain sufficient cash reserves after any acquisition to provide reasonable assurance that
outside financing will not be necessary to continue operations. If we identify an attractive acquisition that would require more
cash to complete than we are willing or able to use from our cash reserves, we will consider financing options to complete the
acquisition, including obtaining loans and issuing additional securities. 

Quarterly dividend payments made in FY15
and FY16 are listed in the following table. 

The Board of directors has indicated its
intension to pay $0.05 quarterly dividends; however, there can be no assurances that our Board of Directors will continue the dividend
distributions as the decision is made on a quarterly basis based on current financial conditions and strategic plans. After the
end of FY16, in November 2016, our Board of Directors declared a dividend distribution of $0.05 per share. 

KNOWN TRENDS OR UNCERTAINTIES    

 Although we have not seen any significant
reduction in revenues to date, we have seen some consolidation in the pharmaceutical industry during economic downturns. These
consolidations have not had a negative effect on our total sales to that industry; however, should consolidations and downsizing
in the industry continue to occur, those events could adversely impact our revenues and earnings going forward. 

We believe that the need for improved productivity
in the research and development activities directed toward developing new medicines will continue to result in increasing adoption
of simulation and modeling tools such as those we produce. New product developments in the pharmaceutical business segments could
result in increased revenues and earnings if they are accepted by our markets; however, there can be no assurances that new products
will result in significant improvements to revenues or earnings. For competitive reasons, we do not disclose all of our new product
development activities. 

Our continued quest for acquisitions could
result in a significant change to revenues and earnings if one or more such acquisitions are completed. 

 The potential for growth in new markets
(e.g., aerospace and healthcare) is uncertain. We will continue to explore these opportunities until such time as we either generate
sales or determine that resources would be more efficiently used elsewhere. 

INFLATION    

 We have not been affected materially by
inflation during the periods presented, and no material effect is expected in the near future. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS    

 As of August 31, 2016, we did not have
any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance
or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or
other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As such, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market, or
credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships. 

We do not have relationships or transactions
with persons or entities that derive benefits from their non-independent relationship with us or our related parties. 

RECENTLY ISSUED OR NEWLY ADOPTED
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS    

 In May 2014, the Franchise Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (ASU 2014-09).
The standard will eliminate the transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current generally accepted
accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP) and replace it with a principles-based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU
2014-09 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for years beginning
after December 15, 2016. The revenue recognition standard is required to be applied retrospectively, including any combination
of practical expedients as allowed in the standard. We are evaluating the impact, if any, of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 to our
financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect
of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No
2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740)  ( ASU 2015-17). The amendments in ASU 2015-17 change the requirements for the classification
of deferred taxes on the balance sheet. Currently, GAAP requires an entity to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets
into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. To simplify the presentation of deferred income
taxes, the amendments in this ASU require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified
statement of financial position. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2016. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual
reporting period. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its
ongoing financial reporting. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes existing guidance on accounting for leases in  Leases (Topic 840)  and generally
requires all leases to be recognized in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. The provisions of ASU 2016-02 are to be applied using a
modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (ASU 2016-09). This ASU affects entities that issue share-based
payment awards to their employees. The ASU is designed to simplify several aspects of accounting for share-based payment award
transactions which include - the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification
on the statement of cash flows and forfeiture rate calculations. ASU 2016-09 will become effective for the Company in the first
quarter of fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued AS 2016-10,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which amends certain aspects of the Board's new revenue standard, ASU 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The standard should be adopted concurrently with adoption of ASU 2014-09 which is effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has
it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

Estimates  

 Our financial statements and accompanying
notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by
management s application of accounting policies. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant accounting
policies for us include revenue recognition, accounting for capitalized software development costs, valuation of stock options,
and accounting for income taxes. 

Revenue Recognition  

 We recognize revenues related to software
licenses and software maintenance in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 985-605,  Software
  Revenue Recognition . Software product revenue is recorded when the following conditions are met: 1) evidence of
arrangement exists; 2) delivery has been made; 3) the amount is fixed; and 4) collectability is probable. Post-contract customer
support ( PCS ) obligations are insignificant; therefore, revenue for PCS is recognized at the same time as the licensing
fee, and the costs of providing such support services are accrued and amortized over the obligation period. 

As a byproduct of ongoing improvements
and upgrades for the new programs and new modules of software, some modifications are provided to our customers who have already
purchased software at no additional charge. Other software modifications result in new, additional cost modules that expand the
functionality of the software. These are licensed separately. We consider the modifications that are provided without charge to
be minimal, as they do not significantly change the basic functionality or utility of the software, but rather add convenience,
such as being able to plot some additional variable on a graph in addition to the numerous variables that had been available before,
or adding some additional calculations to supplement the information provided from running the software. Such software modifications
for any single product have typically occurred once or twice per year, sometimes more, sometimes less. Thus, they are infrequent.
The Company provides, for a fee, additional training and service calls to its customers and recognizes revenue at the time the
training or service call is provided. 

Generally, we enter into one-year license
agreements with customers for the use of our pharmaceutical software products. We recognize revenue on these contracts when all
the criteria are met. Most license agreements have a term of one year; however, from time to time, we enter into multi-year license
agreements. We generally unlock and invoice software one year at a time for multi-year licenses. Therefore, revenue is recognized
one year at a time. Certain of the Company's software products are housed and supported on the Company's computer networks. Software
revenues for those products are included in income over the life of the contract. 

We recognize revenue from collaboration
research and revenue from grants equally over their terms. For contract revenues based on actual hours incurred we recognize revenues
when the work is performed. For fixed price contracts, we recognize contract study and other contract revenues using the percentage-of-completion
method, depending upon how the contract studies are engaged, in accordance with ASC 605-35,   Revenue Recognition  
Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts  . To recognize revenue using the percentage-of-completion method, we
must determine whether we meet the following criteria: 1) there is a long-term, legally enforceable contract, 2) it is possible
to reasonably estimate the total project costs, and 3) it is possible to reasonably estimate the extent of progress toward completion. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

 For purposes of the statements of cash
flows, we consider all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Accounts Receivable  

 We analyze the age of customer balances,
historical bad-debt experience, customer creditworthiness, and changes in customer payment terms when making estimates of the collectability
of the Company s trade accounts receivable balances. If we determine that the financial conditions of any of its customers
deteriorated, whether due to customer-specific or general economic issues, an increase in the allowance may be made. Accounts receivable
are written off when all collection attempts have failed. We have not experienced any bad debts in our pharmaceutical software
and services business. 

Capitalized Computer Software Development
Costs  

 Software development costs are capitalized
in accordance with FASB ASC 985-20,  Costs of Software to Be Sold Leased, or Marketed . Capitalization of software
development costs begins upon the establishment of technological feasibility and is discontinued when the product is available
for sale. 

The establishment of technological feasibility
and the ongoing assessment for recoverability of capitalized software development costs require considerable judgment by management
with respect to certain external factors including, but not limited to, technological feasibility, anticipated future gross revenues,
estimated economic life, and changes in software and hardware technologies. Capitalized computer software development costs are
comprised primarily of salaries and direct payroll-related costs and the purchase or licensing of existing software to be used
in the Company s software products. 

Amortization of capitalized computer software
development costs is provided on a product-by-product basis on the straight-line method over the estimated economic life of the
products not to exceed five years. Amortization of software development costs amounted to $981,066 and $1,023,139 for the FY16
and FY15, respectively. We expect future amortization expense to vary due to increases in capitalized computer software development
costs. 

We test capitalized computer software development
costs for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

Property and Equipment  

 Property and equipment are recorded at
cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are provided using the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives as follows: 

Equipment    
     5 years  
 
     Computer equipment    
     3 to 7 years  
 
     Furniture and fixtures    
     5 to 7 years  
 
     Leasehold improvements    
     Shorter of life of asset or lease  

Maintenance and minor replacements are
charged to expense as incurred. Gains and losses on disposals are included in the results of operations. 

Intangible Assets and Goodwill  

 The Company performs valuations of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed on each acquisition accounted for as a business combination and recognizes the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value. Acquired intangible assets include customer relationships, software,
trade name, and non-compete agreements. The Company determines the appropriate useful life by performing an analysis of expected
cash flows based on historical experience of the acquired businesses. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful
lives using the straight-line method, which approximates the pattern in which the majority of the economic benefits are expected
to be consumed. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost
of an acquired entity over the fair value of the acquired net assets. Goodwill is not amortized, instead it is tested for impairment
annually or when events or circumstances change that would indicate that goodwill might be impaired. Events or circumstances that
could trigger an impairment review include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business
climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, a loss of key personnel, significant changes
in the manner of the Company's use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the Company's overall business, significant negative
industry or economic trends or significant under-performance relative to expected historical or projected future results of operations. 

Goodwill is tested for impairment at the
reporting unit level, which is one level below or the same as an operating segment. As of August 31, 2016, the Company determined
that it has two reporting units, Simulations Plus and Cognigen. When testing goodwill for impairment, the Company first
performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform step one of a two-step annual goodwill impairment
test for each reporting unit. The Company is required to perform step one only if it concludes that it is more likely than not
that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value. Should this be the case, the first step of the two-step process
is to identify whether a potential impairment exists by comparing the estimated fair values of the Company's reporting units with
their respective book values, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds book value, goodwill
is considered not to be impaired, and no additional steps are necessary. If, however, the fair value of the reporting unit is less
than book value, then the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment
loss, if any. The amount of the impairment loss is the excess of the carrying amount of the goodwill over its implied fair value.
The estimate of implied fair value of goodwill is primarily based on an estimate of the discounted cash flows expected to result
from that reporting unit, but may require valuations of certain internally generated and unrecognized intangible assets such as
the Company's software, technology, patents and trademarks. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of
that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. 

As of August 31, 2016, the entire balance
of goodwill was attributed to the Company's Cognigen reporting unit. Intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. The Company
has not recognized any impairment charges during FY16 and FY15. 

Reconciliation of Goodwill for FY16 and
FY15: 

Other Intangible Assets  

 The following table summarizes other intangible
assets as of August 31, 2016: 

Amortization expense for each of FY16 and
FY15 was $147,500. 

Business Acquisitions   

 The Company accounted for the acquisition
of Cognigen using the purchase method of accounting where the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized based on their
respective estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is
recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of certain acquired assets and liabilities is subjective in nature and often involves
the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the selection of appropriate valuation methodology,
projected revenue, expenses and cash flows, weighted average cost of capital, discount rates, estimates of advertiser and publisher
turnover rates and estimates of terminal values. Business acquisitions are included in the Company's consolidated financial statements
as of the date of the acquisition. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 Assets and liabilities recorded at fair
value in the Condensed Balance Sheets are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure
their fair value. The categories, as defined by the standard are as follows: 

Level Input:    
     Input Definition:  
 
     Level I    
     Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets at the measurement date.  
 
     Level II    
     Inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level I, that are observable for the asset or liability through corroboration with market data at the measurement date.  
 
     Level III    
     Unobservable inputs that reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.  

For certain of our financial instruments,
including accounts receivable, accounts payable, contract payable, accrued payroll and other expenses, and accrued bonus to officer,
the amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 

Research and Development Costs  

 Research and development costs are charged
to expense as incurred until technological feasibility has been established. These costs consist primarily of salaries and direct
payroll-related costs. It also includes purchased software and databases that were developed by other companies and incorporated
into, or used in the development of, our final products. 

Income Taxes  

 We utilize FASB ASC 740-10,  Income
Taxes , which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of
events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. 

Under this method, deferred income taxes
are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
financial reporting amounts at each year-end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which
the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax payable for the period and
the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

 The Company accounts for stock options
using the modified prospective method in accordance with FASB ASC 718-10,   Compensation-Stock Compensation  .
Under this method, compensation costs include estimated grant date fair value of the awards amortized over the options  vesting
period. Stock-based compensation was $347,077 and $295,243 for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
is included in the statements of operations as Consulting, Salaries, and Research and Development expense. 

ITEM 7A  
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable because we are a smaller
reporting company. 

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See the financial statements included elsewhere
in this report beginning at page F-1, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9   CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There have been no changes to our public
accountants during the past two years. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures  

We maintain a set of disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the
Company's Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer (i.e. its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The Company's management, with the participation
of the Company's Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, the Company's Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management's Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Internal control over financial reporting
cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns
resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper management
override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis by internal control over financial reporting. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process.
Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

A material weakness (as defined in SEC
Rule 12b-2) is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

Management conducted an assessment of the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2016. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria described in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of August 31, 2016. Management has identified the following material weakness of internal control over financial
reporting as of August 31, 2016: 

Information Technology General Controls 

During our review of internal controls,
we identified various deficiencies related to the design, implementation, and effectiveness of our general information technology
controls ( GITCs ) over financial reporting. In particular, these deficiencies related to the configuration set-up
of the information technology system and related financial applications, segregation of duties, user access, and change management
controls that are intended to ensure that access to financial applications and data, and the ability to place program changes into
production for such financial applications and data, are adequately restricted to appropriate internal personnel. Due to these
GITC deficiencies, we concluded that those deficiencies, in the aggregate, result in a reasonable possibility that material misstatements
in our interim or annual financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis and, as such, constitute a material
weakness as of August 31, 2016. Management believes that although our financial reports have been accurate and that the weaknesses
identified in our review have not resulted in any material misstatement in our interim or annual financial statements at any time,
that we will improve our GITCs to ensure accurate reporting is not compromised in the future. 

Management has taken steps to remediate
the GITC deficiencies, including enhancing its internal documentation and monitoring approach to ensure that all GITC procedures
designed to restrict access to applications and data are operating in an optimal manner in order to provide management with comfort
that access is properly limited to the appropriate internal personnel. Management implemented the majority of the remedial steps
during the fourth quarter of 2016 and expects that all steps will be substantially implemented and tested by February 28, 2017.
In accordance with our internal control compliance program, a material weakness is not considered remediated until the remediation
processes have been operational for a sufficient period of time and successfully tested. 

Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP, the independent
registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
has also audited our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2016, as stated in their report which is included
herein. 

Changes in internal control over
financial reporting   

Except as described above in this Item
9A, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with our evaluation that occurred
during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B - OTHER
INFORMATION 

Not applicable. 

PART
III  

ITEM 10  
DIRECTORS, AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Code of Ethics  

 Our code of ethics is posted on our website:
www.simulations-plus.com. 

Changes to Procedures for Recommending
Nominees to the Board of Directors  

 There have been no material changes to
the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors since we last described such procedures. 

The remaining information required by Item
10 is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled  Board Matters and Corporate Governance,   Election
of Directors,   Executive Compensation and Other Information,  and  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management  in our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A to be distributed in connection with our 2017 Annual
Shareholders  Meeting (the  Proxy Statement ). 

ITEM 11  
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by Item 11 is
incorporated by reference from the sections entitled  Executive Compensation and Other Information  and  Board
Matters and Corporate Governance  in the Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by Item 12 is
incorporated by reference from the sections entitled  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
and  Executive Compensation and Other Information  in the Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13  
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by Item 13 is
incorporated by reference from the subsection entitled  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions; Transactions with
Related Persons  and the section entitled  Board Matters and Corporate Governance  in the Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14  
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by Item 14 is
incorporated by reference from the section of the proposal entitled  Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm  in the Proxy Statement. 

PART
IV  

ITEM 15  
EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)         

(1)       Financial
Statements. The consolidated financial statements are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

(2)       Financial
Statement Schedules. All financial statement schedules have been omitted since the information is either not applicable or required
or was included in the financial statements or notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3)       List
of Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See part (b) below. 

(b)       Exhibits.
The following exhibits are filed or furnished with this report. Those exhibits marked with a ( ) refer to management contracts
or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

EXHIBIT NUMBER    
     DESCRIPTION  
 
     2.1    
     Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 23, 2014, by and among the Company, Cognigen Corporation and the other parties thereto. (13)^  
 
     3.1    
     Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (5)  
 
     3.2    
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. (5)  
 
     4.1    
     Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 hereof)  
 
     4.2    
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 hereof)  
 
     4.3    
     Form of Common Stock Certificate (1)  
 
     4.4    
     Share Exchange Agreement (1)  
 
     10.1    
     The Company s 1996 Stock Option Plan and forms of agreements relating thereto (1) ( )  
 
     10.2(a)    
     Exclusive License Software Agreement by and between the Company and Therapeutic Systems Research Laboratories dated June 30, 1997. (2)  
 
     10.2(b)    
     Termination and Non-Assertion Agreement entered into on May 15, 2014 by and between the Company and TSRL, Inc. (11)  
 
     10.3(a)    
     The Company s 2007 Stock Option Plan. (3) ( )  
 
     10.3(b)    
     The Company s 2007 Stock Option Plan as amended as of December 6, 2013. (10) ( )  
 
     10.4(a)    
     Lease dated May 12, 2005 by and between Freeway Ventures, LLC and the Company. (6)  
 
     10.4(b)    
     Notice of Election to Extend Term of Lease by and between the Company and Crest Development LLC (formerly Freeway Ventures LLC) dated July 29, 2010.(4)  
 
     10.4(c)    
     One Amendment to Lease by and between the Company and Crest Development LLC entered into as of May 23, 2013. (8)  
 
     10.4(d)    
     Second Amendment to Lease by and between the Company and Crest Development LLC Entered into as of May 1, 2016*  
 
     10.5    
     Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, Words+, Inc., and Prentke Romich Company dated November 15, 2011. (7)  
 
     10.6    
     Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Walter S. Woltosz, dated as of August 28, 2014. (12) ( )  
 
     10.7    
     Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Thaddeus H Grasela Jr. dated as of September 2, 2014. (12) ( )  
 
     10.8    
     Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Walter S. Woltosz, dated as of July 9, 2015. (9) ( )  
 
     10.9    
     Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Walter S. Woltosz, dated as of August 8, 2016. (15) ( )  
 
     10.10    
     Form of Indemnification Agreement. (16)  
 
     21.1    
     List of Subsidiaries*  
 
     23.1    
     Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm*  
 
     31.v1    
     Section 302   Certification of the Principal Executive Officer*  
 
     31.v2    
     Section 302   Certification of the Principal Financial Officer*  
 
     32.v1    
     Section 906   Certification of the Chief Executive Office and Chief Financial Officer**  
 
     101v.INS    
     XBRL Instance Document.  
 
     101.SCH    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  
 
     101.CAL    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  
 
     101.DEF    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  
 
     101.LAB    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  
 
     101.PRE    
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

__________________________ 

(c)       Financial
Statement Schedule. 

See Item 15(a)(2) above. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

November 14, 2016 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.  

By: 
     /s/ John R. Kneisel 

John R. Kneisel Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature  
     Title  

/s/
        Walter S. Woltosz                       
         Walter S. Woltosz  
     Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer)  

November 14, 2016  

/s/
        Dr. Thaddeus H. Grasela                       
         Thaddeus H. Grasela  
     President and Director of the Company  

November 14, 2016  

/s/
        Dr. David Z. D Argenio                    
         Dr. David Z. D Argenio  
     Director  

November 14, 2016  

/s/
        Dr. David L. Ralph                        
         Dr. David L. Ralph  
     Director  

November 14, 2016  

/s/
        Dr. John K. Paglia                    
         John K. Paglia  
     Director  

November 14, 2016  

/s/
        John R. Kneisel                        
         John R. Kneisel  
     Chief Financial Officer of the Company (Principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)  
 
     November 14, 2016 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY   

  CONTENTS  

  August 31, 2016 and 2015  

Page   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
      F-2   

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Consolidated Balance Sheets  
      F-4   

Consolidated Statements of Operations  
      F-5   

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity  
      F-6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
      F-7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      F-8   F-24   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM  

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Simulations Plus, Inc. and Subsidiary 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Simulations Plus, Inc. (a California corporation) and subsidiary (the  Company ) as of August 31,
2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders  equity and cash flows for the years then
ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Simulations Plus,
Inc. and subsidiary at August 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of their income and their cash flows for each
of the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Simulations Plus, Inc. and subsidiary s internal
control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control   Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated
November 14, 2016 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 

/s/ Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP 

Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP 

Encino, California 

November 14, 2016 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of  Simulations Plus, Inc. 

We have audited Simulations Plus, Inc. and subsidiary s
internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) ( the COSO Criteria ).
Simulations Plus, Inc. and Subsidiary s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying
Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s
assessment: 

-  Ineffective information technology (IT) controls 

This material weakness was considered in determining the nature,
timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2016 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not
affect our report dated November 14, 2016, on those consolidated financial statements. 

In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness
described above on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Simulations Plus, Inc. and Subsidiary has not maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements
of income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows of Simulations Plus, Inc. and Subsidiary, and our report dated November
14, 2016, expressed an unqualified opinion. 

/s/
Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP 

Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP  

Encino, California  

November 14, 2016  

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  As of August 31  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 For the years ended August 31,  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.  
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  
For the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
For the years ended August 31,  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND LINES OF BUSINESS  

Organization  

 Simulations Plus, Inc. (the  Company ,
 we ,  us ,  our ) was incorporated on July 17, 1996. On September 2, 2014, Simulations Plus,
Inc. acquired all outstanding equity interests of Cognigen Corporation ( Cognigen ) pursuant to the terms of the Merger
Agreement and Cognigen became a wholly owned subsidiary of Simulations Plus, Inc. (collectively, the  Company ). 

Lines of Business  

 The Company designs and develops pharmaceutical
simulation software to promote cost-effective solutions to a number of problems in pharmaceutical research and in the education
of pharmacy and medical students, and it provides consulting services to the pharmaceutical and chemical industries. Recently,
the Company has begun to explore developing software applications for defense and for health care outside of the pharmaceutical
industry. 

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Principles of Consolidation  

 The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Simulations Plus, Inc. and, as of September 2, 2014, its wholly owned subsidiary, Cognigen Corporation. All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

 Our financial statements and accompanying notes
are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses.
These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. Significant accounting policies for us include revenue recognition, accounting for capitalized computer software
development costs, valuation of stock options, and accounting for income taxes. 

Reclassifications  

 Certain numbers in the prior year have been
reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation. 

Revenue Recognition  

 We recognize revenues related to software licenses
and software maintenance in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 985-605,  Software
  Revenue Recognition . Software product revenue is recorded when the following conditions are met: 1) evidence of
arrangement exists; 2) delivery has been made; 3) the amount is fixed; and 4) collectability is probable. Post-contract customer
support ( PCS ) obligations are insignificant; therefore, revenue for PCS is recognized at the same time as the licensing
fee, and the costs of providing such support services are accrued and amortized over the obligation period. 

As a byproduct of ongoing improvements and
upgrades for the new programs and new modules of software, some modifications are provided to our customers who have already purchased
software at no additional charge. Other software modifications result in new, additional cost modules that expand the functionality
of the software. These are licensed separately. We consider the modifications that are provided without charge to be minimal, as
they do not significantly change the basic functionality or utility of the software, but rather add convenience, such as being
able to plot some additional variable on a graph in addition to the numerous variables that had been available before, or adding
some additional calculations to supplement the information provided from running the software. Such software modifications for
any single product have typically occurred once or twice per year, sometimes more, sometimes less. Thus, they are infrequent. The
Company provides, for a fee, additional training and service calls to its customers and recognizes revenue at the time the training
or service call is provided. 

Generally, we enter into one-year license agreements
with customers for the use of our pharmaceutical software products. We recognize revenue on these contracts when all the criteria
are met. Most license agreements have a term of one year; however, from time to time, we enter into multi-year license agreements.
We generally unlock and invoice software one year at a time for multi-year licenses. Therefore, revenue is recognized one year
at a time. Certain of the Company's software products are housed and supported on the Company's computer networks. Software revenues
for those products are included in income over the life of the contract. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

We recognize revenue from collaboration research
and revenue from grants equally over their terms. For contract revenues based on actual hours incurred we recognize revenues when
the work is performed. For fixed price contracts, we recognize contract study and other contract revenues using the percentage-of-completion
method, depending upon how the contract studies are engaged, in accordance with ASC 605-35,   Revenue Recognition  
Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts  . To recognize revenue using the percentage-of-completion method, we
must determine whether we meet the following criteria: 1) there is a long-term, legally enforceable contract, 2) it is possible
to reasonably estimate the total project costs, and 3) it is possible to reasonably estimate the extent of progress toward completion. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

 For purposes of the statements of cash flows,
the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Accounts Receivable  

 We analyze the age of customer balances, historical
bad debt experience, customer creditworthiness, and changes in customer payment terms when making estimates of the collectability
of the Company s trade accounts receivable balances. If we determine that the financial conditions of any of our customers
have deteriorated, whether due to customer-specific or general economic issues, an increase in the allowance may be made. Accounts
receivable are written off when all collection attempts have failed. 

Capitalized Computer Software Development
Costs  

 Software development costs are capitalized
in accordance with ASC 985-20,   Costs of Software to Be Sold, Leased, or Marketed  . Capitalization of software
development costs begins upon the establishment of technological feasibility and is discontinued when the product is available
for sale. 

The establishment of technological feasibility
and the ongoing assessment for recoverability of capitalized software development costs require considerable judgment by management
with respect to certain external factors including, but not limited to, technological feasibility, anticipated future gross revenues,
estimated economic life, and changes in software and hardware technologies. Capitalized computer software development costs are
comprised primarily of salaries and direct payroll-related costs and the purchase of existing software to be used in the Company's
software products. 

Amortization of capitalized computer software
development costs is provided on a product-by-product basis on the straight-line method over the estimated economic life of the
products not to exceed five years. Amortization of software development costs amounted to $981,066 and $1,023,139 for the years
ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We expect future amortization expense to vary due to increases in capitalized computer
software development costs. 

We test capitalized computer software development
costs for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

Property and Equipment  

 Property and equipment are recorded at cost,
or fair market value for property and equipment acquired in business combinations, less accumulated depreciation and amortization.
Depreciation and amortization are provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives as follows: 

Equipment  
      5 years   
 
      Computer equipment  
      3 to 7 years   
 
      Furniture and fixtures  
      5 to 7 years   
 
      Leasehold improvements  
      Shorter of life of asset or lease   

Maintenance and minor replacements are charged
to expense as incurred. Gains and losses on disposals are included in the results of operations. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

Intangible Assets and Goodwill  

The Company performs valuations of assets acquired
and liabilities assumed on each acquisition accounted for as a business combination and recognizes the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at their acquisition date fair value. Acquired intangible assets include customer relationships, software, trade name,
and non-compete agreements. The Company determines the appropriate useful life by performing an analysis of expected cash flows
based on historical experience of the acquired businesses. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives using
the straight-line method, which approximates the pattern in which the majority of the economic benefits are expected to be consumed. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost
of an acquired entity over the fair value of the acquired net assets. Goodwill is not amortized, instead it is tested for impairment
annually or when events or circumstances change that would indicate that goodwill might be impaired. Events or circumstances that
could trigger an impairment review include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business
climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, a loss of key personnel, significant changes
in the manner of the Company's use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the Company's overall business, significant negative
industry or economic trends or significant under-performance relative to expected historical or projected future results of operations. 

Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting
unit level, which is one level below or the same as an operating segment. As of August 31, 2016, the Company determined that it
has two reporting units, Simulations Plus and Cognigen Corporation. When testing goodwill for impairment, the Company
first performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform step one of a two-step annual goodwill
impairment test for each reporting unit. The Company is required to perform step one only if it concludes that it is more likely
than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value. Should this be the case, the first step of the two-step
process is to identify whether a potential impairment exists by comparing the estimated fair values of the Company's reporting
units with their respective book values, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds book value,
goodwill is considered not to be impaired, and no additional steps are necessary. If, however, the fair value of the reporting
unit is less than book value, then the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount
of impairment loss, if any. The amount of the impairment loss is the excess of the carrying amount of the goodwill over its implied
fair value. The estimate of implied fair value of goodwill is primarily based on an estimate of the discounted cash flows expected
to result from that reporting unit, but may require valuations of certain internally generated and unrecognized intangible assets
such as the Company's software, technology, patents and trademarks. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair
value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. 

As of August 31, 2016, the entire balance of
goodwill was attributed to the Company's Cognigen Corporation reporting unit. Intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. The Company
has not recognized any impairment charges during the periods ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Reconciliation of Goodwill for the period ended
August 31, 2016: 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

Other Intangible Assets  

The following table summarizes other intangible
assets as of August 31, 2016: 

Amortization expense for the year ended August
31, 2016 and 2015 was $147,500. 

Future amortization for
the next five years is as follows: 

Business Acquisitions   

The Company accounted for the acquisition of
Cognigen using the purchase method of accounting where the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized based on their
respective estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is
recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of certain acquired assets and liabilities is subjective in nature and often involves
the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the selection of appropriate valuation methodology,
projected revenue, expenses and cash flows, weighted average cost of capital, discount rates, estimates of advertiser and publisher
turnover rates and estimates of terminal values. Business acquisitions are included in the Company's consolidated financial statements
as of the date of the acquisition. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 Financial assets and liabilities recorded at
fair value in the Company s Balance Sheet are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used
to measure their fair value. The categories, as defined by the standard, are as follows: 

Level Input:   
       
       Input Definition:    
 
      Level I  
       
      Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets at the measurement date.   
 
      Level II  
       
      Inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level I, that are observable for the asset or liability through corroboration with market data at the measurement date.   
 
      Level III  
       
      Unobservable inputs that reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.   

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

For certain of our financial instruments, including
accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued payroll and other expenses, and accrued bonuses to officers the carrying amounts
are approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. 

Advertising  

 The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred.
Advertising costs for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $131,783 and $38,000, respectively. 

Research and Development Costs  

 Research and development costs are charged
to expense as incurred until technological feasibility has been established. These costs include salaries, laboratory experiment,
and purchased software which was developed by other companies and incorporated into, or used in the development of, our final products. 

Income Taxes  

 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with ASC 740-10,   Income Taxes   which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. 

Under this method, deferred income taxes are
recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial
reporting amounts at each year-end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the
amount expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax payable for the period and the change during
the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Intellectual property  

 On February 28, 2012, we bought out the royalty
agreement with Enslein Research. The cost of $75,000 is being amortized over 10 years under the straight-line method. Amortization
expense for each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $7,500. Accumulated amortization as of August 31, 2016
and 2015 was $33,750 and $26,250, respectively. 

On May 15, 2014, we entered into a termination
and non-assertion agreement with TSRL, Inc., pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate an exclusive software licensing
agreement entered into between the parties in 1997. As a result, the company obtained a perpetual right to use certain source code
and data, and TSRL relinquished any rights and claims to any GastroPlus products and to any claims to royalties or other payments
under that 1997 agreement. We agreed to pay TSRL total consideration of $6,000,000, which is being amortized over 10 years under
the straight-line method. Amortization for the year ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $600,000. Accumulated amortization as of
August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $1,375,000 and $775,000, respectively. (See Note 5) 

Total amortization expense for intellectual
property agreements for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $607,500. Accumulated amortization as of August 31, 2016 and
2015 was $1,408,750 and $801,250, respectively. 

Future amortization for the next five years
is as follows: 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

Earnings per Share  

 The Company reports earnings per share in
accordance with FASB ACS 260-10. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the
weighted-average number of common shares available. Diluted earnings per share is computed similarly to basic earnings per share
except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if
the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. The components of basic and diluted
earnings per share for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

Stock-Based Compensation  

 The Company accounts for stock options using
the modified prospective method in accordance with FASB ASC 718-10,   Compensation-Stock Compensation  . Under
this method, compensation costs include estimated grant date fair value of the awards amortized over the options  vesting
period. Stock-based compensation was $347,077 and $295,243 for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
is included in the statements of operations as Consulting, Salaries, and Research and Development expense. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets  

The Company accounts for the impairment and
disposition of long-lived assets in accordance with ASC 350,   Intangibles   Goodwill and Other   and ASC
360,   Property and Equipment  . Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed for events or changes in circumstances
that indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of an
asset to the expected future undiscounted net cash flows generated by the asset. If we determine that the asset may not be recoverable,
or if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, we recognize an impairment charge to
the extent of the difference between the fair value and the asset's carrying amount. No impairment losses were recorded during
the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards  

In May 2014, FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers. The standard will eliminate the transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance
under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principles-based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 is effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The revenue recognition standard
is required to be applied retrospectively, including any combination of practical expedients as allowed in the standard. We are
evaluating the impact, if any, of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 to our financial statements and related disclosures. The Company
has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic
740). The amendments in ASU 2015-17 change the requirements for the classification of deferred taxes on the balance sheet. Currently,
GAAP requires an entity to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified
statement of financial position. To simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, the amendments in this ASU require that
deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The pronouncement
is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Earlier application
is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company has not yet selected a
transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842),
which supersedes existing guidance on accounting for leases in  Leases (Topic 840)  and generally requires all leases
to be recognized in the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. The provisions of ASU 2016-02 are to be applied using a modified retrospective
approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting. This ASU affects entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. The ASU is
designed to simplify several aspects of accounting for share-based payment award transactions which include - the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeiture rate calculations.
ASU 2016-09 will become effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted in any interim
or annual period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued AS 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606), which amends certain aspects of the Board's new revenue standard, ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. The standard should be adopted concurrently with adoption of ASU 2014-09 which is effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect
of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 

NOTE 3   CONTRACTS IN PROGRESS  

Cost, estimated earnings, and billings on uncompleted
contracts are summarized as follows as of August 31, 2016 and 2015: 

Contracts in progress are included in the accompanying balance sheets
under the following captions: 

NOTE 4   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

Property and equipment at August 31, 2016 and
2015 consisted of the following: 

Depreciation expense was $196,250 and $211,454
for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

NOTE 5: CONTRACTS PAYABLE  

TSRL  

 Pursuant to the termination and non-assertion
agreement with TSRL (See note 2), the Company will pay TSRL $2,500,000 over a three-year period. The remaining payment of $1,000,000
will be made in April 2017. 

Cognigen Acquisition Liability-Related Party  

 On September 2, 2014, the Company acquired
Cognigen Corporation (See note 13). As part of the consideration the Company agreed that within three business days following the
two year anniversary of July 23, 2014 (the date of the Merger Agreement) and subject to any offsets, the Company will pay the former
shareholders of Cognigen a total of $1,854,404, comprised of $720,000 of cash and the issuance of 170,014 shares of stock. The
former shareholders of Cognigen are currently employed by the consolidated Company, one of whom serves as the President of Simulations
Plus, Inc. and Cognigen. In July 2016 the final payment was made and the shares were issued. 

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Leases  

 We lease approximately 13,500 square feet of
space in Lancaster, California. The original lease had a five-year term with two, three-year options to extend. The initial five-year
term expired in February 2011, and we extended the lease to February 2, 2014. In June 2013, the lease was amended to extend the
term to February 2, 2017. The amended lease also provides for an annual base rent increase of 3% per year and two, two-year options
to extend. In May 2016 the company exercised the two, two-year options extending the term of the lease through February 2, 2021
at a fixed rate of $25,000 per month. The new extension agreement allowed the company with 90 days notice to opt out of the remaining
lease in the last two years of the term upon payment of a recapture payment equal to the 3% base payment increase that would have
been due under the original agreement. 

Our subsidiary leases approximately 12,225
square feet of space in Buffalo, New York. The initial five-year term expires in October 2018; the lease allows for a three year
option to extend to October 2021. The current base rent is $15,638 per month. 

Rent expense, including common area maintenance
fees for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 was $491,800 and $488,888, respectively. 

Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable
operating leases with remaining terms of one year or more at August 31, 2016 were as follows: 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

Employment Agreement  

 Effective September 1, 2014, the Company entered
into a new Employment Agreement with Walter S. Woltosz to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the  Woltosz Employment
Agreement ). The Woltosz Employment Agreement has a one-year term. Under the terms of the Woltosz Employment Agreement, Mr.
Woltosz is required to devote a minimum of 60% of his productive time to the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
He will receive annual compensation of $180,000, be eligible to receive up to 12,000 Company stock options under the 2007 Simulations
Plus, Inc. Stock Option Plan, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors, and shall be paid an annual performance
bonus of up to 5% of the Company s net income before taxes, not to exceed $36,000. A copy of the Woltosz Employment Agreement
was filed as an attachment to the 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 4, 2014. On July 9, 2015,
the Company renewed this employment agreement for another year at the same terms as the September 2014 agreement. A copy of the
agreement was filed as an attachment to the 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2015. On August 8,
2016 the Company renewed this employment agreement for another year at the same terms as the September 2014 agreement. A copy of
the agreement was filed as an attachment to the 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2016. 

On September 2, 2014, Thaddeus H. Grasela,
Jr., Ph.D., was appointed President of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary Cognigen, and the Company and Cognigen have
entered into an Employment Agreement with Dr. Grasela (the  Grasela Employment Agreement ) which has a three-year term.
Pursuant to the Grasela Employment Agreement, Dr. Grasela will receive an annual base salary of $250,000, will be eligible to receive
Company stock options under the 2007 Simulations Plus, Inc. Stock Option Plan, as determined by the Company s Board of Directors,
and will be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus in an amount not to exceed 10% of salary to be determined by the Compensation
Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. On September, 2016 and 2015 the Compensation Committee awarded a $25,000 performance
bonuses, this expense was accrued as an expense as of August 31, 2016 and 2015. 

License Agreement  

 The Company executed a royalty agreement with
Accelrys, Inc. (the original agreement was entered into with Symyx Technologies in March 2010; Symyx Technologies later merged
with Accelrys, Inc.) for access to their Metabolite Database for developing our Metabolite Module within ADMET Predictor .
The module was renamed the Metabolism Module when we released ADMET Predictor version 6 on April 19, 2012. Under this agreement,
we pay a royalty of 25% of revenue derived from the sale of the Metabolism/Metabolite module to Accelrys. In 2014, Dassault Systemes
of France acquired Accelrys and the company now operates under the name Biovia. Under this agreement for the year ended August
31, 2016 and 2015 we incurred royalty expense of $119,620 and $77,307, respectively. 

Litigation  

 Except as described below, we are not a party
to any legal proceedings and are not aware of any pending legal proceedings of any kind. 

In June 2014, the Company was served with
a complaint in a civil action entitled Sherri Winslow v. Incredible Adventures, Inc., et al. (Los Angeles Superior Court Case
No. BC545789) alleging wrongful death and seeking unspecified damages arising out of a May 18, 2012 plane crash in the State
of Nevada. The Company s Chief Executive Officer owns the subject aircraft and is also a named defendant. The complaint
alleged that the Company was the owner of the subject aircraft. The Company denies all material allegations against it,
including that it owns or has ever owned any interest in the subject aircraft. On November 25, 2014, the plaintiff and the
Company signed a stipulation of dismissal pursuant to which the plaintiff agreed to dismiss the Company without
prejudice. If the plaintiff does not discover evidence during a nine month period to and including August 31, 2015 that
justifies bringing the Company back into the litigation, the Company will prepare a dismissal with prejudice to be signed on
behalf of the plaintiff. The Company did not receive any notification and is in the process of further discussion with the
Plaintiffs  regarding final dismissal with prejudice. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

NOTE 7 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  

Dividend  

 The Company s Board of Directors declared
cash dividends during fiscal year 2016 and 2015. The details of dividend paid are in the following tables: 

FY2015  

FY2016  

Although dividend distributions are currently
expected to continue on a quarterly basis, the Company s Board of Directors reserves the right to discontinue the dividend
distribution any time. 

Stock Option Plan  

 In September 1996, the Company s Board
of Directors adopted, and the Company s shareholders approved, the 1996 Stock Option Plan (the  1996 Plan ) under
which a total of 1,000,000 shares of common stock had been reserved for issuance. The total number of shares that may be granted
under the 1996 Plan was increased to 2,000,000 in March 1999, to 4,000,000 in February 2000, to 5,000,000 in December 2000 and
to 6,000,000 in February 2005. All such increases were approved by the Company s Board of Directors and the Company s
shareholders. The 1996 Plan terminated in September 2006 in accordance with its terms. 

On February 23, 2007, the Company s Board
of Directors adopted and the Company s shareholders approved the 2007 Stock Option Plan (the  2007 Plan ) under
which a total of 1,000,000 shares of common stock had been reserved for issuance. On February 25, 2014, the Company s Board
of Directors and the Company s shareholders approved an increase of the total number of shares that may be granted under
the 2007 Plan to 2,000,000. 

Incentive Stock Options ( ISOs )  

 As of August 31, 2016, employees hold ISOs
to purchase in the aggregate 894,750 shares of the Company s common stock at exercise prices ranging from $1.00 to $9.82
per share. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

Non-Qualified Stock Options ( NQSOs )  

 As of August 31, 2016, the outside members
of the Company s Board of Directors hold NQSOs to purchase in the aggregate 52,750 shares of the Company s common stock
at exercise prices ranging from $1.78 to $8.62 per share. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

The fair value of the options, including both
ISOs and NQSOs, granted during fiscal year 2016 is estimated at $1,189,730. The fair value of these options was estimated at the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: dividend yield of 2.32%, pre-vest forfeiture
rate of 6.31%, expected volatility of 34.22%, risk-free interest rate of 1.42%, and expected life of 6.80 years. The total fair
value of non-vested stock options as of August 31, 2016 was $1,366,269 and is amortizable over a weighted average period of 7.58
years. 

The fair value of the options, including both
ISOs and NQSOs, granted during fiscal year 2015 was estimated at $113,435. The fair value of these options was estimated at the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: dividend yield of 3.03%, pre-vest forfeiture
rate of 6.20%, expected volatility of 47.13%, risk-free interest rate of 2.09%, and expected life of 6.89 years. 

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was
developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options, which do not have vesting restrictions and are fully transferable.
In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility.
Because our stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the
subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's opinion, the existing models do not
necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its stock options. 

Intrinsic Value of options outstanding and options exercisable 

The weighted-average remaining contractual
life of options outstanding issued under the 1996 and 2007 Plan was 7.74 years at August 31, 2016. The exercise prices for the
options outstanding at August 31, 2016 ranged from $1.00 to $9.82 per share, and the information relating to these options is as
follows: 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

NOTE 8 - INCOME TAXES  

We utilize FASB ASC 740-10,   Income
Taxes   which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. 

Under this method, deferred income taxes are
recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial
reporting amounts at each year end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the
amount expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax payable for the period and the change during
the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

The components of the income tax provision
for fiscal year 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

A reconciliation of the expected income tax
(benefit) computed using the federal statutory income tax rate to the Company's effective income tax rate is as follows for fiscal
year 2016 and 2015: 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

Significant components of the Company's deferred
tax assets and liabilities for income taxes for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

We follow guidance issued by the FASB with
regard to our accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements. Such guidance prescribes a recognition
threshold of more likely than not and a measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. In making this assessment, a company must determine whether it is more likely than
not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, based solely on the technical merits of the position and must assume
that the tax position will be examined by taxing authorities. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits in income tax expense. Interest and penalties totaled $ -0- and $-0- for fiscal year 2016 and 2015, respectively.
We file income tax returns with the IRS and various state jurisdictions and India. Our federal income tax returns for fiscal year
2012 thru 2013 and 2015 are open for audit, and our state tax returns for fiscal year 2011 through 2015 remain open for audit.
In addition our California tax return for the fiscal year 2007 and fiscal year 2008 remains open with regard to R D tax credits
as a result of a previous audit for which we received a letter from the California Franchise Tax Board stating that an audit will
not be conducted for those years at this time; however it may be subject to future audit. In 2015 the Company was informed that
the IRS was auditing the Company s tax return for 2014. This audit was completed during FY2016; there were no changes as
a result of the audit. 

Our review of prior year tax positions using
the criteria and provisions presented in guidance issued by FASB did not result in a material impact on our financial position
or results of operations. 

NOTE 9   CONCENTRATIONS AND UNCERTAINTIES  

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash, cash equivalents and trade accounts receivable. The Company
holds cash and cash equivalents at banks located in California, with balances that often exceed FDIC insured limits. Historically,
the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash
and cash equivalents. However, considering the current banking environment, the Company is investigating alternative ways to minimize
its exposure to such risks. While the Company may be exposed to credit losses due to the nonperformance of its counterparties,
the Company does not expect the settlement of these transactions to have a material effect on its results of operations, cash flows
or financial condition. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

Revenue concentration shows that international
sales accounted for 38% and 37% of net sales for fiscal year 2016 and 2015, respectively. Three customers accounted for 10% (a
dealer account in Japan representing various customers), 7% and 6% of net sales for fiscal year 2016. Three customers accounted
for 10% (a dealer account in Japan representing various customers), 8% and 6% of net sales for fiscal year 2015. 

Accounts receivable concentration shows that
three customers comprised 16% (a dealer account in Japan representing various customers), 10%, and 10% of accounts receivable at
August 31, 2016, and three customers comprised 12% (a dealer account in Asia representing various customer), 11% (a dealer account
in Japan representing various customers), and 11% of accounts receivable at August 31, 2015. 

We operate in the computer software industry,
which is highly competitive and changes rapidly. Our operating results could be significantly affected by our ability to develop
new products and find new distribution channels for new and existing products. 

The majority of our customers are in the pharmaceutical
industry. During economic downturns, we have seen consolidations in the pharmaceutical industry. Although we have not seen any
significant reduction in total revenues to date, our growth rate could be effected by consolidation and downsizing in the pharmaceutical
industry. 

NOTE 10: SEGMENT AND  Geographic
Reporting   

We account for segments and geographic revenues
in accordance with guidance issued by the FASB. Our reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products
and services. 

Results for each segment and consolidated results are as follows
years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, because of rounding, numbers may not foot): 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

In addition, the Company allocates revenues
to geographic areas based on the locations of its customers. Geographical revenues for the years ended August 31, 2016 and 2015
were as follows (in thousands, because of rounding, numbers may not foot): 

Year ended August 31, 2015  

Year ended August 31, 2016  

NOTE 11   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

During fiscal year 2016 and 2015, included
in bonus expenses to officers was $121,000, of which $60,000 was accrued bonus representing 5% of the Company s net income
before bonuses and taxes, not exceeding $60,000, paid to the Corporate Secretary, Virginia Woltosz, as an annual bonus as part
of the terms of the original sale of Words+ to the Company in 1996. In addition, $36,000 was accrued under the employment agreement
with Walter Woltosz, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and another $25,000 was expensed as a fiscal year 2014 performance
bonus for Thaddeus Grasela the Company s President. These bonuses were accrued as of August 31, 2016 and 2015, and paid in
the month following the fiscal close. 

On September 2, 2014 the Company acquired Cognigen
Corporation. The Company incurred a liability of $1,854,404 due to the former shareholders of Cognigen Corporation who are currently
employees and shareholders of the Consolidated Company. (See note 5). This liability was settled in July 2016 with a cash payment
of $720,000 and the balance of $1,134,404 stock issuance. 

NOTE 12 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN  

We maintain a 401(k) Plan for eligible employees.
We make matching contributions equal to 100% of the employee s elective deferral, not to exceed 4% of the total employee
compensation. We can also elect to make a profit-sharing contribution. We contributed $219,756 and $237,300 for fiscal year 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 13 - ACQUISITION/MERGER WITH
COGNIGEN CORPORATION  

On July 23, 2014, the Company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Cognigen Corporation ( Cognigen ). On September
2, 2014, the Company consummated the acquisition of all outstanding equity interests of Cognigen pursuant to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, with Cognigen merging with and into a newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. We believe the combination
of Simulations Plus and Cognigen provides substantial future potential based on the complementary strengths of each of the companies. 

SIMULATIONS PLUS, INC.   SUBSIDIARY    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     August 31, 2016 and 2015      

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, as
described below, the Company will pay the former shareholders of Cognigen total consideration of $7,000,000, consisting of $2,800,000
of cash and $4,200,000 worth of newly issued, unregistered shares of the Company s common stock. 

On September 2, 2014, the Company paid the
former shareholders of Cognigen a total of $5,200,000, comprised of cash in the amount of $2,080,000 and the issuance of 491,159
shares of the Company s common stock valued at $3,120,000 (under the terms of the Merger Agreement a price of approximately
$6.35 dollars per share was used based upon the volume-weighted average closing price of the Company s shares of common stock
for the 30-consecutive-trading-day period ending two trading days prior to September 2, 2014). The actual stock price at September
2, 2014 was $6.67, so the total value of the stock issued was approximately $3,277,000. The Merger Agreement provides for a two-year
market standoff period in which the newly issued shares may not be sold by the recipients thereof. 

Within three business days following the two-year
anniversary of July 23, 2014 (the date of the Merger Agreement) and subject to any offsets, the Company will pay the former shareholders
of Cognigen a total of $1,800,000, comprised of $720,000 of cash and the issuance of 170,014 shares of stock valued at $1,080,000
under the formula described above. 

The Merger Agreement provided for a targeted
working capital adjustment to be made 120 days after the closing date. 

Under the acquisition method of accounting,
the total estimated purchase price is allocated to Cognigen s tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based on their
estimated fair values at the date of the completion of the acquisition (September 2, 2014). The following table summarizes the
preliminary allocation of the purchase price for Cognigen: 

Goodwill has been provided in the transaction
based on estimates of future earnings of this subsidiary including anticipated synergies associated with the positioning of the
combined company as a leader in model-based drug development. Based on the structure of the transaction, the Company does not anticipate
benefiting from any tax deductions in future periods for recognized goodwill. 

NOTE 14 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

Dividend Declared  

On October 31, 2016, our Board of Directors
declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share to our shareholders. The dividend will be distributed on Thursday, November
17, 2016, for shareholders of record as of Thursday, November 10, 2016. 

<EX-10.4(D)>
 2
 simulations_10k-ex1004d.htm
 AMENDMENT TO LEASE

Exhibit 10.4(d)   

  Two   AMENDMENT TO LEASE  

THIS AMENDMENT TO LEASE is made and entered
into as of           May 1, 2016          ,by
and between 

Crest Development LLC  
     ( Lessor )  
 
     and Simulations Plus, Inc. 
     ( Lessee ).  

WHEREAS, on or about           9/12/05          
a Lease was entered into by and between Lessor and Lessee relating to certain real property commonly known as:      42505
10th Street West Lancaster, CA 93534      (the  Premises ), and 

WHEREAS, Lessor and Lessee   have  
have not previously amended said Lease, and 

WHEREAS, the Lessor and Lessee now desire
to amend said Lease, 

NOW, THEREFORE,  for payment of
TEN DOLLARS and other good and valuable consideration to Lessor, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged ,
the parties mutually agree to make the following additions and modifications to the Lease: 

TERM: The Expiration Date is hereby   advanced   extended to  February 2, 2021   

AGREED USE: The Agreed Use is hereby modified to:  

______________________________________________________________  

BASE RENT ADJUSTMENT: Monthly Base Rent shall be as follows:     Base
    rent from 12/31/15 through 2/2/21 to be at fixed at a rate of $25,000 per month. $2000 per month to be additionally paid toward
    CAM charges which will be justified by Lessor and adjusted base upon actual expenses.   

OTHER:  With a 90 day notification to Lessor, Lessee may opt out of the last two years of
the lease (2/2/19 through 2/2/21) upon a recapture payment of the 3% annual increases that are herein being forgived from 12/31/15
through the Lessee's move-out date .  

This Agreement shall not be construed against
the party preparing it, but shall be construed as if all parties jointly prepared this Agreement and any uncertainty and ambiguity
shall not be interpreted against any one party. 

All other terms and conditions of this
Lease shall remain unchanged and shall continue in full force and effect except as specifically amended herein. 

EXECUTED as of the day and year first above
written. 

By Lessor:  
       
      By Lessee:    
 
     Crest Development LLC 
       
     Simulations Plus Inc.  
 
      BY:  
        /s/ Gary S. Shafer 
       
      By:  
        /s/ Walter Woltosz  
 
     Name Printed: Gary S. Shafer 
       
     Name Printed: Walter Woltosz  
 
     Title: Member 
       
     Title: CEO  

By:  

By:  
         / s/John Kiensel  
 
     Name Printed: 
       
     Name Printed:John Kiensel  
 
     Title: 
       
     Title: CFO  

NOTICE: These forms are often
modified to meet changing requirements of law and industry needs. Always write or call to make sure you are utilizing the most
current form: AIR Commercial Real Estate Association, 500 N Brand Blvd, Suite 900, Glendale, CA 91203.   

   Telephone
No. (213) 687.8777. Fax No.: (213) 687-8616.   

PAGE 1 OF 1 

</EX-10.4(D)>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 simulations_10k-ex2101.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1  

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Cognigen Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 simulations_10k-ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1  

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements of Simulations Plus, Inc. on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-142882 and 333-197681) of our report dated November
14, 2016 with respect to the financial statements of Simulations Plus, Inc. as of and for the years ended August 31, 2016 and
2015 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Simulations Plus, Inc. for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2016. 

/s/
Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP       

 Rose, Snyder   Jacobs LLP 

Encino, California 

November 14, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 simulations_10k-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

SIMULATIONS
PLUS, INC.  
 a California corporation  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
(Principal Executive Officer) 

I, Walter S. Woltosz, certify that: 

1.       I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Simulations Plus, Inc., a California corporation; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 14, 2016 
     
         By:    /s/ Walter
        S. Woltosz                      
                 Walter S. Woltosz 
                 Chief Executive Officer 
                 (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 simulations_10k-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

SIMULATIONS
PLUS, INC.  
 a California corporation  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
(Principal Financial Officer) 

I, John R. Kneisel, certify that: 

1.       I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Simulations Plus, Inc., a California corporation; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: November 14, 2016 
     
         By:    /s/ John R.
        Kneisel                      
                 John R. Kneisel 
                 Chief Financial Officer 
                 (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 simulations_10k-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report of
Simulations Plus, Inc., a California corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), Walter S. Woltosz, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, and John R. Kneisel, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do each hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and result of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report.   

/s/  Walter S. Woltosz   

 Walter S. Woltosz 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 November 14, 2016 

/s/  John
R. Kneisel   

 John R. Kneisel 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 November 14, 2016 

(A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Simulations Plus, Inc. and will be retained by Simulations Plus, Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 simu-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 simu-20160831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 simu-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 simu-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 simu-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 simu-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

