<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1337013_0001193125-16-790850_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2821467</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82623</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>186597</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>473855</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1215576</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>764149</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-790850.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161212170454
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-790850
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			InfuSystem Holdings, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001337013
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				203341405
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35020
		FILM NUMBER:		162046891

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31700 RESEARCH PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			MADISON HEIGHTS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(248) 291-1210

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31700 RESEARCH PARK DRIVE
		CITY:			MADISON HEIGHTS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48071

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HAPC, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Healthcare Acquisition Partners Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050824

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-790850.txt : 20161212

10-Q/A
 1
 d299282d10qa.htm
 10-Q/A

10-Q/A 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q/A
     (Amendment No. 1)        

for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016   
  or       
 
  for the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number: 001-35020       

INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC.   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)        

Delaware  
   
  20-3341405   
 
    (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    31700 Research Park Drive   
  Madison Heights, Michigan 48071   
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)   
  (248) 291-1210   
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act.  

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
   
    (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act).    Yes       No       As of May 3, 2016, 22,623,987
shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, were outstanding.      

Table of Contents  

    EXPLANATORY NOTE    
 On November 1, 2016, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) concluded, after
review and discussion with management, that the Company s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and the Company s unaudited financial statements for each of the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2015
through June 30, 2016 (collectively, the  Financial Statements ) should no longer be relied upon. This Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Form 10-Q/A ) for the three months ended March 31,
2016, which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on May 10, 2016 (the  Original Form 10-Q ), restates the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March
31, 2016 and amends the related Notes and disclosures thereto, including the Company s controls and procedures. The impact on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 is to increase the
provision for contractual allowance (thereby reducing accounts receivable as shown on the balance sheet) and other items, as follows:      
   The impact of these amounts are included in the following items on the Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively:      

Consolidated Balance Sheet:  
    
   Consolidated Statement of Operations:  

Accounts receivable, net 
    
 Rental revenues 

Total Current Assets 
    
 Net revenues 

Deferred income taxes 
    
 Gross profit 

Total Assets 
    
 Operating income 

Retained deficit 
    
 Income before income taxes 

Total Stockholders  Equity 
    
 Income tax (expense) benefit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders  Equity 
    
 Net income 

Net income per basic and diluted share 

See the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2016 and Amendment No. 2
to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on December 12, 2016 for additional details.    The items amended in
the Original Form 10-Q are listed under  Items Amended by this Filing  below. Other than the  Items Amended by this Filing , disclosures in the Original Form 10-Q remain unchanged. However, for the convenience of the reader,
this Form 10-Q/A restates in its entirety, as amended, the Company s Original Form 10-Q. The Company has not modified or updated disclosures presented in the Original Form 10-Q, except as required to reflect the effects of the restatement.
Accordingly, this Form 10-Q/A does not reflect events occurring after the filing of the Original Form 10-Q and no attempt has been made in this Form 10-Q/A to modify or update other disclosures as presented in the Original Form 10-Q, except as
specifically referenced herein. Accordingly, this Form 10-Q/A should be read in conjunction with the Company s filings with the SEC subsequent to the filing of the Original Form 10-Q.  
   Background of Restatement    
 The calculation error affects only the Company s rentals of infusion pumps to patients, which are paid for by third-party insurance
payors. Revenue resulting from sales, service and rentals directly billed to health care providers is not impacted by this calculation error.  
 A summary of the restatement and its effects to the Company s financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, included within this Form 10-Q/A, is presented in Note 2 in the accompanying unaudited condensed Notes to consolidated financial statements.  
   Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management
conducted a reassessment of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2016. As a result of that reassessment, management concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective due to a material weakness.    For a description of the material weakness, see Part I   Item IV   Controls and
Procedures.      Items Amended by this Filing    
 The following items included in the Original Form 10-Q are amended by this Form 10-Q/A:  

Table of Contents  

Part I, Item I - Financial Statements;        

Part I, Item II - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations;        

Part I, Item IV - Controls and Procedures; and        

Part II, Item 1A - Risk Factors.      As required by Rule 12b-15 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, new certifications by the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer are filed as exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1 and 32.2 to this Form 10-Q/A.  
 The Company is concurrently filing an amended Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016 to reflect the
effects of the restatement therein.  

Table of Contents  

     INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  Index to Form 10-Q/A       

PAGE  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
    
    Financial Statements   

5 

-Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Restated) as of March 31, 2016 (unaudited)
 and December 31, 2015   

5 

-Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Restated) for the three
 months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015   

6 

-Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months
 ended March 31, 2016 and 2015   

7 

-Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Restated)

8 

Item 2.  
    
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

17 

Item 3.  
    
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

21 

Item 4.  
    
    Controls and Procedures   

21 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
    
    Legal Proceedings   

22 

Item 1A.  
    
    Risk Factors   

22 

Item 2.  
    
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

24 

Item 3.  
    
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

24 

Item 4.  
    
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

24 

Item 5.  
    
    Other Information   

24 

Item 6.  
    
    Exhibits   

24 

Signatures   

25 

Table of Contents  

     PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Financial Statements          INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS      
   See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

     INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (UNAUDITED)      (RESTATED)
      
   See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

     INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (UNAUDITED)       
   See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

     INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

1.  
  Basis of Presentation, Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     
 The terms  InfuSystem ,  the Company ,  we ,  our  and  us  are used herein to refer to
InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. is a leading provider of infusion pumps and related services. The Company services hospitals, oncology practices and other alternative site healthcare providers. Headquartered
in Madison Heights, Michigan, the Company delivers local, field-based customer support, and also operates pump repair Centers of Excellence in Michigan, Kansas, California, Texas, Georgia and Ontario, Canada.  
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information and notes required by U.S. Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) for complete financial statements. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, composed of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary by management
to fairly state the Company s results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The operating results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the full
year. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended
December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC.    The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP,
which requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities at the reporting date and the amounts of revenue and expenses in the periods presented. The Company believes that the accounting
estimates employed are appropriate and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to the inherent uncertainties in making estimates, actual results could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in future
periods.      

2.  
  Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements       Subsequent to the
filing of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016 with the SEC on May 10, 2016, management identified historical accounting errors principally related to a calculation error resulting in an
overstatement of estimated accounts receivable collections. Due to the nature of the industry and the reimbursement environment in which the Company operates, certain estimates are required to record net revenues and accounts receivable at their net
realizable value. Accounts receivable are reported at the estimated net realizable amounts from patients, third-party payors and other direct pay customers for goods provided and services rendered. The Company performs periodic analyses to assess
the accounts receivable balances. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts and contractual allowance (to reduce gross billed charges to a contractual or estimated net realizable value from third-party payors) based on management s
assessment of historical and expected estimated collectability of the accounts such that the recorded amounts reflect estimated net realizable value. Upon determination that an account is uncollectible, the account is written-off and charged to the
allowance for doubtful accounts for patients or the contractual allowance for third-party payors. The Company s allowance for doubtful accounts and contractual allowance are a reduction to accounts receivable on the Company s consolidated
financial position. Additions to the contractual allowance each period offset gross billed charges, which are not publicly reported in the Company s filings, to arrive at net revenue, which is publicly reported in the Company s
consolidated results of operations. Additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts, however, impact the bad debt expense line item of the Company s consolidated results of operations. The Company discovered that it has been applying an
incorrect cash collection percentage due to a calculation error when calculating the historical collection percentage from certain billings to third-parties. This calculation error resulted in an overstatement of historical cash collection
percentages from this revenue, which was then used to estimate future cash collections relative to an outstanding accounts receivable balance.  
 The calculation error affects only the Company s rentals of infusion pumps to patients, which are paid for by third-party insurance
payors. Revenue resulting from sales, service and rentals directly billed to health care providers is not impacted by this calculation error.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The impact on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal quarters ended March 31,
2016 and 2015 is to increase the provision for contractual allowance (thereby reducing accounts receivable as shown on the balance sheet) as follows:      
   The impact of these amounts are included in the following items on the Company s consolidated financial
statements for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively:      

Consolidated Balance Sheet:  
    
   Consolidated Statement of Operations:  

Accounts receivable, net 
    
 Rental revenues 

Total Current Assets 
    
 Net revenues 

Deferred income taxes 
    
 Gross profit 

Total Assets 
    
 Operating income 

Retained deficit 
    
 Income before income taxes 

Total Stockholders  Equity 
    
 Income tax (expense) benefit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders  Equity 
    
 Net income 

Net income per basic and diluted share 

The following tables present the effect of the correction discussed above and other adjustments on selected
line items of our previously reported consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      
 
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables present the effect of the correction discussed above and other adjustments
on selected line items of our previously reported consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      

3.  
  Business Combination       On April 20, 2015 (the  Closing Date ), the Company
acquired substantially all of the assets of Ciscura Holding Company, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( Ciscura ) for $6.2 million in cash, based on the final number of pumps acquired and the associated treatments, which were generated during the
90-day period post-closing from the approximately 100 medical facility relationships Ciscura had prior to the acquisition. The Company acquired approximately 1,800 infusion pumps, its four-person field sales team, as well as its facilities
management personnel, which have become the foundation of the Company s new Southeast facility. Ciscura, based in Alpharetta, GA, was a privately-held Southeastern regional provider of ambulatory infusion pumps and services to medical
facilities and provides the Company with a new regional warehouse and service facility that are in close proximity to a number of our largest existing customers, in addition to new customers previously serviced by Ciscura, enabling same day service
for equipment and supplies to much of the Southeast region. The Company used available borrowings under its Credit Facility to finance the acquisition and associated expenses.  
  Final Purchase Price Allocation   
 Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805, Business Combinations ,  the final purchase price was allocated to
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their fair values as of the Closing Date. The final purchase price allocation was primarily based upon a valuation using income and cost approaches and management s estimates and
assumptions. The allocation of the final purchase price to the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the Closing Date is presented below (in thousands):  
   
   Acquired property and equipment are being depreciated on a straight-line basis with estimated remaining lives
ranging from 1 year to 7 years.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

   Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information   
 The unaudited pro forma financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations of the Company and Ciscura as
though the companies had been combined as of the beginning of the three-month period ended March 31, 2015. The pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations
that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the period presented nor is it indicative of future results. The Company did not disclose the revenue and income of Ciscura separately as it is not practical
due to the fact that the operations are substantially integrated. The following pro forma financial information presented also includes the pro forma depreciation and amortization charges from acquired tangible and intangible assets, and related tax
effects for the three months ended March 31, 2015 (in thousands):      

4.  
  Medical Equipment and Property       Medical equipment consisted of the following as of March
31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands):      
   Depreciation expense for medical equipment for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was $1.5 million,
compared to $1.0 million for the same prior year period, which was recorded in cost of revenues   pump depreciation and disposals, for each period.  
 Depreciation expense for property and equipment for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 was $0.1 million. This expense was
recorded in general and administrative expenses.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

5.  
  Intangible Assets       The carrying amount and accumulated amortization of intangible assets
as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are as follows (in thousands):      
   Amortization expense for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was $0.9 million compared to $0.6 million for
the three months ended March 31, 2015. Expected annual amortization expense for intangible assets recorded as of March 31, 2016, is as follows (in thousands):      
     
   On March 23, 2015, the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (the
 Borrowers ) entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as lender (the  Lender ). The Credit Agreement consists of a $27.0 million Term Loan A, up to an $8.0 million
Term Loan B and a $10.0 million revolving credit facility (the  Revolver ), all of which mature on March 23, 2020, collectively (the  Credit Facility ).  
 On March 23, 2015, the Borrowers drew $27.0 million under the Term A Loan to repay and terminate the previously existing credit facility under
the credit agreement dated November 30, 2012, as amended, by and among the Company, its direct and indirect subsidiaries, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto (the  WF
Facility ). 
      12  

Table of Contents  

As of March 31, 2016, Term Loan B had a balance of $6.1 million. As of March 31, 2016, interest on the Credit Facility is payable at the Borrower s choice as a (i) Eurodollar Loan,
which bears interest at a per annum rate equal to LIBOR Plus a margin ranging from 2.00% to 2.50% or (ii) CBFR Loan, which bears interest at a per annum rate equal to (a) the Lender s prime rate or (b) LIBOR for a 30-day interest period Plus
2.50%, in each case, plus a margin ranging from -0.75% to -0.25%. The actual rate at March 31, 2016 was 2.93% (LIBOR of 0.43% plus 2.50%).  
 The availability under the Revolver is based upon the Borrower s eligible accounts receivable and eligible inventory and is comprised as
follows (in thousands):      
   To secure repayment of the obligations of the Borrowers, each Borrower has granted to the Lender, for the
benefit of various secured parties, a first priority security interest in substantially all of the personal property assets of each of the Borrowers. In addition, the Company has pledged the shares of InfuSystem Holdings USA, Inc.
( Holdings USA ) and Holdings USA has pledged the shares of each of InfuSystem, Inc. and First Biomedical, Inc. and the equity interests of IFC, LLC to the Lender, for the benefit of the secured parties, to further secure the obligations
under the Credit Agreement.    In addition, the Credit Agreement requires the Borrowers to maintain the following financial covenant
obligations:      

(iii) 
 a minimum net worth of $37.5 million.      The restatement error and the Company s decision
to prepay debt, would have resulted in the Company being non-compliant with its fixed charge coverage ratio covenant as of March 31, 2016, however, as of June 30, 2016, the Company would have been in compliance. As a result of the Company s
restatement of prior consolidated financial statements described herein, the following Events of Default occurred:      

(i) 
 an Event of Default that results from breach of the Fixed Charge Coverage covenant as of March 31, 2016 as required under Section 6.12(b); and    

(ii) 
 an Event of Default that results from the unintentional misrepresentations made prior to the date of the First Amendment in connection with the certification as to the accuracy of the financial statements and compliance
certificate delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 as they relate solely to the source of the error that has necessitated the restatement discussed herein.    
 In order to cure these violations, the Company entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Waiver on December 5, 2016. This First
Amendment amends the Credit Agreement in the following material respects:      

(i) 
 a waiver of the Event of Default that results from the failure to timely deliver the unaudited financial statements for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 as required under Section 5.01(b) and (c);

(ii) 
 a waiver of the Event of Default that results from breach of the Fixed Charge Coverage covenant as of March 31, 2016 as required under Section 6.12(b);    

(iii) 
 a waiver of the Event of Default that results from the unintentional misrepresentations made prior to the date of the First Amendment in connection with the certification as to the accuracy of the financial statements
and compliance certificate delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 as they relate solely to the source of the error that has necessitated the restatement discussed herein;    

(iv) 
 a restructuring of the credit facility that will effectively consolidate Term Loan A and Term Loan B into a single Term Loan resulting in a new total drawn amount of $32 million under the Term Loan with the
approximately $5 million excess over the current aggregate drawn amounts under Term Loan A and Term Loan B to be available to reduce the Company s drawings under the revolving credit line;    

(v) 
 set the maturity of the new Term Loan described in item (iv) and the revolving credit line to five years from the effective date of the First Amendment;    

(vi) 
 set the quarterly mandatory principal payment due on the Term Loan to $1.3 million due on the last business day of each fiscal quarter with any remaining unpaid and outstanding amount due at maturity;    

(vii) 
 amend the deadline for delivery of consolidated financial statements to allow for the delivery of such statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 by December 16, 2016;    

(viii) 
 amend the deadline for delivery of the Company s annual financial plan and forecast to 30 days after the end of each fiscal year;    

(x) 
 amend the definition of EBITDA to provide for the exclusion of certain one-time expenses directly related to the financial restatement described herein;    

(xi) 
 amend Section 8.01(a) to replace references to  Jonathan Foster  with  Christopher Downs .    
 As a result of the waivers of Events of Default contained within the First Amendment to Credit and Waiver Agreement described herein, as of
March 31, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants.    The Company occasionally enters into capital leases to finance the
purchase of ambulatory infusion pumps. The pumps are capitalized into medical equipment in rental service at their fair market value, which equals the value of the future minimum lease payments and are depreciated over the useful life of the
pumps.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  The Company had approximate future maturities of loans and capital leases as of March 31, 2016 as
follows (in thousands):      

(b) 
 Includes the reclassification of the debt issuance costs as a result of the Company adopting ASU 2015-03    
 The following is a breakdown of the Company s current and long-term debt (including capital leases) as of March 31, 2016 and December 31,
2015 (in thousands):      

(a) 
 Includes the reclassification of the debt issuance costs as a result of the Company adopting ASU 2015-03        

7.  
  Income Taxes       During the three months ended March 31, 2016, the Company recorded income
tax expense of $0.1 million. The Company recorded an income tax benefit of $0.4 million for the same prior year period. In computing its income tax provision, the Company estimates its effective tax rate for the full year and applies that
rate to income earned through the reporting period. The Company s effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was 68.2% compared to 40.4% for the same prior year period.  

8.  
  Commitments, Contingencies and Litigation       From time to time in the ordinary course of
its business, the Company may be involved in legal proceedings, the outcomes of which may not be determinable. The Company has insurance policies covering potential losses where such coverage is cost effective. The Company is not, at this
time, involved in any legal proceedings that the Company believes could have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

9.  
  Earnings (Loss) Per Share       Basic income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share assumes the issuance of potentially dilutive shares of common stock during the period. The following table reconciles the
numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted income (loss) per share computations:      
   For the three months ended March 31, 2016, 0.1 million of stock options were not included in the calculation
because they would have an anti-dilutive effect. For the three months ended March 31, 2015, 0.3 million of stock options were not included in the calculation because they would have an anti-dilutive effect.  
   
   The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date of
issuance for the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.      

11.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Developments       In April 2015, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-03, Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs ( ASU 2015-03 ),
and, in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements Amendments to SEC
Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting ( ASU 2015-15 ). ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. ASU 2015-15 then clarified that debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit arrangement can be presented as an asset on the balance sheet, regardless of whether there are
any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. These ASUs are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016,
and as a result, have recast the December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet to conform to the current period presentation. The adoption of this standard reduced previously presented other assets and long-term debt by $0.1million, based upon the
balance of unamortized debt issuance costs relating to its Credit Facility as of December 31, 2015.    On May 28, 2014, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

to customers. ASU 2014-09 will supersede the existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective and permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect
transition method. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, deferring the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year, from January 1, 2017 to January 1, 2018. The Company plans to adopt ASU 2014-09 on January 1, 2018. The Company is
evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and has not yet selected a transition method nor has the Company determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial
reporting.    In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for
Measurement-Period Adjustments ( ASU 2015-16 ), requiring that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are
determined. ASU 2015-16 also requires an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement, or disclose in the notes to the financial statements, the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would
have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is effective within annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2015, including interim
periods within that reporting period, and will be applied prospectively to measurement-period adjustments that occur after the effective date of this ASU. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption of this guidance
will have on its financial position, results of operations, cash flows and/or disclosures.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). Under ASU 2016-02, an entity will be required to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. ASU
2016-02 offers specific accounting guidance for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions. Lessees and lessors are required to disclose qualitative and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the
financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. For public companies, ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that
reporting period, and requires a modified retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption of this guidance will have on its financial position, results of operations,
cash flows and/or disclosures.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations       The terms
 InfuSystem ,  the Company ,  we ,  our  and  us  used herein refer to InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries.  
  CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 Certain statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). The words  believe,   may,   will, 
 estimate,   continue,   anticipate,   intend,   should,   plan,   expect,   strategy,   future,   likely,  variations of such words, and other
similar expressions, as they relate to the Company, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. In connection with the
 safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Company is identifying certain factors that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking
statements. Those factors, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, potential changes in overall healthcare reimbursement, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) competitive bidding and fee
schedule reductions, sequestration, concentration of customers, increased focus on early detection of cancer, competitive treatments, dependency on Medicare Supplier Number, availability of chemotherapy drugs, global financial conditions, changes
and enforcement of state and federal laws, natural forces, competition, dependency on suppliers, risks in acquisitions   joint ventures, U.S. Healthcare Reform, relationships with healthcare professionals and organizations, technological changes
related to infusion therapy, the Company s ability to implement information technology improvements and to respond to technological changes, the ability of the Company to successfully integrate acquired businesses, dependency on key personnel,
dependency on banking relations and the ability to comply with Credit Facility (as defined below) covenants, and other risks associated with our common stock, as well as any litigation to which the Company may be involved in from time to time; and
other risk factors as discussed in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in other filings made by the Company from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Our
annual report on Form 10-K/A is available on the SEC s EDGAR website at  www.sec.gov , and a copy may also be obtained by contacting the Company. All forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q/A speak only as of the date of this
report. We do not intend, and do not undertake any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances after the date of such statements.  
  All of the financial information presented in this Item 2 has been revised to reflect the restatement of our consolidated financial
statements, as more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q/A.      Overview
    We are a leading provider of infusion pumps and related services. We service hospitals, oncology practices and other alternative site
healthcare providers. Headquartered in Madison Heights, Michigan, we deliver local, field-based customer support, and also operate Centers of Excellence in Michigan, Kansas, California, Texas, Georgia and Ontario, Canada.  
 We supply electronic ambulatory infusion pumps and associated disposable supply kits to oncology practices, infusion clinics and hospital
outpatient chemotherapy clinics. These pumps and supplies are utilized mostly by colorectal cancer patients who receive a standard of care treatment that utilizes continuous chemotherapy infusions delivered via electronic ambulatory infusion pumps.
Our products and services are also utilized by patients in other disease states such as pancreatic, esophageal, stomach, and other head and neck and gastro intestinal tract cancers, as well as in the management of post-operative pain. We obtain an
assignment of insurance benefits from the patient, bill the insurance company or patient accordingly, and collect payment. We provide pump management services for the pumps and associated disposable supply kits to over 1,700 cancer therapy sites in
the United States, and except in rare circumstances where the patient has met a payment cap, retain title to the pumps during this process.  
 We sell or rent new and pre-owned pole mounted and ambulatory infusion pumps to, and provide biomedical recertification, maintenance and
repair services for, oncology practices as well as other alternative site settings including home care and home infusion providers, skilled nursing facilities, pain centers and others.  
 Additionally, we sell, rent, service and repair new and pre-owned infusion pumps and other medical equipment. We also sell a variety of
primary and secondary tubing, cassettes, catheters and other disposable items that are utilized with infusion pumps. Our rental and sales revenues come from three different revenue streams: provider to patient, supplier to supplier, and supplier to
provider.    Since 2013, we have made significant investments in our Information Technology ( IT ). These efforts have primarily
been focused on increasing electronic connectivity with our customers via electronic medical integration, pump portal, and asset tracking. Since 2014, we have invested in supporting uses of our ambulatory pumps in pain management for outpatient
orthopedic surgeries utilizing continuous peripheral nerve block and collecting patient pain scores.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

   Recent Developments   
  CMS     On April 28, 2016,
CMS released the Medical Learning Network ( MLN ) Matters Number SE1609  Medicare Policy Clarified for Prolonged Drug and Biological Infusions Started Incident to a Physician s Service Using an External Pump  clarification
article. This clarification article is  intended for all physicians and hospital outpatient departments submitting claims to Medicare Administrative Contractors ( MACs ) for prolonged drug and biological infusions started incident to
a physician s service using an external pump. It should be noted that this article does not apply to suppliers  claims submitted to Durable Medical Equipment MACs ( DME MACs ).  See Part II, Item 1A for a discussion of any
potential risks or impacts relating to this CMS article.     InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended
March 31, 2016 Compared to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2015      Net Revenues   
 Our net revenues for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 was $18.3 million, an increase of $1.7 million, or 11%, compared to $16.6 million for the
quarter ended March 31, 2015. During the period, net revenues from rentals increased $1.5 million, or 10%, compared to the same prior year period. Our restatement resulted in a decrease in net revenues and rentals by $0.6 million compared to the
prior year period. Net revenues from product sales were $1.8 million, an increase of $0.2 million compared to the same period of 2015. The remaining increase in net revenues can be attributed to (i) greater rental volume with new and existing sites
of therapy, partially offset by an overall slight reduction in reimbursement rates from payors as a whole, and (ii) additional revenues of approximately $0.9 million from our Ciscura acquisition.  
 In the ordinary course, the Company customarily has unbilled rental revenues which generally remains at consistent levels. For the quarter
ended March 31, 2016, unbilled revenues increased by approximately $0.8 million, as compared to the prior year end, due to a delay in receiving paperwork from the facilities necessary to complete billing and the revenue cycle. We expect this
increase in unbilled rental revenues to continue in the second quarter of 2016 and to decrease to consistent levels during the latter part of 2016.  
  Gross Profit     Gross
profit for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 was $12.6 million, an increase of $0.6 million, or 5%, compared to the quarter ended March 31, 2015. Gross profit, as a percentage of revenues, for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 was 69%, down slightly
from the same prior year period of 72%. Our restatement resulted in a decrease in gross profit by $0.6 million compared to the prior year period. The remaining increase in gross profit for the period is mainly due to the increase in rental revenues
for the period which was offset by a $0.3 million increase in supply costs associated with the increase in rental revenues and the deployment of pumps to new therapy sites.  
  Provision for Doubtful Accounts   
 Provision for doubtful accounts for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 was $1.7 million, an increase of $0.5 million, or 46%, compared to $1.2
million for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. The provision for doubtful accounts was 9% of revenues at March 31, 2016, compared to 7% for the same prior year period. This increase is due (i) mainly to a change in a payor that was billing the
Company as in-network without a contract to out-of-network, thereby resulting in an increase in bad debt and the Company expects to sign a contract with this payor in the near future whereby the billing will resort back to in-network; and, (ii) an
increase in direct rental bad debt reserves of $0.1 million as a result of a changeover in collection personnel. In addition, the Company believes this increase in reserves can be reversed by the third quarter of 2016.  
  Amortization of Intangible Assets   
 Amortization of intangible assets for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 was $0.9 million, an increase of $0.3 million compared to the same prior
year period. These increases were largely attributable to the completion of several IT projects that were placed into service and the resulting amortization.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   Selling and Marketing Expenses   
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, selling and marketing expenses were $2.8 million, an increase of $0.1 million, or 3%, compared to $2.7
million for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. These increases were largely attributable to increased efforts in the marketing area and additional headcount as a result of our acquisition of Ciscura. Selling and marketing expenses during these
periods consisted of sales personnel salaries, commissions and associated fringe benefit and payroll-related items, marketing, share-based compensation, travel and entertainment and other miscellaneous expenses.  
  General and Administrative Expenses   
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, General and Administrative ( G A ) expenses were $6.7 million, an increase of $0.7
million, or 12%, from $6.0 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. The increase in G A expenses versus the same prior year period was mainly attributable to increases in spending on IT of $0.5 million and increases in depreciation and
professional fees of $0.1 million each.     Other Income and Expenses   
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, we recorded interest expense of $0.3 million, a decrease of $0.4 million, or 55%, compared to $0.7
million with the same prior year period. This is a direct result of the lower interest rates with our new Credit Facility, which we entered into on March 23, 2015, consisting of a $27.0 million Term Loan A, up to an $8.0 million Term Loan B and a
$10.0 million revolving credit facility (the  Revolver ), all of which mature on March 23, 2020, collectively (the  Credit Facility ). In addition, during the quarter ended March 31, 2015, we had other expenses of $1.6 million,
primarily related to the write-off of deferred financing costs as a result of the early extinguishment of debt.     Income Taxes   
 During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we recorded income tax expense of $0.1 million compared to an income tax benefit of $0.4 million
for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. Our restatement resulted in an additional income tax benefit of $0.2 million compared to the prior year period. Our effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was 68.2% compared to 40.4%
for the same prior year period.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 As of March 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $0.6 million and $6.2 million of net availability under the Revolver compared to $0.8
million of cash and cash equivalents and $9.9 million of availability under our Revolver at December 31, 2015.   As of March 31, 2016, the
Company has prepaid its Term Loan A principal payments due on June 30, 2016, September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016. Each of these payments is approximately $1.0 million, representing a total prepayment of $2.9 million.  
 Cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was $0.3 million compared to cash used in operating activities
of $1.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015. This increase is due to higher amounts of non-cash expenses (such as the provision for doubtful accounts, deferred income taxes and depreciation and amortization) in the current period, as
well as an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities.    Cash used in investing activities was $2.4 million for the three months
ended March 31, 2016 compared to cash used of $2.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015. The decrease in cash used was due to a $1.1 million decrease in spending on non-pump assets, the majority of which was a direct result of a more
significant investment in IT during the quarter ended March 31, 2015, $0.7 million increase in cash used to purchase medical equipment and $0.2 million less in cash proceeds from sale of medical equipment. The Company bought $3.1 million of infusion
pumps during the three-month period ended March 31, 2016 to serve new rental business anticipated for the remainder of 2016.    Cash
proceeds in financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was $1.8 million compared to cash proceeds of $6.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015. This change is primarily attributable to the cash proceeds received as a
result of our decision to refinance our debt in the first quarter of 2015.    The availability under the Revolver is based upon our eligible
accounts receivable and eligible inventory and is computed as follows (in thousands):  
      19  

Table of Contents  

Our Credit Facility is collateralized by substantially all of our assets and shares of our subsidiaries and
requires us to comply with covenants, including but not limited to, financial covenants relating to the satisfaction, on a quarterly and annual basis for the duration of the Credit Facility, of a total leverage ratio, a fixed charge coverage ratio
and a net worth level. As a result of the restatement described in Note 6, the following Events of Default occurred:      

(i) 
 an Event of Default that results from breach of the Fixed Charge Coverage covenant as of March 31, 2016 as required under Section 6.12(b); and    

(ii) 
 an Event of Default that results from the unintentional misrepresentations made prior to the date of the First Amendment in connection with the certification as to the accuracy of the financial statements and compliance
certificate delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 as they relate solely to the source of the error that has necessitated the restatement discussed herein.    
 In order to cure these violations, we entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Waiver on December 5, 2016. This First
Amendment amends the Credit Agreement in the following material respects:      

(i) 
 a waiver of the Event of Default that results from the failure to timely deliver the unaudited financial statements for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 as required under Section 5.01(b) and (c);

(ii) 
 a waiver of the Event of Default that results from breach of the Fixed Charge Coverage covenant as of March 31, 2016 as required under Section 6.12(b);    

(iii) 
 a waiver of the Event of Default that results from the unintentional misrepresentations made prior to the date of the First Amendment in connection with the certification as to the accuracy of the financial statements
and compliance certificate delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 as they relate solely to the source of the error that has necessitated the restatement discussed herein;    

(iv) 
 a restructuring of the credit facility that will effectively consolidate Term Loan A and Term Loan B into a single Term Loan resulting in a new total drawn amount of $32 million under the Term Loan with the
approximately $5 million excess over the current aggregate drawn amounts under Term Loan A and Term Loan B to be available to reduce the Company s drawings under the revolving credit line;    

(v) 
 set the maturity of the new Term Loan described in item (iv) and the revolving credit line to five years from the effective date of the First Amendment;    

(vi) 
 set the quarterly mandatory principal payment due on the Term Loan to $1.3 million due on the last business day of each fiscal quarter with any remaining unpaid and outstanding amount due at maturity;    

(vii) 
 amend the deadline for delivery of consolidated financial statements to allow for the delivery of such statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 by December 16, 2016;    

(viii) 
 amend the deadline for delivery of the Company s annual financial plan and forecast to 30 days after the end of each fiscal year;    

(x) 
 amend the definition of EBITDA to provide for the exclusion of certain one-time expenses directly related to the financial restatement described herein;    

(xi) 
 amend Section 8.01(a) to replace references to  Jonathan Foster  with  Christopher Downs .    
 As a result of the waivers of Events of Default contained within the First Amendment to Credit and Waiver Agreement described in Note 6 to the
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, as of March 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all such covenants and expect to remain in compliance for the next 12 months.  
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which require the use of estimates,
judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses in the periods
presented. We believe that the accounting estimates employed are appropriate and resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to inherent uncertainties in making estimates actual results could differ from the original estimates, requiring
adjustments to these balances in future periods. The critical accounting estimates that affect the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the judgments and assumptions used are consistent with those described in the MD A
section in our annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

Item 3.  
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       InfuSystem is a smaller
reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item.      

Item 4.  
  Controls and Procedures       An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2016. The evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer included a review of the restatement described in the filing of this Form 10-Q/A and the Amendment No. 2 to our Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015, where the Company restated its consolidated balance sheet, consolidated statements of operations, consolidated statements of cash flows and notes to our consolidated financial statements. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2016 at the reasonable assurance level, to enable us to record, process, summarize and report information required to be disclosed
by us in reports that we file or submit within the time periods specified in the SEC rules or forms due to the material weakness described below.  
  Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
 A material weakness is defined as a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In connection with the restatement of our condensed consolidated financial statements and
revised management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting at December 31, 2015, and evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2016, we identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting associated with a calculation error in our statistical method of calculating collectible accounts receivable and corresponding revenue.  
 Specifically, the Company did not design and maintain effective internal control over the assessment of the accounting for significant
estimates associated with collections of accounts receivable and corresponding revenue. This material weakness resulted in the restatement described in Note 2 of our prior period financial statements including the years ended December 31, 2015 and
the interim periods therein and the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2016, which is included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016 (three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 only). Additionally, this
material weakness could result in a misstatement in the financial statements that would result in a material misstatement in the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected.  
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
 Other than the material weakness as set forth above during the quarter ended March 31, 2016, there have been no changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the quarter ended March 31, 2016 identified in connection with our evaluation that has materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.     Management s Remediation Initiatives   
 We have taken, and continue to take, the actions described below to remediate the identified material weakness. As we continue to evaluate and
work to improve our internal controls over financial reporting, our senior management may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or modify the remediation efforts, or in appropriate circumstances not to complete,
certain of the remediation measures described in this section. While the Audit Committee and senior management are closely monitoring the implementation, until the remediation efforts discussed in this section, including any additional remediation
efforts that our senior management identifies as necessary, are completed, tested, and determined effective, the material weakness described above will continue to exist.  
 To address this material weakness, our management has implemented new procedures and internal controls surrounding the use of our statistical
method of calculating collections of accounts receivable and corresponding revenue. These include, but are not limited to, simplifying the calculation to reduce potential opportunities for error; establishing a more formalized process of review for
the calculation by members of the Company s senior management, including establishing key controls and control design, and implementing a quarterly review of the estimated receivables collection calculation against other possible
quantitative/qualitative methods to validate conclusions.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

     PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       We are, from time to time, a party to legal proceedings that may
arise in the ordinary course of our business. Currently, there are no legal proceedings that management believes would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       For information regarding factors that could affect our results of
operations, financial condition and liquidity, refer to the section entitled  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A in our annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Except as updated below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K/A
for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC.      We have restated our prior consolidated financial statements, which may lead to
additional risks and uncertainties, including loss of investor confidence, stockholder litigation and negative impacts on our stock price.    
 As discussed in Note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8   Financial Statements and
Supplemental Data of our Form 10-K/A, we have restated our consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and for each of the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2015 through June 30, 2016 (the  Restated
Periods ). The determination to restate the financial statements for the Restated Periods was made by our Audit Committee upon management s recommendation following the identification of errors principally related to an overstatement of
estimated accounts receivable collections. Due to the errors, our management concluded that the Company s previously issued financial statements for the Restated Periods should no longer be relied upon.  
 As a result of these events, we have become subject to a number of additional costs and risks, including unanticipated costs for accounting
and legal fees in connection with or related to the restatement. We are also the subject of stockholder litigation that has been filed relating to the restatement. We may incur additional substantial defense costs regardless of the outcome of such
litigation. Likewise, such events might cause a diversion of our management s time and attention. If we do not prevail in any such litigation, we could be required to pay substantial damages or settlement costs. In addition, the restatement may
lead to a loss of investor confidence and have negative impacts on the trading price of our common stock.      Our business is substantially dependent
on estimates of collectible revenue from third-party reimbursement.      Our revenues are substantially dependent on estimates of
collectible revenue from third-party reimbursement. Due to the complex nature of third-party reimbursement for the use of continuous infusion equipment and related disposable supplies provided to patients, we must estimate, based upon historical
averages, the amount of collectible revenue that may be derived from each patient treatment. If average reimbursement diverges from historical levels, the estimates of such revenue may diverge from actual collections.  
 We utilize statistical methods to account for such changes, but there can be no assurance that the revenue reported in any period will
ultimately be collected. Any recognized revenue related to third-party reimbursement from prior periods, which remains uncollected until written off from accounts receivable, will negatively impact revenues in the period in which it is written off.
Thus, over time, recognized revenue net of bad debt expense will approximate total collections.      We have identified a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting which has and in the future could, if not remediated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements.    
 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over its financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. As disclosed in Item IV of Part I of this report and Item 9A of Part II in our Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on December 12, 2016, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting related to a calculation error in our statistical method of calculating collectible accounts receivable and corresponding revenue. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of this material weakness, our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the last day of the period covered by this  Form 10-Q/A.   
      22  

Table of Contents  

  We are actively engaged in developing a remediation plan designed to address this material
weakness. As disclosed in Item IV of Part I of this Form 10-Q/A, because of the material weakness identified by the Company, our consolidated financial statements contained material misstatements that required restatement of the Company s
financial results in this Form 10-Q/A. We have taken, and continue to take, the actions discussed Part I, Item 4   Controls and Procedures   Management s Remediation Initiatives of this Form 10-Q/A to remediate the identified material
weakness. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal controls over financial reporting, our senior management may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or modify the remediation efforts described in
this report. While the Audit Committee and senior management are closely monitoring the implementation, until the remediation efforts discussed in this report, including any additional remediation efforts that our senior management identifies as
necessary, are completed, tested, and determined effective, the material weakness described in this report could continue to exist. If in the future, the measures are insufficient to address the material weakness or if additional material weaknesses
or significant deficiencies in the internal control are discovered or occur in the future, the consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to restate our financial results, which could materially and
adversely affect the Company s business and results of operations or financial condition, restrict its ability to access the capital markets, require the Company to expend significant resources to correct the weaknesses or deficiencies, subject
it to fines, penalties or judgments, harm its reputation or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence.      Our business is
substantially dependent on third-party reimbursement. Any change in the overall health care reimbursement system may adversely impact our business.    
 Our revenues are substantially dependent on third-party reimbursement. We are paid directly by private insurers and governmental agencies,
often on a fixed fee basis, for the use of continuous infusion equipment and related disposable supplies provided to patients. If the average fees allowable by private insurers or governmental agencies were reduced, the negative impact on revenues
could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Also, if amounts owed to us by patients and insurers are reduced or not paid on a timely basis, we may be required to increase our bad debt
expense and/or decrease our revenues.    Changes in the health care reimbursement system often create financial incentives and disincentives
that encourage or discourage the use of a particular type of product, therapy or clinical procedure. Such changes may be impacted by the growth in ACOs, reduction of providers by payors, the use of lower cost rental networks and other factors.
Market acceptance of continuous infusion therapy may be adversely affected by changes or trends within the health care reimbursement system. Changes to the health care reimbursement system that favor other technologies or treatment regimens that
reduce reimbursements to providers or treatment facilities, including increasing competitive pressures from home health care and other companies that use our services, may adversely affect our ability to market our services profitably. Overall, such
dependency and potential changes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 On April 28, 2016, CMS released the MLN Matters Number SE1609  Medicare Policy Clarified for Prolonged Drug and Biological Infusions
Started Incident to a Physician s Service Using an External Pump  clarification article. This clarification article is  intended for all physicians and hospital outpatient departments submitting claims to MACs for prolonged drug and
biological infusions started incident to a physician s service using an external pump. Note that this article does not apply to suppliers  claims submitted to DME MACs.  Although management does not believe that this clarification of
CMS  current reimbursement policy will have a material impact on the Company s business, there is not currently sufficient information available to make this determination and how this development may impact our future revenues and net
income. Due to existing conflicting interpretations, there is no assurance that CMS will not interpret this article differently than management or change other reimbursement practices that could directly or indirectly impact our business or future
revenues and net income.    For additional information pertaining to CMS, refer to Item 1   Business   Significant Customers and
Recent Events in Our Business included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2015.      Covenants in our current and any
future debt agreement restrict our business.      Our Credit Agreement contains, and the agreements that govern our future
indebtedness may contain, covenants that restrict our ability to and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things:      

engage in a transaction that results in a change of control, as defined by the Credit Agreement governing the Credit Facility;        

create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien upon any of our property, assets or revenues;        

make certain investments or acquisitions;        

create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any indebtedness;        

merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of our assets;        

make any disposition or enter into any agreement to make any disposition;        

repurchase outstanding stock from the open market; and    
      23  

Table of Contents  

declare or make, directly or indirectly, any dividend or other restricted payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so.    
 These covenants may restrict our ability to operate our business. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an Event of
Default that, if not cured or waived, could result in reduced liquidity for the Company and could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, our ability to pay
interest and repay the principal for our indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to manage our business operations, generate sufficient cash flows to service such debt and the other factors discussed in this section. Our Credit Agreement also
contains certain financial covenants.    As a result of the restatement described herein, the following Events of Default occurred:  

(i) 
 an Event of Default that results from breach of the Fixed Charge Coverage covenant as of March 31, 2016 as required under Section 6.12(b); and    

(ii) 
 an Event of Default that results from the unintentional misrepresentations made prior to the date of the First Amendment in connection with the certification as to the accuracy of the financial statements and compliance
certificate delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 as they relate solely to the source of the error that has necessitated the restatement discussed herein.    
 The restatement error disclosed in this Form 10-Q/A and our decision to prepay our term loan debt, have resulted in the Events of Default
described above. With respect to the fixed charge coverage ratio, we were non-compliant for the three months ended March 31, 2016, with a ratio of 1.16:1.00. Excluding our optional prepayment of term loan debt, our fixed charge coverage ratio
would have been 1.60:1.00. As a result of the waivers of Events of Default contained within the First Amendment to Credit and Waiver Agreement described in Note 6 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, as of March 31, 2016, we
were in compliance with all such covenants and expect to remain in compliance for the next 12 months.      

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       None.  

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None.  

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable.  

Item 5.  
  Other Information       None.  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         

* 
 Filed herewith    

** 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is furnished rather than filed with the Form 10-Q/A.    
      24  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC.  

Date: December 12, 2016  

/s/ Eric K. Steen   

Eric K. Steen   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: December 12, 2016  

/s/ Christopher Downs   

Christopher Downs   

Chief Financial Officer (Interim)   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

Date: December 12, 2016  

/s/ Trent N. Smith   

Trent N. Smith   

Chief Accounting Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   
 
      25  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d299282dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER    I,
Eric K. Steen, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of InfuSystem Holdings, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:    a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting.    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: December 12, 2016 

/s/ Eric K. Steen   

Eric K. Steen 
 Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d299282dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER    I,
Christopher Downs, certify that:    1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of InfuSystem Holdings, Inc.  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:    a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting.    5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

Date: December 12, 2016 

/s/ Christopher Downs   

Christopher Downs 
 Chief Financial Officer (Interim)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d299282dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code)  
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code), the undersigned officer of InfuSystem Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that:  
 The quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q/A ) of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-Q/A fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: December 12, 2016  

/s/ Eric K. Steen   

Eric K. Steen 
 Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d299282dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code)  
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code), the undersigned officer of InfuSystem Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that:  
 The quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q/A ) of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-Q/A fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date: December 12, 2016  

/s/ Christopher Downs   

Christopher Downs 
 Chief Financial Officer (Interim)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 infu-20160331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 infu-20160331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 infu-20160331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 infu-20160331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 infu-20160331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 infu-20160331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

