<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_1574815_0001574815-16-000184_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6019101</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101513</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>385134</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1547069</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3074348</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>818618</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001574815-16-000184.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107205934
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001574815-16-000184
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BMC STOCK HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001574815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-LUMBER & OTHER BUILDING MATERIALS DEALERS [5211]
		IRS NUMBER:				264687975
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36050
		FILM NUMBER:		161979793

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		980 HAMMOND DRIVE NE, SUITE 500
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328
		BUSINESS PHONE:		678-222-1219

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		980 HAMMOND DRIVE NE, SUITE 500
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STOCK BUILDING SUPPLY HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130506

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SATURN ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130419

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001574815-16-000184.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 bmcstock-09302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  _____________________________ 
    
  Form 10-Q 
    
  x        QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  OR 
    
  o    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the transition period from ___ to ___ 
  Commission file number 001-36050 
    
  BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. 
    (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
                 Delaware 
    26-4687975 
      (State or other jurisdiction 
  of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
      Two Lakeside Commons 
  980 Hammond Drive NE, Suite 500 
  Atlanta, Georgia 
    30328 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
    (Zip Code) 

(678) 222-1219 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Not Applicable 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x   No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer 
    o 
    Accelerated filer 
    x 
      Non-accelerated filer 
    o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     o   No     x 
    
  The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at   November 4, 2016   was   66,616,623   shares. 

BMC STOCK HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Table of Contents to Form 10-Q 
                     
    PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
      Item 1 
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    1 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    2 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    3 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    4 
      Item 2 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    14 
      Item 3 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    26 
      Item 4 
     Controls and Procedures  
    26 
        
    PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
      
      Item 1 
     Legal Proceedings  
    27 
      Item 1A 
     Risk Factors  
    27 
      Item 2 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    27 
      Item 3 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    27 
      Item 4 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    27 
      Item 5 
     Other Information  
    27 
      Item 6 
     Exhibits  
    28 
        
     Signature  
    29 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  BMC STOCK HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

BMC STOCK HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

BMC STOCK HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

BMC STOCK HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
   
  1.    Organization 
  On December 1, 2015, Stock Building Supply Holdings, Inc. ( SBS ,  Legacy SBS ) completed a business combination with privately-held Building Materials Holding Corporation ( BMC ,  Legacy BMC ) in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 2, 2015, by and between SBS and BMC (the  Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which BMC merged with and into SBS (the  Merger ). As a result of the business combination, SBS survived the Merger and in connection therewith changed its name to  BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.  
  These financial statements represent the financial statements of BMC Stock Holdings, Inc., and its subsidiaries. All references to  BMC Stock,   we,   us,   our  or the  Company  mean BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. 
  The Company distributes lumber and building materials to new construction and repair and remodeling contractors. Additionally, we provide solution-based services to our customers, including component design, product specification and installation services. 
   
  2.    Basis of Presentation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) that permit reduced disclosure for interim periods. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,   2015   was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all necessary disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries and, in the opinion of management, include all recurring adjustments and normal accruals necessary for a fair statement of the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the dates and periods presented. These unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   ( 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K ). Results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected during the remainder of the current year or for any future period. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
  Under GAAP, the Merger was treated as a  reverse merger  under the acquisition method of accounting. For accounting purposes, BMC is considered to have acquired SBS. Consequently, the historical financial statements of the Company reflect only the operations and financial condition of BMC prior to the date of the Merger. The operating results of SBS are reported as part of the Company beginning on the closing date of the Merger. 
    
  Comprehensive   income    
  Comprehensive   income   is equal to the net   income   for all periods presented. 
  Recently adopted accounting pronouncements 
  In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs ( ASU 2015-03 ). ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of debt discounts, instead of as an asset. In August 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-15, Interest - Imputation of Interest: Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting ( ASU 2015-15 ). ASU 2015-15 clarifies the treatment of debt issuance costs for line-of-credit arrangements, which was not addressed in ASU 2015-03, by indicating that the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of such arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 became effective for the Company s annual and interim periods beginning on January 1, 2016. ASU 2015-03 is required to be applied retrospectively, wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of the new guidance. Accordingly, unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Company s senior secured notes of   $6.3 million   as of September 30, 2016 have been presented as a direct deduction of long-term debt and unamortized debt issuance costs related to the senior secured notes of   $4.9 million   as of December 31, 2015 have been reclassified from non-current assets to a direct deduction of long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheets. Unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Company s revolving line of credit of   $3.5 million   and   $4.6 million   as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, are reflected in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets as permitted by ASU 2015-15.  

4 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-09, Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ( ASU 2016-09 ), which involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including (1) recognition of all income tax benefits and deficiencies related to exercised or vested awards in income tax expense, (2) classification of excess tax benefits as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows, (3) the ability of companies to make a policy election as to either estimate forfeitures or account for forfeitures as they occur, (4) stipulation that partial cash settlement for tax-withholding purposes would not result, by itself, in liability classification provided the amount withheld does not exceed the maximum statutory rate for an employee in the applicable jurisdictions and (5) clarification that cash paid by an employer to a taxing authority when directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity on the statement of cash flows. For each provision, the standard indicates whether the provision should be adopted on a retrospective, prospective or modified retrospective basis. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016, however early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to early adopt this standard during the first quarter of 2016. No provisions that required retrospective or modified retrospective application had a material impact on our financial statements. As permitted by the standard, the Company has made a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. The Company has also elected to apply the guidance related to classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows prospectively, and therefore prior periods have not been adjusted. 
  Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ( ASU 2014-09 ), and issued subsequent amendments to the initial guidance within Accounting Standards Update 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Principal versus Agent Considerations ( ASU 2016-08) issued in March 2016, Accounting Standards Update 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing ( ASU 2016-10 ) issued in April 2016 and Accounting Standards Update 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients ( ASU 2016-12 ) issued in May 2016 (ASU 2014-09, ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 collectively  Topic 606 ). Topic 606 provides a comprehensive revenue recognition model requiring companies to recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. In July 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date of the standard by one year, and therefore the standard is effective for the Company s annual and interim periods beginning on January 1, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, but only for the Company s annual and interim periods beginning on January 1, 2017. The guidance permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We are evaluating the impact of the standard on our financial statements.  
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory ( ASU 2015-11 ). ASU 2015-11 requires that inventory within the scope of the guidance be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Prior to the issuance of the standard, inventory was measured at the lower of cost or market, where market was defined as replacement cost, with a ceiling of net realizable value and floor of net realizable value less a normal profit margin. Inventory measured using last-in, first-out (LIFO) and the retail inventory method are not impacted by the new guidance. Prospective application is required and early adoption is permitted. ASU 2015-11 is effective for the Company s annual and interim periods beginning on January 1, 2017. We are evaluating the impact of the standard on our financial statements.  
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases ( ASU 2016-02 ). The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for the Company s annual and interim periods beginning on January 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are evaluating the impact of the standard on our financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 was issued to decrease the diversity in practice of how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows by providing guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. ASU 2016-15 is effective for the Company s annual and interim periods beginning on January 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted and retrospective application required. We are evaluating the impact of the standard on our financial statements.  

5 

Reclassifications and other adjustment 
  In prior years, the Company included changes in book overdrafts as a financing activity on its consolidated statements of cash flows. Book overdrafts relate primarily to checks issued that have not been presented for payment to the bank, and are classified in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company has reclassified changes in book overdrafts for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   from a financing activity to an operating activity to conform to the current year presentation. The effect of this reclassification on net cash flows from operating and financing activities as previously presented on the consolidated statements of cash flows for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   is as follows: 

In the 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company disclosed certain reclassifications to its condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2014. These reclassifications were similarly reflected for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 for purposes of presenting the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, included herein. 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded an out-of-period expense of approximately   $0.7 million   in selling, general and administrative costs and a corresponding increase to accrued expenses and other liabilities to correct an error in the calculation of deferred rent. The Company has determined the adjustment is not material to the current period or any previously issued financial statements. 

3.    Acquisitions 
  For all acquisitions, we allocate the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition based on the estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Management makes significant estimates and assumptions when determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. These estimates include, but are not limited to, discount rates, projected future net sales, projected future expected cash flows and useful lives. When necessary, we will engage third-party valuation firms to assist us in determining fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities. 
    
  Acquisition of Robert Bowden, Inc. 
  On   September 1, 2015  , Legacy BMC purchased certain assets (excluding cash) and assumed certain liabilities of Marietta, Georgia-based Robert Bowden Inc. ( RBI ) for an initial purchase price of   $102.4 million   in cash (subject to certain adjustments). RBI has three locations in the Atlanta, Georgia area, including its manufacturing facility in Marietta. RBI sells millwork and window products to homebuilders and residential contractors primarily in the Atlanta metro market. Legacy BMC funded the transaction through borrowings under Legacy BMC s revolving line of credit. The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting under ASC 805, Business Combinations.  
    
  The final allocated fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities is summarized as follows: 

6 

Inventory and property and equipment were valued using the cost approach and/or market approach, customer relationships were valued using the excess earnings method and non-compete agreements were valued using the lost profit method. The customer relationships and non-compete agreements are being amortized over periods of   10 years   and   3 years  , respectively. 
    
  Goodwill represents the future economic benefits expected to arise from other intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition, including assembled workforce and non-contractual relationships, as well as expected future synergies. All of the goodwill recognized is expected to be tax deductible. 
    
  Net sales and estimated pre-tax income of RBI included in the consolidated statements of operations were   $7.3 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  Acquisition of VNS Corporation 
  On   May 1, 2015  , Legacy BMC completed the acquisition of Vidalia, Georgia-based VNS Corporation ( VNS ), enabling Legacy BMC to expand its product offerings into the southeastern United States. Legacy BMC funded the transaction through the use of available cash and borrowings on Legacy BMC s revolving line of credit. The final purchase price was   $47.1 million  , net of   $2.3 million   of acquired cash. The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting under ASC 805, Business Combinations. 
    
  The final allocated fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities is summarized as follows: 

Inventory and property and equipment were valued using the cost approach and/or market approach, customer relationships were valued using the excess earnings method and trademarks were valued using the relief from royalty method. The customer relationships and trademarks are being amortized over periods of   10 years   and   2 years  , respectively. 
    
  Goodwill represents the future economic benefits expected to arise from other intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition, including assembled workforce and non-contractual relationships, as well as expected future synergies.   None   of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
    
  Net sales and estimated pre-tax income of VNS included in the consolidated statements of operations were   $35.4 million   and   $1.3 million  , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and   $60.1 million   and   $2.1 million  , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  Pro Forma Financial Information 
  The following unaudited pro forma combined results of operations give effect to the acquisitions of RBI and VNS by the Company as if RBI and VNS had been acquired on January 1, 2014, the beginning of the annual period prior to the acquisition date, applying certain assumptions and pro forma adjustments. The unaudited pro forma consolidated results are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not indicative of the Company s actual results of operations or consolidated financial position. The unaudited pro  
  
   7 

forma results of operations do not reflect any operating efficiencies or potential cost savings that may result from the acquisitions of RBI and VNS. 
    
  Unaudited pro forma financial information is as follows: 

4.    Accounts Receivable 
  Accounts receivable consist of the following at   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  : 

5.    Impairment of Legacy BMC ERP System 
  During 2013, Legacy BMC selected a new third-party software vendor as its planned Enterprise Resource Planning ( New ERP ) system and began incurring costs related to design, development and implementation of the New ERP, and also began paying an annual licensing fee. During March 2016, the Company decided to integrate all operations under the Enterprise Resource Planning system utilized by Legacy SBS (the  Legacy SBS ERP system ) and to discontinue use of the New ERP. In connection with this decision, the Company recorded asset impairment charges of approximately   $11.9 million   in its condensed consolidated statement of operations for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   related to capitalized software development costs for New ERP functionality that the Company had intended to implement in future periods. These costs had previously been recorded as construction-in-progress within property and equipment on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had approximately   $2.2 million   of unamortized prepaid expenses related to the New ERP recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets on its condensed consolidated balance sheet. These unamortized prepaid expenses relate to license and service contracts that will continue to be utilized by the Company until the time the Company ceases using the New ERP system. The Company is also obligated under a non-cancellable agreement to make future payments through 2017 of approximately   $2.0 million   related to New ERP software licenses. The Company may be required to accelerate the expense recognition of any unamortized prepaid costs and future contractual costs once we cease using the New ERP. 

8 

6.    Debt 
  Long-term debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consists of the following: 

Senior Secured Notes 
  On   September 15, 2016  , the Company issued   $350.0 million   of senior secured notes due 2024 (the  Senior Notes ) under an unregistered private placement not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). The Senior Notes are governed by an indenture dated September 15, 2016 (the  Indenture ). The Senior Notes were issued by BMC East, LLC, a 100% owned subsidiary of the Company, and are guaranteed by the Company and the other subsidiaries that guarantee our Credit Agreement (as defined below). Each of the subsidiary guarantors is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, and all guarantees are full and unconditional and joint and several. The Senior Notes mature on October 1, 2024 and are secured by a first priority lien on certain assets of the Company and a second priority lien on the collateral that secures the Credit Agreement (as defined below), which collectively accounts for substantially all assets of the Company. The interest rate is fixed at   5.5%   and is payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1, beginning on April 1, 2017.  
    
  The Indenture contains customary nonfinancial covenants, including restrictions on new indebtedness, issuance of liens and guarantees, investments, distributions to equityholders, asset sales and affiliate transactions. At any time prior to October 1, 2019, the Company may redeem the Senior Notes in whole or in part at a price equal to   100%   of the principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus the greater of (a)   1%   of the principal amount of such note and (b) on any redemption date, the excess (to the extent positive) of the present value of the redemption price of such note at October 1, 2019 (equal to   104.125%  ) plus all required interest payments due on such note to and including October 1, 2019 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest), computed upon the redemption date using a discount rate equal to to the applicable treasury rate, as defined in the Indenture, at such redemption date plus 50 basis points, over the outstanding principal amount of such note. Further, during any twelve month period prior to October 1, 2019, the Company may redeem up to   10%   of the Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to   103%   plus accrued and unpaid interest. At any time on or after October 1, 2019, the Company may redeem the Senior Notes in whole or in part at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, at any time prior to October 1, 2019, the Company may redeem up to   40%   of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings, as described in the Indenture, at a price equal to   105.5%   plus accrued and unpaid interest. If the Company experiences certain change of control events, holders of the Senior Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or part of their Notes at a price equal to   101%   plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
    
  The net cash proceeds from the Senior Notes were used to redeem in full   $250.0 million   of   9.0%   senior secured notes that were issued by Legacy BMC in September 2013 and which were scheduled to mature in September 2018 (the  Extinguished Senior Notes ), and to pay accrued interest on the Extinguished Senior Notes of   $11.3 million  . In connection with the redemption of the Extinguished Senior Notes, the Company incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of   $12.5 million  , consisting of a call premium of   $8.4 million  , and the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount of   $4.1 million  . The remaining proceeds were used to repay outstanding borrowings on the Revolver (as defined below) of approximately   $74.0 million   and to pay debt issuance costs of   $6.3 million  , which will be amortized over the term of the Senior Notes.  
    
  As of September 30, 2016, the estimated market value of the Senior Notes was   $1.3 million   more than the carrying amount. The fair value is based on institutional trading activity and was classified as a Level 2 measurement in accordance with ASC 820. 

9 

Revolving Credit Agreement 
  On December 1, 2015, in connection with the Merger, we entered into a senior secured credit agreement with Wells Fargo Capital Finance, as administrative agent, and certain other lenders (the  Credit Agreement ) which includes a revolving line of credit (the  Revolver ). On September 15, 2016, the Company entered into the second amendment to the Credit Agreement (the  Second Amendment ), which reduced the aggregate commitment from   $450.0 million   to   $375.0 million   and increased the letters of credit commitment from   $75.0 million   to   $100.0 million  . We had outstanding borrowings under the Revolver of   $26.9 million   with net availability of   $268.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . The interest rate on outstanding LIBOR Rate borrowings of   $10.0 million   was   2.0%   and the interest rate on outstanding Base Rate borrowings of   $16.9 million   was   4.0%   as of   September 30, 2016  . We had   $70.3 million   in letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement as of   September 30, 2016  . The carrying value of the Revolver at   September 30, 2016   approximates fair value as the Revolver contains a variable interest rate. As such, the fair value of the Revolver was classified as a Level 2 measurement in accordance with ASC 820. 
    
  The Revolver matures at the earlier of (i) December 1, 2020 and (ii) the date that is three months prior to the maturity of the Senior Notes, or if the Senior Notes are refinanced or repaid, the date that is three months prior to the new maturity date of the replacement notes or other indebtedness that replaced or refinanced the Senior Notes. Due to the redemption of the Extinguished Senior Notes during September 2016, the issuance of the Senior Notes which mature on October 1, 2024 and the Company entering into the Second Amendment, the effective maturity date of the Revolver was extended from June 15, 2018, the date three months prior to the maturity date of the Extinguished Senior Notes, to December 1, 2020. After considering the increase to the remaining term and the reduction of the aggregate commitment resulting from the Second Amendment, the overall borrowing capacity of the Revolver increased. Accordingly, all existing unamortized debt issuance costs and new debt issuance costs related to the Second Amendment are being amortized through December 1, 2020. 
    
  Other 
  Other long-term debt consists of   $2.9 million   of term notes secured by delivery and handling equipment with various maturities through   November 2018   and a   $0.5 million   term note secured by real property with a maturity of   February 2021  . The interest rates range from   4.3%   to   7.0%  . Interest is paid monthly. The estimated market value of other long-term debt approximates the carrying amount. 

7.    Income Taxes  
  The Company evaluates its deferred tax assets quarterly to determine if valuation allowances are required. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers both positive and negative evidence in determining whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  
  The Company had a valuation allowance of   $0.1 million   against its deferred tax assets related to certain state tax jurisdictions as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . To the extent the Company generates future tax net operating losses, the Company may be required to increase the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, which may unfavorably impact the effective tax rate.  
  The Company has   no   material uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2016. The Company has recorded a liability for uncertain tax positions of   $3.0 million   within income taxes receivable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   December 31, 2015   related to the Company s tax accounting method to accelerate certain temporary tax deductions on its 2014 federal and state income tax returns. During the three months ended June 30, 2016, the Company filed applications to change its tax accounting method for certain temporary tax deductions with the Internal Revenue Service. The Company believes these tax accounting methods are more likely than not to be recognized; therefore, the Company decreased its liability for uncertain tax positions by   $3.0 million   with a corresponding increase to its deferred income tax liability. 
    
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the effective tax rate was   35.0%   and   32.7%  , respectively. In comparison to the federal statutory rate of   35%  , our effective rate for each period was impacted primarily by state taxes and nondeductible costs  offset by excess tax windfall benefits from stock compensation and a permanent domestic manufacturing deduction under Internal Revenue Code Section 199 (the  Manufacturing Deduction ). For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the effective tax rate from continuing operations was   50.7%   and   55.8%  , respectively, which varied from the federal statutory rate of   35%   primarily due to state taxes and non-deductible Merger-related costs.  

8.    Commitments and Contingencies 
  From time to time, various claims, legal proceedings and litigation are asserted or commenced against the Company principally arising from alleged product liability, warranty, casualty, construction defect, contract, tort, employment and other disputes. In determining loss contingencies, management considers the likelihood of loss as well as the ability to reasonably estimate the  
  
   10 

amount of such loss or liability. An estimated loss is recorded when it is considered probable that such a liability has been incurred and when the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. It is not certain that the Company will prevail in these matters. However, the Company does not currently believe that the ultimate outcome of any pending matters will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
  9.    Stock Based Compensation 
  The following table highlights the expense related to stock based compensation for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company granted   75,000   restricted stock units to an executive that vest 1/3 each on December 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018 as well as performance-based restricted stock units that vest on December 31, 2018. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units was   $16.35  . The number of performance-based restricted stock units that are issued on the vesting date could range from   zero   to a maximum of   206,250  , based upon the Company s cumulative Adjusted EBITDA over the   three   year period from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2018. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company expects that   82,500   of the performance-based restricted stock awards will vest. 
   
  10.    Segments 
  ASC 280, Segment Reporting, defines operating segments as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. 
  The Company s operating segments consist of the Mid-Atlantic, Southeast, Texas, Intermountain, Western and Mountain West divisions. Due to the similar economic characteristics, nature of products, distribution methods and customers, the Company has aggregated our operating segments into   one   reportable segment,  Geographic divisions.  
  In addition to our reportable segment, the Company s consolidated results include  Other reconciling items.  Other reconciling items is comprised of our corporate activities. 
  The following tables present Net Sales, Adjusted EBITDA and certain other measures for the reportable segment and total Company operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Adjusted EBITDA is used as a performance metric by the CODM in determining how to allocate resources and assess performance. 

11 

Reconciliation to consolidated financial statements:   

12 

11.    Earnings Per Share 
  Basic net income per share ( EPS ) is calculated by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting weighted average shares outstanding for the dilutive effect of potential common shares, determined using the treasury-stock method. For purposes of the diluted EPS calculation, stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards are considered to be potential common shares. During periods of net loss, no effect is given to potential common shares as they are anti-dilutive. Performance-based restricted stock units are not included in the calculation of diluted EPS until they are contingently issuable. 
  The basic and diluted EPS calculations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   are presented below: 

The following table provides the securities that could potentially dilute EPS in the future, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS for the periods presented because to do so would have been anti-dilutive. The amounts included in this table exclude performance-based restricted stock units. The number of currently outstanding performance-based restricted stock units that are issued upon vesting could range from   zero   to a maximum of   206,250  . 

13 

ITEM 2    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited financial statements included in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Cautionary Statement with Respect to Forward-Looking Statements 
  Some of the statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts or present facts or conditions. In many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as  may,   will,   should,   expects,   plans,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.  
  The forward-looking statements reflect our views about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause events or our actual activities or results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future events, results, actions, levels of activity, performance or achievements. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. These factors include without limitation:  
             
    the state of the homebuilding industry and repair and remodeling activity, the economy and the credit markets; 
                
    seasonality and cyclicality of the building products supply and services industry; 
                
    competitive industry pressures and competitive pricing pressure from our customers and competitors; 
                
    inflation or deflation of prices of our products; 
                
    our exposure to product liability, warranty, casualty, construction defect, contract, tort, employment and other claims and legal proceedings; 
                
    our ability to maintain profitability; 
                
    our concentration of business in the Texas, California and Georgia markets; 
                
    the potential negative impacts from the significant decline in oil prices on employment, home construction and remodeling activity in Texas (particularly the Houston metropolitan area) and other markets dependent on the energy industry; 
                
    our ability to retain our key employees and to attract and retain new qualified employees, while controlling our labor costs; 
                
    product shortages, loss of key suppliers or failure to develop relationships with qualified suppliers, and our dependence on third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 
                
    the implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives; 
                
    the impact of long-term non-cancelable leases at our facilities; 
                
    our ability to effectively manage inventory and working capital; 
                
    the credit risk from our customers; 
                
    the impact of pricing pressure from our customers; 
                
    our ability to identify or respond effectively to consumer needs, expectations or trends; 
                
    our ability to successfully implement our growth strategy; 
                
    the impact of federal, state, local and other laws and regulations; 
                
    the potential loss of significant customers; 
                
    natural or man-made disruptions to our distribution and manufacturing facilities; 
                
    our exposure to environmental liabilities and subjection to environmental laws and regulation; 
                
    cybersecurity risks; 
                
    risks related to the continued integration of Legacy BMC and Legacy SBS and successful operation of the post-merger company; 
                
    our ability to operate on multiple ERP information systems, while we convert multiple systems to a single system; 
                
    our ability to retain qualified employees following the Merger, while controlling labor costs; 
                
    our ability to operate on multiple ERP information systems and the subsequent conversion to a single system; 
                
    the impact of additional indebtedness assumed through the Merger; and 
                
    the various financial covenants in our secured credit agreement and senior secured notes indenture.  
       
  Certain of these and other factors are discussed in more detail in  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included herein are made only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or  
  
   14 

review any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf, whether as a result of new information, future developments, subsequent events or circumstances or otherwise. 
   
  Overview 
  On December 1, 2015, SBS completed the Merger with privately-held BMC in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which BMC merged with and into SBS. SBS survived the Merger and in connection therewith changed its name to  BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.  The financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q represent the financial statements of BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
    
  Under GAAP, the Merger was treated as a  reverse merger  under the acquisition method of accounting. For accounting purposes, BMC is considered to have acquired SBS. Consequently, the historical financial statements of the Company prior to the Merger reflect only the operations and financial condition of BMC. The operating results of SBS are reported as part of the Company beginning on the closing date of the Merger. 
    
  We are a diversified lumber and building materials distributor and solutions provider that sells to new construction and repair and remodeling contractors. We carry a broad line of products and have operations in   42   metropolitan areas within   17   states throughout the United States. The   17   states in which we operate accounted for approximately 63% of 2015 U.S. single-family housing permits according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Our primary products are lumber   lumber sheet goods, millwork, doors, flooring, windows, structural components such as engineered wood products, trusses and wall panels and other exterior products. Additionally, we provide solution-based services to our customers, including design, product specification and installation services. We serve a broad customer base, including large-scale production homebuilders, custom homebuilders and repair and remodeling contractors. We offer a broad range of products sourced through a strategic network of suppliers, which together with our various solution-based services, represent approximately 50% of the construction cost of a typical new home.  
    
  Primarily as a result of the Merger and acquisition of RBI (discussed further below), as well as improving conditions in the residential construction market, our net sales for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased     97.2%   compared to the prior year period. Our gross profit as a percentage of net sales ( gross margin ) was   24.7%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   23.3%   for the prior year period. We recorded operating income of   $33.7 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to operating income of   $15.3 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
   
  Factors Affecting Our Operating Results  
  Our operating results and financial performance are influenced by a variety of factors, including, among others, acquisitions, conditions in the housing market and economic conditions generally, changes in the cost of the products we sell (particularly commodity products), pricing policies of our competitors, production schedules of our customers and seasonality. Some of the more important factors are briefly discussed below.  
  Merger and acquisitions 
  As discussed above, on December 1, 2015, SBS completed the Merger with privately-held BMC in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which BMC merged with and into SBS. 
  On September 1, 2015, Legacy BMC purchased certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of Marietta, Georgia-based RBI for a purchase price of $102.4 million. RBI has three locations in the Atlanta, Georgia area and sells millwork and window products to homebuilders and residential contractors. 
  On May 1, 2015, Legacy BMC completed the acquisition of Vidalia, Georgia-based VNS for a purchase price of $47.1 million. VNS has nine locations in southern Georgia and sells building materials and provides construction services in the southeastern United States. 
  Approximately $389.4 million and $1,165.7 million of the sales increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the prior year period is a result of the Merger and acquisitions of RBI and VNS. 
  Conditions in the housing and construction market  
  The building products supply and services industry is highly dependent on new home construction and repair and remodeling activity, which in turn are dependent upon a number of factors, including interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, foreclosure rates, housing inventory levels, housing demand, the availability of land, the availability of construction financing and the health of the economy and mortgage markets. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, single-family housing starts in the South  
  
   15 

and West regions of the United States, which are our primary operating regions, increased approximately   3.6%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
  Overall economic conditions in the markets where we operate  
  Economic changes both nationally and locally in our markets impact our financial performance. Unfavorable changes in demographics, credit markets, consumer confidence, health care costs, housing affordability, housing inventory levels, a weakening of the national economy or of any regional or local economy in which we operate and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect consumer spending, result in decreased demand for homes and adversely affect our business. We believe continued employment growth, prospective home buyers  access to financing and improved consumer confidence will be necessary to increase household formation rates. We believe improved household formation rates in turn will increase demand for housing and stimulate new construction.  
  Commodity nature of our products  
  Many of the building products we distribute, including lumber, oriented strand board ( OSB ), plywood and particleboard, are commodities that are widely available from other manufacturers or distributors with prices and volumes determined frequently based on participants  perceptions of short-term supply and demand factors.  
  The following table reflects changes in the average composite framing lumber prices (per thousand board feet) and average composite structural panel prices (per thousand square feet). These prices represent transactions between manufacturers and their customers as reported by Random Lengths and may differ in magnitude or timing from the actual selling prices or cost of goods reported in our operating results. The average composite structural panel prices are based on index prices for OSB and plywood.  

Periods of increasing prices provide the opportunity for higher sales and increased gross profit, while periods of declining prices may result in declines in sales and profitability. In particular, low market prices for wood products over a sustained period can adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows, as can excessive spikes in market prices. For further discussion of the impact of commodity prices on historical periods, see  -Operating Results  below.  
  Consolidation of large homebuilders  
  Over the past ten years, the homebuilding industry has undergone consolidation and many larger homebuilders have increased their market share. We expect that trend to continue as larger homebuilders have better liquidity and land positions relative to the smaller, less capitalized homebuilders. Our focus is on maintaining relationships and market share with these customers while balancing the competitive pressures we face in our markets with certain profitability expectations. We expect that our ability to maintain strong relationships with the largest builders will be vital to our ability to expand into new markets as well as grow our market share. While we generate significant sales from these homebuilders, our gross margins on sales to them tend to be lower than our gross margins on sales to other market segments. This could impact our gross margins as homebuilding recovers if the market share held by the production homebuilders continues to increase. 
    
  Our ability to control expenses  
  We pay close attention to managing our working capital and operating expenses. We employ a LEAN process operating philosophy, which encourages continuous improvement in our core processes to minimize waste, improve customer service, increase expense productivity, improve working capital and maximize profitability and cash flow. We regularly analyze our workforce productivity to achieve the optimum, cost-efficient labor mix for our facilities. Further, we pay careful attention to our logistics function and have implemented GPS-based technology across certain markets to improve customer service and improve productivity of our shipping and handling costs.  
  Mix of products sold  
  We typically realize greater gross margins on more highly engineered and customized products, or ancillary products that are often purchased based on convenience and are therefore less price sensitive to our customers. For example, sales of lumber   lumber sheet goods tend to generate lower gross margins due to their commodity nature and the relatively low switching costs of sourcing  
  
   16 

those products from different suppliers. Structural components and millwork, windows   doors often generate higher gross profit dollars relative to other products. Homebuilders often use structural components in order to realize increased efficiency and improved quality. We believe shortening cycle time from start to completion is a key goal of homebuilders during periods of strong consumer demand or limited availability of framing labor. As the residential new construction market continues to strengthen, we expect the use of structural components by homebuilders to increase.  
  Changes in sales mix among construction segments  
  Our operating results may vary according to the amount and type of products we sell to each of our four primary construction segments: new single-family construction; remodeling; multi-family and light commercial. We tend to realize higher gross margins on sales to the remodeling segment due to the smaller product volumes purchased by those customers, as well as the more customized nature of the projects those customers generally undertake. Gross margins within the new single-family, multi-family and light commercial construction segments can vary based on a variety of factors, including the purchase volumes of the individual customer, the mix of products sold to that customer, the size and selling price of the project being constructed and the number of upgrades added to the project before or during its construction.  
  Seasonality 
  Our first and fourth quarters have historically been, and are generally expected to continue to be, adversely affected by weather patterns in some of our markets, causing reduced construction activity. As a result, sales are usually lower in the first and fourth quarters than in the second and third quarters. 
   
  Operating Results 
  The following table sets forth our operating results in dollars and as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated:   

17 

Three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   three months ended September 30, 2015    
  Net sales 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , net sales   increased     $404.7 million  , or   97.2%  , to   $821.2 million   from   $416.5 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Approximately 93.5% of the increase in net sales was a result of the Merger and acquisition of RBI, while there was a 1.3% increase due to volume related to existing operations. The impact of commodity price inflation increased net sales by approximately 2.4%. We estimate approximately 73% of our net sales for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   were to customers engaged in new single-family construction. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, single-family housing starts in the South and West regions of the United States increased approximately   3.6%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
  The following table shows net sales classified by major product category: 

Cost of goods sold 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , cost of goods sold   increased     $298.9 million  , or   93.6%  , to   $618.2 million   from   $319.4 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . We estimate our cost of goods sold   increased   approximately 92.4% as a result of the Merger and acquisition of RBI, while organic change accounted for an increase of 1.2%.  
  Gross profit 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , gross profit   increased     $105.9 million  , or   109.0%  , to   $203.0 million   from   $97.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , driven primarily by the Merger and acquisition of RBI. Our gross margin was   24.7%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   23.3%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This   increase   was primarily driven by a higher percentage of total net sales being derived from millwork, doors   windows, which generally are sold at a higher gross margin than our other product categories, as well as increased consideration from supplier agreements. 
  Operating expenses 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  : 
              
    depreciation expense was   $9.8 million   compared to   $3.5 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This   increase   primarily relates to fixed assets acquired through the Merger and acquisition of RBI, as well as replacements and additions of delivery fleet, material handling equipment and operating equipment. 
                
    amortization expense was   $5.3 million   compared to   $0.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase resulted from intangible assets acquired through the Merger and acquisition of RBI. 
                
    the Company incurred   $4.7 million   of Merger and integration costs related to the ongoing integration of BMC and SBS, consisting primarily of severance, system integration costs and professional fees, compared to   $1.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . 
     
   18 

Interest expense 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , interest expense was   $7.7 million   compared to   $7.0 million   for the prior year period. This increase relates primarily to Legacy SBS borrowings that were assumed by the Company as of the date of the Merger, as well as Legacy BMC borrowings used to fund the acquisition of RBI. Non-cash amortization of debt issuance costs, which is included in interest expense, was   $0.8 million   and   $0.6 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Loss on debt extinguishment 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of   $12.5 million   related to the redemption of the Extinguished Senior Notes. The loss is made up of a call premium of $8.4 million and the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount of $4.1 million. 
  Other income (expense), net 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , other income (expense), net   increased     $0.8 million   compared to the prior year period. Approximately $0.4 million of this increase was due to the Merger, primarily relating to service charges assessed on past due accounts receivable for Legacy SBS operations. 
  Income tax 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , income tax expense was   $5.0 million   compared to   $4.2 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   35.0%  , which was consistent with the federal statutory rate of 35%. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was impacted primarily by state taxes and nondeductible costs offset by excess tax windfall benefits from stock compensation and the Manufacturing Deduction. The effective tax rate for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   was   50.7%  , which varied from the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible Merger-related costs. 
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to   nine months ended September 30, 2015    
  Net sales 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net sales   increased     $1,279.6 million  , or   120.0%  , to   $2,346.2 million   from   $1,066.6 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Approximately 109.3% of the increase in net sales was a result of the Merger and acquisitions of VNS and RBI, while 10.3% of the increase was due to volume growth related to existing operations. The impact of commodity price inflation increased net sales by approximately 0.4%. We estimate approximately 76% of our net sales for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were to customers engaged in new single-family construction. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, single-family housing starts in the South and West regions of the United States increased approximately 7.7% for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
  The following table shows net sales classified by major product category: 

Cost of goods sold 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , cost of goods sold   increased     $966.0 million  , or   117.9%  , to   $1,784.9 million   from   $819.0 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . We estimate our cost of goods sold increased approximately 108.4% as a result of the Merger and acquisitions of VNS and RBI, while organic change accounted for an increase of 9.5%. Cost of goods sold for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   includes   $2.9 million   of expense incurred in relation to the sell-through of Legacy SBS inventory which was stepped up in value in connection with the Merger. 
  
   19 

Gross profit 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , gross profit   increased     $313.6 million  , or   126.7%  , to   $561.2 million   from   $247.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , driven primarily by the Merger and acquisitions of VNS and RBI, as well as increased sales volume. Our gross margin was   23.9%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   23.2%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase was primarily driven by a higher percentage of total net sales being derived from millwork, doors   windows, which generally are sold at a higher gross margin than our other product categories, as well as increased consideration from supplier agreements. 
  Operating expenses 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 
              
    depreciation expense was   $27.9 million   compared to   $10.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This   increase   primarily relates to fixed assets acquired through the Merger and acquisitions of VNS and RBI, as well as replacements and additions of delivery fleet, material handling equipment and operating equipment. 
                
    amortization expense was   $15.9 million   compared to   $1.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The amortization expense recognized for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   relates to intangible assets acquired through the Merger and acquisitions of VNS and RBI. 
                
    the Company recognized asset impairment charges of   $11.9 million  . During the first quarter of 2016, the Company decided to integrate all operations under the Legacy SBS ERP system, and to discontinue use of the New ERP (see Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further description of the New ERP). In connection with this decision, the Company impaired capitalized software costs that had previously been recorded as construction-in-progress within property and equipment on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
                
    the Company incurred   $11.1 million   of Merger and integration costs related to the ongoing integration of BMC and SBS, consisting primarily of severance, system integration costs and professional fees compared to   $4.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
     Interest expense 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , interest expense was   $24.0 million   compared to   $20.5 million   for the prior year period. This increase relates primarily to Legacy SBS borrowings that were assumed by the Company as of the date of the Merger, as well as Legacy BMC borrowings used to fund the acquisition of RBI. Non-cash amortization of debt issuance costs, which is included in interest expense, was   $2.7 million   and   $1.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Loss on debt extinguishment 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of   $12.5 million   related to the redemption of the Extinguished Senior Notes. The loss is made up of a call premium of $8.4 million and the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount of $4.1 million. 
  Other income, net 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , other income, net   increased     $2.6 million   compared to the prior year period. Approximately $1.9 million of this increase was due to insurance proceeds received during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   related to a fire at one of the Company s facilities during 2015. Approximately $0.8 million of the increase was due to the Merger, primarily relating to service charges assessed on past due accounts receivable for Legacy SBS operations. 
  Income tax 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   income tax expense   was   $9.9 million   compared to   $3.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   32.7%  , which varied from the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to excess tax windfall benefit from stock compensation and the Manufacturing Deduction. The effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was   55.8%  , which varied from the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible Merger-related costs. 
  
   20 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
  Our primary capital requirements are to fund working capital needs and operating expenses, meet required interest and principal payments and fund capital expenditures. During 2015 and the first nine months of 2016, our capital resources have primarily consisted of cash and cash equivalents generated through operating cash flows, proceeds from the September 2016 issuance of the Senior Notes, borrowings under our Revolver and, prior to the Merger, Legacy BMC s revolving line of credit. 
  Our liquidity at   September 30, 2016   was   $274.8 million  , which includes   $6.8 million   in cash and cash equivalents and   $268.0 million   of unused borrowing capacity under our Revolver.  
  We believe that our cash flows from operations, combined with our current cash levels and available borrowing capacity, will be adequate to fund debt service requirements and provide cash, as required, to support our ongoing operations, capital expenditures, lease obligations and working capital for at least the next 12 months. 
   
  Historical Cash Flow Information    
  Net current assets 
  Net current assets (current assets less current liabilities) were   $378.2 million   and   $335.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  , respectively, as summarized in the following table: 

Accounts receivable, net,   increased     $43.7 million   from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   and days sales outstanding (measured against net sales in the current fiscal quarter of each period and including pre-acquisition sales of Legacy SBS for the fourth quarter of 2015)   increased   from   37   days at   December 31, 2015   to   38   days at   September 30, 2016   primarily due to seasonal increases in sales. 
    
  Inventories, net,   increased     $32.8 million   from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   primarily due to seasonal increases in inventory. Inventory days on hand (measured against cost of goods sold in the current fiscal quarter of each period and including pre-acquisition cost of goods sold of Legacy SBS for the fourth quarter of 2015)   increased   from   39   days at   December 31, 2015   to   40   days at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities   increased     $40.9 million   from   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016   primarily due to an increase in accounts payable related to increased inventory purchases in connection with higher sales volume and the alignment of purchase terms between the Legacy BMC and Legacy SBS suppliers. 
  
   21 

Cash flows from operating activities  
  Net cash   provided by (used in)   operating activities was   $63.8 million   and   $(11.9) million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, as summarized in the following table: 

Net cash   provided by   operating activities   increased   by   $75.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   primarily due to the following:  
             
    Net   income     increased   by   $17.9 million   as discussed in  -Operating Results  above. 
                
    The Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of   $12.5 million   in relation to the redemption of the Extinguished Senior Notes as discussed in  -Operating Results  above. 
                
    Other non-cash expenses   increased   by   $45.6 million   primarily as a result of asset impairment charges and increases in depreciation and amortization as discussed in  -Operating Results  above. 
                
    Cash   outflows   from changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities of   $37.4 million   and   $37.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, is primarily attributable to seasonal increases in accounts receivable and inventory offset by increases in accounts payable. See  - Net current assets  above for further discussion. 
     Cash flows from investing activities  
  Net cash   used in   investing activities was   $23.9 million   and   $146.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, as summarized in the following table: 

Cash used for the purchase of property and equipment for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   resulted primarily from the purchase of vehicles and equipment to support increased sales volume and replace aged assets, and facility and technology investments to support our operations. 
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received insurance proceeds related to a fire at one of the Company s facilities during 2015, of which $1.2 million related to property, plant and equipment damaged in the fire. 
  Cash used for purchases of businesses in 2015 relates to the acquisitions of VNS on May 1, 2015 and RBI on September 1, 2015. 
  Cash provided by the change in restricted assets for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   resulted primarily from the release of collateralized letters of credit related to insurance claims for periods prior to January 2010 into unrestricted cash as a result of reductions in claims and the transfer of the risk of loss of remaining claims to a reinsurer in January 2015. 
  Other investing activities consist primarily of proceeds from sales of property and equipment. 
  
   22 

Cash flows from financing activities  
  Net cash   (used in) provided by   financing activities was   $(34.3) million   and   $98.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, as summarized in the following table: 

The Company made net repayments of   $125.4 million   on the Revolver during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Approximately $74.0 million of this repayment was funded through proceeds from the September 2016 Senior Notes issuance.  
  During September 2016, the Company completed an issuance of $350.0 million of Senior Notes and utilized a portion of the cash proceeds from the issuance to redeem in full the $250.0 million Extinguished Senior Notes. The Company incurred   $6.3 million   of debt issuance costs related to the Senior Notes, of which $5.5 million was paid prior to September 30, 2016, and paid a call premium of $8.4 million related to the Extinguished Senior Notes. The remaining proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Notes were used to repay borrowings on the Revolver, as discussed above. 
  During May 2016, the Company commenced a public offering of 5,700,000 shares of its common stock by certain stockholders. In connection with the offering, the Company granted the underwriters an option to purchase up to an additional 855,000 shares of common stock. The underwriters exercised this option, which generated gross proceeds of $14.5 million and net proceeds of $13.8 million, after subtracting $0.7 million of underwriting commissions and other fees. 
  Borrowings under other notes for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   relate to notes secured by certain operating equipment. No such borrowings were made during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  Payments on capital leases and other notes   increased   by   $1.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   due primarily to payments on Legacy SBS capital leases assumed through the Merger and new financing of handling equipment to support higher sales volumes. 
  Other financing activities, net for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   consist of net repayments of secured borrowings, proceeds from stock option exercises and purchases of treasury stock in connection with shares withheld on vestings and exercises of equity awards. Other financing activities, net for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   consist primarily of purchases of treasury stock in connection with shares withheld on vestings of equity awards.  
    
  Capital expenditures  
  Capital expenditures vary depending on prevailing business factors, including current and anticipated market conditions. We expect our   2016   capital expenditures to be approximately $50 million to $60 million (including the incurrence of capital lease obligations) primarily related to vehicles and equipment, including lease buyouts, and facility and technology investments to support our operations. 
    
  Senior secured notes 
  On September 15, 2016, the Company issued   $350.0 million   of Senior Notes under an unregistered private placement not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Senior Notes mature on October 1, 2024 and are secured by a first priority lien on certain assets of the Company and a second priority lien on the collateral that secures the Credit Agreement, which collectively approximates substantially all assets of the Company. The interest rate is fixed at 5.5% and is payable semiannually on April 1  
  
   23 

and October 1, beginning on April 1, 2017. The Indenture contains customary nonfinancial covenants, including restrictions on new indebtedness, issuance of liens and guarantees, investments, distributions to equityholders, asset sales and affiliate transactions. The Senior Notes were issued by BMC East, LLC, a 100% owned subsidiary of the Company, and are guaranteed by the Company and the other subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Agreement. Each of the subsidiary guarantors is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, and all guarantees are full and unconditional and joint and several. The net cash proceeds from the Senior Notes were partially used to redeem in full the   $250.0 million   Extinguished Senior Notes, with the remaining proceeds used to repay outstanding borrowings on the Revolver and pay related fees and expenses. 
    
  Revolving credit agreement 
  On December 1, 2015, in connection with the Merger, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Capital Finance, as administrative agent, and certain other lenders. The Credit Agreement, which includes the Revolver, was amended on September 15, 2016 when the Company entered into the Second Amendment. The Second Amendment decreased the maximum availability from $450.0 million to $375.0 million and increased the amount that may be used for issuance of letters of credit from $75.0 million to $100.0 million. The Revolver matures at the earlier of (i) December 1, 2020 and (ii) the date that is three months prior to the maturity of the Senior Notes, or if the Senior Notes are refinanced or repaid, the date that is three months prior to the new maturity date of the replacement notes or other indebtedness that replaced or refinanced the Senior Notes. The Revolver is subject to an asset-based borrowing formula on eligible accounts receivable, credit card receivables and inventory, in each case reduced by certain reserves. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Borrowings under the Revolver bear interest, at our option, at either the Base Rate (which means the higher of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%, (ii) the LIBOR rate plus 1.0% or (iii) the prime rate) plus a Base Rate Margin (which ranges from 0.25% to 0.75% based on Revolver availability) or LIBOR plus a LIBOR Rate Margin (which ranges from 1.25% to 1.75% based on Revolver availability).  
  The fee on any outstanding letters of credit issued under the Revolver ranges from 0.75% to 1.25%, depending on whether the letters of credit are fully cash collateralized. The fee on the unused portion of the Revolver is 0.25%. The Credit Agreement contains customary nonfinancial covenants, including restrictions on new indebtedness, issuance of liens, investments, distributions to equityholders, asset sales and affiliate transactions. The Credit Agreement includes a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of 1.00:1:00, as defined therein. However, the covenant is only applicable if excess availability under the Credit Agreement is less than or equal to the greater of (1) $33.3 million and (2) 10% of the line cap, and remains in effect until excess availability has been greater than the greater of (1) $33.3 million and (2) 10% of the line cap for 30 consecutive days. While there can be no assurances, based upon our forecast, we do not expect the financial covenant to become applicable during the year ended December 31, 2016. 
  We had outstanding borrowings of   $26.9 million   with net availability of   $268.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . The interest rate on outstanding LIBOR Rate borrowings of   $10.0 million   was   2.0%   and the interest rate on outstanding Base Rate borrowings of   $16.9 million   was   4.0%   as of   September 30, 2016  . We had   $70.3 million   in letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement as of   September 30, 2016  .  
   
  Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
  The table below summarizes our contractual obligations with regards to the Senior Notes commitments at   September 30, 2016  :   

  (1) Represents principal of   $350.0 million   and semi-annual interest payments at a   5.5%   interest rate, beginning on April 1, 2017. 
    
  Outstanding borrowings under the Revolver decreased to   $26.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $152.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The Revolver matures at the earlier of (i) December 1, 2020 and (ii) the date that is three months prior to the maturity of the Senior Notes, or if the Senior Notes are refinanced or repaid, the date that is three months prior to the new maturity date of the replacement notes or other indebtedness that replaced or refinanced the Senior Notes. Due to the redemption of the Extinguished Senior Notes during September 2016, the issuance of the Senior Notes which mature on October 1, 2024 and the Company entering  
  
   24 

into the Second Amendment, the effective maturity date of the Revolver was extended from June 15, 2018, the date three months prior to the maturity date of the Extinguished Senior Notes, to December 1, 2020. 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company acquired assets under capital leases totaling   $8.5 million  . 
    
  The Company was obligated under certain purchase commitments totaling approximately $13.9 million at   September 30, 2016   that are non-cancellable, enforceable and legally binding on us. These purchase commitments consist primarily of obligations to purchase vehicles and a commitment for a subscription related to the New ERP. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , other than operating leases and letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements with unconsolidated entities. 
   
  Recently issued accounting pronouncements 
  See Note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a summary of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

Critical Accounting Policies  
  There have been no significant material changes to the critical accounting policies as disclosed in the Company s   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  
   25 

ITEM 3     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  There have been no significant material changes to the market risks as disclosed in the Company s   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  ITEM 4    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Disclosure controls and procedures 
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
  We have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other key members of our management. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
  There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected our internal control over financial reporting. Consistent with the year ended December 31, 2015, Legacy SBS and Legacy BMC maintained separate accounting systems during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. As part of the Company s ongoing integration activities following the Merger, Legacy SBS s financial reporting controls and procedures are in the process of being implemented at Legacy BMC. As part of these integration activities and consistent with the Company s ongoing process to implement Legacy SBS s financial reporting controls and procedures at Legacy BMC, the Company has decided to integrate all operations under the Legacy SBS ERP system and to discontinue use of the New ERP. The Company expects this ERP integration to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting as it is completed. 

26 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  We are currently involved in various claims, legal proceedings and lawsuits incidental to the conduct of our business in the ordinary course. We are a defendant in various pending lawsuits, legal proceedings and claims arising from assertions of alleged product liability, warranty, casualty, construction defect, contract, tort, employment and other claims. We carry insurance in such amounts in excess of our self-insurance or deductibles as we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances although insurance may or may not cover any or all of our liabilities in respect of claims and lawsuits. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, cash flows or operating results.  
   
  ITEM 1A    RISK FACTORS 
  Please refer to  Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented by the information in  Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors  of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016 ( Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 ), for information regarding factors that could affect our financial condition and operating results. There have been no other material changes to our risk factors from the risk factors disclosed in the 2015 Annual Reporting on Form 10-K, as amended and supplemented by such information in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. The risks described in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, in addition to the other information set forth in this report, are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 
   
  ITEM 2    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 3    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 4    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 5    OTHER INFORMATION 
  None. 
  
   27 

ITEM 6    EXHIBITS 
  EXHIBIT INDEX 
                   Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      4.1 
      
    Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2016, among BMC East, LLC, as Issuer, the Guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 16, 2016 in Commission File No. 001-36050) 
      4.2 
      
    Form of 5.50% Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.1) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 16, 2016 in Commission File No. 001-36050) 
      10.l 
      
    Amendment Number Two to Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Agreement and Amendment Number One to Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2016, by and among BMC Stock Holdings, Inc., as parent, the subsidiaries of parent party thereto, as borrowers, the lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC, as agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 16, 2016 in Commission File No. 001-36050) 
      31.1 
      
    Certification by Peter C. Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2 
      
    Certification by James F. Major, Jr., Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.1 
      
    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.2 
      
    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      101.INS* 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE* 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
   
 _________________ 
  * XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.  
  
   28 

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
                     
    BMC STOCK HOLDINGS, INC. 
      Date: November 7, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ James F. Major, Jr.  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer and duly authorized officer) 

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bmch-09302016xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Peter C. Alexander, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 7, 2016    
  /s/ Peter C. Alexander        Peter C. Alexander  President and Chief Executive Officer  (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bmch-09302016xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2    
    
  CERTIFICATION    
    
  I, James F. Major, Jr., certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of BMC Stock Holdings, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 7, 2016    
  /s/ James F. Major, Jr.        James F. Major, Jr.  Executive Vice President, Chief   Financial Officer and Treasurer  (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 bmch-09302016xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1    

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Peter C. Alexander, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date: November 7, 2016    
  /s/ Peter C. Alexander        Peter C. Alexander  President and Chief Executive Officer  (principal executive officer) 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 bmch-09302016xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2    

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, James F. Major, Jr., Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date: November 7, 2016    
  /s/ James F. Major, Jr.        James F. Major, Jr.  Executive Vice President, Chief   Financial Officer and Treasurer  (principal financial officer) 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bmch-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bmch-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bmch-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bmch-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bmch-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bmch-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

